1. Conference SIGMOD_3:
ACM SIGMOD/PODS  International Conference on Management of Data, June 22-27, 2025 Berlin, Germany    
   
 Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  SIGMOD Tutorial PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Conference Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Tourism 
  About Germany 
    
 Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Program  
 Accepted Papers 
  PODS Program  
 Accepted Papers 

 CALL FOR PAPERS --- INDUSTRIAL TRACK  
 The Industrial Track of SIGMOD 2025 covers all aspects of innovative commercial or industrial-strength data management systems and solutions. We also welcome novel applications of data management systems and experience in applying recent research advances to problems relevant to the database industry.  
 Each submission must include at least one  author with a non-academic affiliation.  
 Submission Guidelines  
 We accept full papers (up to 12 pages + references). The papers should be prepared using the latest standard ACM paper format (see detailed instructions below). Submissions should be uploaded at: https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/SIGMODIndustry2025   
 Submissions to the industrial track are not double-anonymous. Each submission must include all author names and affiliations. Changes to the author list after paper acceptance are not permitted. In case an exceptional situation arises necessitating a change in the author list, the situation needs to be explained via email to the industrial track chairs, who will decide whether to approve the change. Authors are encouraged to contact the industrial track chairs if they need clarification regarding the suitability of their work to this track.  
 Important Dates  
 All deadlines below are 11:59 PM Pacific Time.  
 Paper submission: Monday, | December 2 | December 9, 2024 
  Notification of accept/reject: Monday, | February 17 | February 24, 2025 
  Camera-ready deadline: Monday, April 7, 2025 
  Formatting  
 The ACM template changed in 2017. Make sure you are using the latest version. Industrial papers must follow the ACM Proceedings Format, using either the sample-sigconf.tex or Interim layout.docx template provided at https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template  for LaTeX (version 2e) or Word, respectively. The margins, inter-column spacing, and line spacing in the templates must be kept unchanged. Any submitted paper violating the length, file type, or formatting requirements will be rejected without review.  

  
Call for papers data: 
    
   ACM SIGMOD/PODS  International Conference on Management of Data, June 22-27, 2025 Berlin, Germany    
   
 Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  SIGMOD Tutorial PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Conference Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Tourism 
  About Germany 
    
 Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Program  
 Accepted Papers 
  PODS Program  
 Accepted Papers 

 Diversity and Inclusion in Database Conference Venues  
 The Data Management community is committed to the promotion of diversity and inclusion in all aspects of our professional activities. We celebrate the diversity in our community and welcome everyone regardless of age, gender identity, race, ethnicity, socioeconomic background, country of origin, religion, sexual orientation, physical ability, education, and work experience. We also welcome people and opinions of all political persuasions, as long as they abide by the ACM policy against harassment  . Our initiative coordinates D&I efforts across the data management community and includes this year’s D&I chairs of SIGMOD, VLDB, SoCC, and ICDE.  
 For more information, please refer to https://dbdni.github.io/   
 Please follow this webpage for updates on the steps we are taking to enhance the inclusivity and diversity of our conference and community. As we pursue more initiatives, we may have some missteps. We value your feedback and ideas to help us all build a healthier and more welcoming community.  
 INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY IN WRITING  
 As a large scientific and technical community that has a direct impact on many people from different backgrounds around the world, Diversity and Inclusion are crucial for the data management community. ACM explains these goals as follows. Diversity is achieved when the individuals around the table are drawn from a variety of backgrounds and experience, leading to a breadth of viewpoints, reasoning, and approaches (also referred to as "the who"). Inclusion is achieved when the environment is characterized by behaviors that welcome and embrace diversity ("the how"). Both are important in our writing and other forms of communication such as posters and talks.  
 Inclusion  
 Be mindful of not using language or examples that further the marginalization stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Of course, exclusionary or indifferent treatment can arise unintentionally. Be vigilant and actively guard against such issues in your writing. Reviewers will also be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise in your submissions. Here are some examples of such issues for your benefit:  
  
 Examples of exclusionary and other non-inclusive writing to consider avoiding:   
 Implicit assumption: | An example of database integrity constraints: "Every person has a mother and a father." This example is exclusionary and potentially hurtful to people from single-parent households and people with same-sex parents. 
  Oppressive terminology: | Using the term "Master-Slave" to describe a distributed data system architecture. This can be hurtful to people whose families have suffered the inhumanity of enslavement. A good source of alternative terms to oppressive language often used in computer science can be found in | this article | . 
  Marginalization of URGs: | An example of attribute domains: "The Gender attribute is either Male or Female." This example is exclusionary and potentially hurtful to people who are intersex, transgender, third gender, two-spirit, agender, or have other non-binary gender identities. 
  Lack of accessibility: | Using color alone to convey information in a plot when good alternative data visualization schemes exist. This can be exclusionary to people who are color-blind. Please consider using patterns, symbols and textures to emphasize and contrast visual elements in graphs and figures, rather than using colors alone. Use a color-blind friendly palette that is designed with accessibility for visually impaired people. Avoid bad color combinations such as green/red or blue/purple 
  Stereotyping: | Reinforcing gender stereotypes in names or examples of roles, e.g., using only feminine names or presentations for personal secretary or assistant roles. 
   
 Diversity  
 Going further, please also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation helps create an environment and community culture that could ultimately make our field more welcoming and attractive to people from URGs. This is a small but crucial step you can take towards celebrating and improving our community’s diversity.  
 Examples of infusing diversity into writing to consider adopting:   
 Embracing different cultures: | Names of people are a visible way to enhance diversity of representation in writing. Instead of reusing overused names in computing such as Alice and Bob, consider using names from a variety of languages, cultures, and nationalities, e.g., Alvarez and Bano. Avail of the many online resources on this front for ideas, e.g., | this article | on names across different cultures. 
  Embracing differences in figures: | Depictions of people or people-like icons in illustrations are also a good avenue to enhance diversity of representation. Consider depicting people of different gender presentations, skin colors, ability status, and other visible attributes of people. 
  Embracing gender diversity in pronouns: | Consider using a variety of gender pronouns across your named examples consciously, including "he/him/his," "she/her/hers," and "they/them/theirs". Likewise, consider using gender-neutral nouns when referring to generic roles, e.g., "chairperson" or just "chair" instead of "chairman," and gender-neutral pronouns for such roles. 
   
 Responsibility  
 Finally, if your work involves data-driven techniques that make decisions about people, please consider explicitly discussing whether it may lead to disparate impact on different groups, especially URGs. Consider discussing the ethical and societal implications. For example, see this article  discussing the potential for disparate impact of facial recognition in healthcare and strategies to avoid or reduce harm. This SIGMOD Blog article  also gives a comprehensive overview of various dimensions and approaches for responsible application of data management ideas. We hope our community can help permeate this culture of responsibility and awareness about potentially harmful unintended negative consequences of our work within the larger computing landscape.  
 Acknowledgments and Further Reading:  
  
 ACM Diversity and Inclusion: | https://www.acm.org/diversity-inclusion 
  ACM SIGMOD Blog article on "Data, Responsibly": | http://wp.sigmod.org/?p=1900 
  AMA Journal of Ethics article on "What Are Important Ethical Implications of Using Facial Recognition Technology in Health Care?": | https://journalofethics.ama-assn.org/article/what-are-important-ethical-implications-using-facial-recognition-technology-health-care/2019-02 
  Article on "Inclusive CS Examples": | https://medium.com/@arunis100/inclusive-cs-examples-b5f40e003815 
  Article on "Terminology, Power and Oppressive Language": | https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-knodel-terminology-00.html 
  Helpful materials from UCSD CSE Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Committee: | https://cse.ucsd.edu/diversity/videos 
  NeurIPS CFP on Broader Impact Statement: | https://nips.cc/Conferences/2020/CallForPapers 
  Wikipedia listing of names across cultures: | https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Names_by_culture 

 Credits   
  Follow our progress:      

  Important dates data: 
undefined

2. Conference SQM_0:
Home 
  About 
  Venue 
  Topics 
  Committees 
  Submissions 
  Archives | International Quality Conferences | 9. International Quality Conference 
  8. International Quality Confernece 
  7. International Quality Conference 
  6. International Quality Conference 
  5. International Quality Conference 
  4. International Quality Conference 
  3. International Quality Conference 
  International Conference on Quality of Life | 3. International Conference on Quality of Life 
  2. International Conference on Quality of Life 
  1. International Conference on Quality of Life 
  Quality Festival | Quality Festival 2023 
  Quality Festival 2019 
  Quality Festival 2015 
  Quality Festival 2014 
  Quality Festival 2013 
  Quality Festival 2012 
  Quality Festival 2011 
  Quality Festival 2010 
  Quality Festival 2009 
  Quality Festival 2008 
  Quality Festival 2007 
  Quality Festival 2006 
  Quality Festival 2005 
  Contact 

 2025  
  Quality Festival  Conference  
 21-23. May 2025.  
 Conference opening event will go live on stream on May 21 st  - 11 am  CET  
 To play the stream press the play button!  
  -->   
  
 QUALITY, EDUCATION AND INNOVATION  
 Road to Sustainable Success  
   
 Dear friends,  
   
  We are glad to announce the Quality Festival 2025!  
  The festival will be held at the 21-23. May 2025 at the Faculty of Engineering, University of Kragujevac.  
   
  We invite you to submit your manuscripts and participate in this important event. More information about the festival, including the call for papers, will be available soon.  
   
  Thank you for your interest!  
 Sincerely yours,  
  Prof. dr Miladin Stefanović  
   
 Where  
 Faculty of Engineering  
 Sestre Janjic 6, 34000 Kragujevac, Serbia  
 In cooperation with  
 Center for Quality, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, University of Montenegro  
 Association for Quality and Standardization of Serbia  
 International Association for Quality and Quality of Life Research  
 Industrial University of Tyumen, Russian Federation  
 Ecole Nationale des Sciences Appliquées - ENSA Kenitra, Morocco  
 Tashkent State Transport University, Uzbekistan  
 Phone numbers  
 +381 (0) 34 302 591  
 +381 (0) 34 335 990  
   
 When  
 Wednesday to Saturday  
  May, 21 th  to May, 23 th  , 2025  
 Support by  
 Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  

  Engineering Academy of Serbia  

  Belt and Road Institute Belgrade  

 Keynote Speakers  
 Here are keynote speakers  
   
 International conference:  
 dr Slavko Arsovski, Editor in Chief, International Journal for Quality Research 
   
  dr Goran Putnik, University og Mihno, Portugal 
   
  Alaa Garad, SFHEA, FRSA, PhD - Alm College Dundee, UK 
   
  Yury Klockov - Клочков Юрий Сергеевич, Industrial University of Tyumen, Russian Federation 
   
  dr. Kissi Chaimae, ENSA Kenitra, Morocco 
   
  Elena Popkova, RUDN, Moscow, Russian Federation 
   
  In cooperation with  
   
 Center for Quality, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, University of Montenegro  
 International Association for Quality and Quality of Life Research  
 Industrial University of Tyumen, Russian Federation  
 Ecole Nationale des Sciences Appliquées - ENSA Kenitra, Morocco  
 Tashkent State Transport University, Uzbekistan  

 Conferences  
 Event venue info and gallery  

 Quality Festival is covering:  
 International Quality Conference 
   
  Internatinal Conference on Quality of Life 
   
  Conference on Ethical implication of AI 
   
  National Quality Conference 
   
  Conference of Industrial engineering and amnagement students 
   
  Keeping tradition of:  
 Savetovanje SQM 
  International conference ICQME |  

 Faculty of Engineering, Object B.  
 The Faculty of Engineering belongs to a group of the most distinguished and most prestigious scientific-educational institutions from the area of technical sciences.  
   
  Today, it is a modern scientific-educational institution with clearly defined mission, vision objectives and program orientation. Education at the Faculty of Engineering includes a whole spectrum of development of modern and contemporary technology, in accordance with the European trends, ideally placed not only for practical profession, but also as a basis for efficient creative work as well.  

 HOTELS  
 Suggested accommodations  

 Hotel Kragujevac   
      
 1.8 km from the Venue  

 Hotel Šumarice   
      
 3 km from the Venue  

 Hotel Zelengora   
      
 2 km from the Venue  

  HOW TO GET FROM BELGRADE NIKOLA TESLA AIRPORT TO THE CITY CENTRE  
  Download city guide    

  THINGS TO DO IN KRAGUJEVAC CITY  
  Download city guide    

 Scientific focus - Quality Festival 2025  
 Participants are invited to submit their paper proposals within the following fields of topics:  
   
 Scientific focus 1: Quality, broad perspective   

 Scientific focus 2: Quality Engineering and Management   

 Scientific focus 3: Quality and industry   

 Scientific focus 4: Quality in specific sectors and industries   

 1.  The Future of Quality and Organizational Excellence  
  2.  Business and Organizational Excellence  
  3.  Business and quality models  
  4.  Business process improvement  
  5.  Business Dynamics  
  6.  Leadership  
  7.  Customer Satisfaction  

 1.  Quality Tools  
  2.  Integrated Management Systems  
  3.  Occupational Health, Safety and Welfare in Manufacturing  
  4.  Quality and Safety in Food Production and Distribution  
  5.  Energy Management, Environmental Management and Waste Management  
  6.  Risk management and resilience  
  7.  Information security  
  8.  Operational Research and Quality Management  
  9.  Quality Engineering  
  10.  Process Innovation  
  11.  Supply Chain Quality Management  
  12.  Total Quality Management  

 1.  Road to Industry 4.0  
  2.  Quality 4.0  
  3.  Quality in industry  
  4.  Reliability & Maintenance  
  5.  Standardization  
  6.  Metrology and quality control  
  7.  Sustainability  
  8.  Lean Management  
  9.  WCM - World class manufacturing  

 1.  Quality management and reliability in the Aerospace industry  
  2.  Quality in automotive industry  
  3.  Quality in (higher) education  
  4.  Quality of EFL skill development  
  5.  Quality of ESP skill development  
  6.  Quality of EFL teaching and learning  
  7.  Quality of ESP teaching and learning  
  8.  Quality in tourism, hospitality and leisure  
  9.  Quality in human resource development  
  10.  Quality in finances and economy  
  11.  Quality in Urbanisam and Public sector  
  12.  Quality Management Entrepreneurship and Innovation  
  13.  Quality and testing of software  
  14.  Quality Management in different activity sectors  
  15.  Quality in media  
  16.  Quality and learning technologies  
  17.  Quality of GUIs, 3D modelling and animation technology  

 Scientific focus 5: Quality of life   

 Scientific focus 6: Sustainable growth   

 Scientific focus 7: Quality, innovation and technology transfer   

 Ethical implication of AI (Editor Elena Popkova) ( Read more  )   

 The Fourth Festival of ideas. List of topics is following, but not limited to:  
 1.  Global dynamics  
  2.  Global economy  
  3.  Business and society  
  4.  Focus on EU  
  5.  Knowledge and society  
  6.  Education  
  7.  Health and environment  
  8.  Science, technology and innovation  
  9.  Urban Environment  
  10.  Smart specialization  

 1.  Quality and regional competitiveness  
  2.  Quality and culture  
  3.  Quality and creativity  
  4.  Quality and smart economy  
  5.  Quality and smart environment  
  6.  Quality and smart living  
  7.  Quality and innovation districts  
  8.  Quality and smart specialization  
  9.  Quality and leadership for smart growth  

 1.  Culture of Entrepreneurship - Academic entrepreneurship: institutional and organizational perspectives  
  2.  Creating an inclusive innovation ecosystem: Universities driving regional growth  
  3.  Technology transfer and intellectual property  
  4.  Portfolio Management  
  5.  Lean Startup Basics  
  6.  Design Thinking  
  7.  Growth Management  
  8.  Product Management  
  9.  Innovation centers, technology centers, parks and districts  

 1.  Philosophy and culture of ethical use of artificial intelligence  
  2.  Ethics of organization of work and workplaces in the use of artificial intelligence  
  3.  Ethical requirements for rationality in decision making with intelligent support from artificial intelligence  
  4.  Ethics of human resource management in smart manufacturing  
  5.  Ethical marketing with the use of artificial intelligence in sales  
  6.  Ethical application of artificial intelligence in public administration and provision of public services  
  7.  Ethical issues of functioning and development of “smart” territories (regions, cities, rural areas)  
  8.  Specifics of ethical application of artificial intelligence by sectors of the digital economy  

 Selected manuscripts will be published in:   
  1. International Journal for Quality Research (ISSN: 1800-6450) (SCI, Scopus)  
  2. Tribology in Industry (ISSN: 0354-8996) (Scopus)  
  3. Proceedings on Engineering Sciences (ISSN: 2620-2832) (Scopus)  

  IJQR    

  Tribology in Industry    

  PES    

 Official languages:   
   
  International Quality Conference languages are English and Russian, while for the National Quality Conference, it is Serbian.  
  Abstracts should be written in the language of the presentation (one the official Conference languages).  
  The registration for the Conference should contain the following elements:  
  (1) Name and surname of the author/authors  
  (2) Author’s/authors’ affiliation  
  (3) E-mail address of the author/authors  
  (4) Title of the paper (up to 10 words)  
  (5) Abstract (150-250 words) with a clear description of aims, methodology and expected results of the research.  
   
  Abstract submission: March 15 th  2025   
  Notification of acceptance will be sent by March 20 th  2025   
  Abstracts will be assessed by the members of Scientific Committee using the following criteria: originality and relevance of research topic, clarity and quality of the methodology as well as scientific contribution.  
  Full paper submission due April 30 th  2025   
  Notification of paper acceptance will be sent by May 10 th  2025   
   
  Publishing ethics:   
   
  We promote integrity in research publication so we support and advocate usage of COPE comprehensive guidelines and advice for our editors, and authors.  
   
  Payments:   
   
  Conference fee for publishing in IJQR 350 Euros  
  Conference fee for publishing in PES 250 Euros  
  Regular fee 150 Euros  
   
  Contact   
   
  For more information use the contact mail:  
  cqm@kg.ac.rs   

 Quality Festival 2025 – Programme Committee  
  
  Scientific board:   
 Slavko Arsovski, Faculty of Engineering, University of Kragujevac, Kragujevac, Serbia, president   

 Zdravko Krivokapić, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, University of Montenegro, Podgorica Montenegro, vice president  

 Elena G. Popkova - RUDN University, Moscow, Russia  

 Alaa Garad, SFHEA, FRSA, PhD - Alm College Dundee, UK  

 Yury Klockov - Клочков Юрий Сергеевич, Industrial University of Tyumen, Russian Federation  

 Dominik Zimon, Rzeszow University of Technology, Rzeszow, Poland  

  Program Scientific Committee:   
 1. Miladin Stefanvic, Faculty of Engineering, University of Kragujevac, president, Serbia  
  Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University  

 2. Aleksandar Vujović, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, University of Montenegro, Podgorica Montenegro, co-president, Montenegro  

 3. Abd-Elrahman, Ain Shams University Faculty of Commerce, Cairo, Egypt  

 4. Aleksei V. Bogoviz - Independent researcher, Moscow, Russia  

 5. Ali Ahmadi Awwad Rawabdeh, Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences, Yarmouk University Irbid, Jordan  

 6. Alina-Andreea Dragoescu Urlica, U.S.A.M.V.B. Timişoara, România  

 7. Ayşegül Akdogan Eker, Yıldız Technical, University Mechanical Faculty, Beşiktaş/İstanbul, Turkey  

 8. Bojan Lalic, Faculty of Technical Sciences, University of Novi Sad, Serbia  

 9. Bruno S. Sergi - Harvard University, USA and University of Messina, Italy  

 10. Bülent Eker, Namık Kemal University, Tekirdağ, Turkey  

 11. Changiz Valmohammadi, Taylor's University, Malaysia  

 12. Cristiano Fragassa, Alma Mater Studiorum Universita di Bologna, Italy  

 13. Elena G. Popkova - RUDN University, Moscow, Russia  

 14. Evandro Eduardo Broday, Federal University of Technology Paraná, Paraná, Brasil  

 15. Ezendu Ariwa, London Metropolitan Business School, London Metropolitan University, UK  

 16. George F. Fragulis, Western Macedonia University of Applied Sciences, Kila, Greece  

 17. Goran Putnik, University of Minho, Braga, Portugal  

 18. Ibrahim Badi, Department Mechanical Engineering, Misurata University, Misurata, Libya  

 19. Iñaki Heras, Universidad del País Vasco, San Sebastian, Spain  

 20. Jelena Sakovic Jovanovic, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, University of Montenegro, Podgorica Montenegro  

 21. Jovan Filipovic, Faculty of Organizational Sciences, University of Belgrade, Serbia  

 22. Krešimir Buntak, University North, Koprivnica-Varaždin, Croatia, Croatia  

 23. Lula Paweł, Cracow University of Economics, Poland  

 24. Martí Casadesús, AQU Catalunya, Barcelona, Spain  

 25. Michael Olarewaju Ogundele, Department of Education Foundations, Faculty of Education, University of Jos, Jos, Nigeria  

 26. Milan Erić, Faculty of Engineering, University of Kragujevac, Serbia  

 27. Miodrag Lazić, Faculty of Engineering, University of Kragujevac, Kragujevac, Serbia  

 28. Muafi, Universitas Islam Indonesia Yogyakarta, Indonesia  

 29. Nenad Simeunovic, , Faculty of Technical Sciences, University of Novi Sad , Serbia  

 30. Nikola Stefanovic, Singidunum University, Beograd, Serbia  

 31. Norizan Kassim, University of Nizwa, Oman  

 32. Pablo Cabanelas, University of Vigo, Spain  

 33. Paul M. Andre, AQE Group, Chicago, Illinois, USA  

 34. Prasun Das, SQC & OR Division of the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI), Kolkata, India  

 35. Samuel Fosso Wamba, Toulouse Business School, Federal University of Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées Toulouse, France  

 36. Stanislav Karapetrović, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Canada  

 37. Tadeja Jere Jakulin, University of Primorska, Koper, Slovenia  

 38. Tadeusz Sikora, The Department of Quality Management, Cracow University of Economics, Kraków Poland  

 39. Ugljesa Marjanovic, Faculty of Technical Sciences, University of Novi Sad, Serbia  

 40. Vesna Spasojevic Brkic, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, University of Belgrad, Serbia  

 41. Vladimir Senic, Faculty of Hotel Management and Tourism, University of Kragujevac, Serbia  

 42. Zora Arsovski, Faculty Of Economics, University of Kragujevac, Kragujevac, Serbia  

 43. Roman Tsarev, International Academy of Science and Technologies, Moscow, Russian Federation  

 44. Ionel Bostan, Cuza University, Romania  

 45. Danijela Ćirić Lalić, Universty of Novi Sad, Serbia  

 46. Anurag Hazarika, Tezpur Central University, India  

 47. Dinh Tran Ngoc Huy, International University of Japan, Japan  

 48. Samrad Jafarian-Namin, Yazd University, Iran  

 49. Yakuthan K. Karrieva, Tashkent State University of Economics, Tashkent, Uzbekistan  

 50. Shakhlo T. Ergasheva, Tashkent State University of Economics, Tashkent, Uzbekistan  

 51. Zorana Tanasić, University of Banja Luka Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina  

 52.Imadeddine Oubrahim, Abdelmalek Essaadi University, Faculty of Sciences and Techniques of Tangier, Morocco  

 53.Ferhane Ahmed, Vice Dean of Research, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, Morocco  

 54. Srifi Nabil, Director, ENSA Kenitra , Morocco  

 55. Ebn Touhami Mohamed, Dean, Faculty of Sciences, Kenitra , Morocco  

 56. Qafas Ahlam, School of Business, Kenitra, Morocco  

 57. Youssef El Mrabet, Faculty of Sciences, Kenitra, Morocco  

 58. Medvedkina Evgenia, Don State Technical University, Russia  

 59. Grafova Tatyana, Rostov State Transport University, Russia  

 60. Anurag Hazarika, Tezpur University, Assam, India  

 61. Irina Sokolova, Don State Technical University, Russia  

 62. Nadezhda Fedko,Don State Technical University, Russia  

 63. Alina Borysova, Associate Professor, Kharkiv State Academy of Culture, Ukraine  

 64. Roberto Maurice Robert, Chancellor and President of 21st CMI INSTITUTE AND ACADEMY, USA  

 65. Samikshya Madhukullya, Tezpur University, India  

 66. Anwesha Hazarika, Cotton University, India  

 65. Tulkin Z. Teshabaev, Tashkent State University of Economics, Uzbekistan  

 67. Sultonali U. Mekhmonov, Tashkent State University of Economics, Uzbekistan  

 68. Shakhlo T. Ergasheva, Tashkent State University of Economics, Uzbekistan  

 69. Alexandru Manole, Rector of the ARTIFEX University, Romania  

 70. Emmanuel Ivorgba, Chancellor and President of Global Interfaith University, USA  

 71. Desislava Varadzhakova, National Institute of Geophysics, Geodesy and Geography at Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria  

 Organizational committee:   
  
  Aleksandar Đorđević, Faculty of Engineering, University of Kragujevac, Kragujevac, Serbia, president   

 Amrani Ayoub, Faculty of Sciences, Kenitra, Morroco  

 Marija Zahar Đorđević, Faculty of Engineering, University of Kragujevac, Kragujevac, Serbia,  

 Hrvoje Puškarić, Akademija Šumadija, Odsek Kragujevac, Kragujevac, Serbia  

 Miloš Petronijević, Center for Quality Associate, Faculty of Engineering, Serbia  

 Sadnra Stefanovic, Faculty of Engineering, Serbia  

 Ivan Savović, Center for Quality Associate, Faculty of Engineering, Serbia  

 Contact Us  
 Center for Quality, Faculty of Engineering, University of Kragujevac  
   
  Address  
 Sestre Janjić 6, 34000, Kragujevac    
   
  Phone Number  
 +381 (0) 34 302 591   

  Email  
 cqm@kg.ac.rs   

 Your message has been sent. Thank you!   

 Send Message    

  We expect from the conferences to bring together professionals from around the world to actively discuss and share their views and experience on the challenges and prospects from field of quality. We are pleased to invite you to take part in this important event.  
   
 Our support  
 Center for Quality 
  International Journal for Quality Research 
  Proceedings on Engineering Sciences 
  Faculty of Engineering 
  University of Kragujevac 
    
 Useful Links  
 Home 
  Center for Quality, Montenegro 
  Association for Quality and Standardization Serbia 
  The European Organization for Quality 
    
 Contact Us  
 Faculty of Engineering,  
  University of Kragujevac  
  Sestre Janjić, 6  
  34000 Kragujevc Serbia  
  Phone:  +381 (0) 34 302 591  
  Email:  cqm@kg.ac.rs  

 © Copyright Quality Festival 2025  . All Rights Reserved   
 Copyright © 2025 Center for Quality – Kragujevac. All Rights Reserved.   

    
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

3. Conference SQM_1:
JavaScript is disabled on your browser, which may inhibit the functionality of the website. Certain elements, such as navigation, buttons, or forms, may not function properly until JavaScript is enabled. Read more on how to enable JavaScript on your browser  .  To restore site functionality, please enable JavaScript  .    

  Top 10 Call Center Quality Assurance Best Practices    
 Login  Blog    

 Auto QA | my  SQM™ - Auto QA Solution  
 Our Auto QA solution uses AI to evaluate 100% of the calls. my  SQM™ auto QA tool provides ROI of up to 600% and improve customer satisfaction scores, reducing repeat calls by up to 10%.   
 Learn More  
   Auto QA Overview   Auto QA 
  Personalized Intelligence | Rewards & Recognition 
  Agent Self-Coaching 
  CX Benchmarking 
  Agent Self-Training 
  Business Case 
  Research | Contact Center Research  
 SQM can measure, track, benchmark, and identify improvement opportunities in your customer service, FCR, NPS, Csat, CX, and employee engagement metrics.   
 Learn More  
   Research Overview   Call Center Benchmark Study 
  Customer Experience Studies 
  CX Multi-Channel Studies 
  Employee Experience Studies 
  Awarding | Customer Service Awards  
 Since 1998, SQM’s contact center industry awards have recognized top-performing call centers and employees for first call resolution, customer satisfaction, employee engagement, and CX best practices.   
 Learn More  
   Awarding Overview   Awards Program | Awards Program Details 
  Customer Experience Awards 
  Employee Experience Awards 
  FCR Best Practice Awards 
  Award Winners | 2023 Winners 
  2022 Winners 
  2021 Winners 
  Past Winners 
  Nomination Process | Agent of the Year Award 
  Supervisor of the Year Award 
  Agent CX Improvement Award 
  FCR Best Practice Awards 
  CX Leader Award 
  CX Certification 
  Conference 
  Resources | Resources to Improve Performance  
 SQM’s resources are designed for helping contact centers, supervisors, and agents improve first call resolution, customer service, cost, employee engagement, and customer satisfaction.   
 Learn More  
   Resources Overview   Library | Blog 
  Case Studies 
  White Papers 
  Client CX Award Stories 
  Videos 
  Books 
  Tools | mySQM™ Auto QA ROI Calculator 
  Outside-In QA Questionnaire 
  Leadership Styles Questionnaire 
  Sample Size Calculator 
  Random List Generator 
  Company | About SQM Group  
 SQM Group is a call center auto QA solutions provider. Our automated QA solution helps call centers and agents provide great customer satisfaction while minimizing quality assurance costs.   
 Learn More  
   Company Overview   Contact Us 
  Clients 
  Leadership Team 
  Career Opportunities 
  Do Not Contact List 
  QA Demo   
    
 Auto QA | Auto QA 
  my  SQM™ - Auto QA Solution  
 Our Auto QA solution uses AI to evaluate 100% of the calls. my  SQM™ auto QA tool provides ROI of up to 600% and improve customer satisfaction scores, reducing repeat calls by up to 10%.   
 Learn More 
  Auto QA 
  Personalized Intelligence | Personalized Intelligence 
  Personalized Intelligence  
 Personalized Intelligence™, a suite of six SQM proprietary features designed to help customer service representatives improve their customer experience.   
 Learn More 
  Rewards & Recognition 
  Agent Self-Coaching 
  CX Benchmarking 
  Agent Self-Training 
  Business Case 
  Research | Research 
  Contact Center Research  
 SQM can measure, track, benchmark, and identify improvement opportunities in your customer service, FCR, NPS, Csat, CX, and employee engagement metrics.   
 Learn More 
  Call Center Benchmark Study 
  Customer Experience Studies 
  CX Multi-Channel Studies 
  Employee Experience Studies 
  Awarding | Awarding 
  Customer Service Awards  
 Since 1998, SQM’s contact center industry awards have recognized top-performing call centers and employees for first call resolution, customer satisfaction, employee engagement, and CX best practices.   
 Learn More 
  Awards Program | Awards Program 
  Awards Program  
 First Call Resolution CX Best Practice Awards based on customers who have used a contact center.   
 Learn More 
  Awards Program Details 
  Customer Experience Awards 
  Employee Experience Awards 
  FCR Best Practice Awards 
  Award Winners | Award Winners 
  Call Center Customer Service Industry Award Winners  
 View the latest winners of SQM's Call Center Customer Service Industry Awards, recognizing top-performing call centers and their employees.   
 Learn More 
  2023 Winners 
  2022 Winners 
  2021 Winners 
  Past Winners 
  Nomination Process | Nomination Process 
  Nomination Process  
 Our Call Center Awards Program acknowledges organizations that have demonstrated best practices that have improved or helped maintain high FCR.   
 Learn More 
  Agent of the Year Award 
  Supervisor of the Year Award 
  Agent CX Improvement Award 
  FCR Best Practice Awards 
  CX Leader Award 
  CX Certification 
  Conference 
  Resources | Resources 
  Resources to Improve Performance  
 SQM’s resources are designed for helping contact centers, supervisors, and agents improve first call resolution, customer service, cost, employee engagement, and customer satisfaction.   
 Learn More 
  Library | Library 
  Library  
 Take advantage of 25 years of CX expertise, leverage knowledge and experience for your contact channel, and get direction in pursuit of world-class CX mastery.   
 Learn More 
  Blog 
  Case Studies 
  White Papers 
  Client CX Award Stories 
  Videos 
  Books 
  Tools | Tools 
  Tools  
 SQM provides tools to find operational savings your call center will gain by using our services.   
 Learn More 
  mySQM™ Auto QA ROI Calculator 
  Outside-In QA Questionnaire 
  Leadership Styles Questionnaire 
  Sample Size Calculator 
  Random List Generator 
  Company | Company 
  About SQM Group  
 SQM Group is a call center auto QA solutions provider. Our automated QA solution helps call centers and agents provide great customer satisfaction while minimizing quality assurance costs.   
 Learn More 
  Contact Us 
  Clients 
  Leadership Team 
  Career Opportunities 
  Do Not Contact List 
  QA Demo 
   
 ×  Conference  
   
    Name Required      
 Company Required      
 How many agents work in your call center? Required   ** None  500+  251-500  101-250  1-100  I don't have a call center but I am interested in your research  I don't have a call center but I am interested in your awards     
 Email Address Required      
 In accordance with SQM Group's Privacy Policy  , you must check the box to demonstrate express consent.  
 Consent Required    I agree to receive other communication from SQM Group.    

 Note:  SQM Competitors are not eligible to review my  SQM™ QA Demo  

 Submit    

 SQM Group 
  Awarding 
  Conference 

 26 th  Annual Call Center Industry CX/QA Conference & Awards Ceremony  
 April 30 & May 1, 2025  , DeSoto Hotel, Savannah, Georgia  
 Updated August 29, 2024   

   Conference    
 Registration 

 Call Center Industry  – CX/QA Conference & Industry Awards  
 Year after year, attendees give SQM's CX Conference world-class ratings. Be sure to register early, as this event sells out every year!  
 Join us for this spectacular CX learning and CX celebration event at the beautiful DeSoto (4-Star) Hotel in Savannah, Georgia   . SQM's 2025 CX Conference and Industry Awards will occur on April 30th and May 1st with proven award-winning CX best practices speakers.  
 SQM will recognize award-winning call centers  and frontline employee performances  for 50+ award categories  , including Call Center of the Year, Agent and Supervisor of the Year, World Class Certification  , and CX Best Practices  . Our awards and certification programs are the most credible and rewarding recognition programs in the call center industry because they are based on customers' experiences using call centers and the employees working in them.  
 Great learning opportunities at the event for attendees  such as executive (by invite only) or management/supervisor best practice learning tracks, benefiting from networking opportunities and participating in the CX success appreciation day activities. Attendees will discover ground-breaking CX/QA research and learn best practices to improve their customers' experiences when contacting their organization and quality assurance. After relaxing and indulging in experiences that will last you a lifetime, we end the conference with a black-tie gala awards CX celebration ceremony!  

 2025 Conference Pricing   
 $3,500 for Executive Track* (Invitation Only) or $4,000 for Executive Track* + CX Celebration Day (Invitation Only) 
  $2,400 for Supervisor/Management Track* or $2,900 for Supervisor/Management Track* + CX Celebration Day 
  $1,200 for CX Celebration Day* (a day to celebrate CX success with your team — everyone from executives to agents) 
  $400 for Awards Gala Night only 
  * Note:  Executive Track, Supervisor/Management Track, and CX Celebration Day include the Awards Gala Night.  
 Taxi or Uber   
 $30 to $50 each way to/from Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport 
  Promotional Offer  
 Early Bird: 10% off if registered and paid by January 31st 
  Group: 10% off if booking for 10 or more for Conference Executive/Management Tracks 

 CX Best Practices Conference Topics  
 How to use Automated Quality Assurance to Monitor, Motivate, and Manage Agents to Deliver Great Customer Satisfaction 
  Using AI and Regression Analysis to Predict Csat Accurately 
  How mySQM™ QA Score Can Benchmark Quality Assurance 
  Real-time Recognition to Motivate Agents to Deliver Great CX 
  AI-Generated Agent Self-Coaching that Empowers them to Improve CX 
  How to Improve Agent Soft Skills, Empathy, and Friendliness with AI-driven Agent Self-Training 
  How to Improve Agent Engagement and Retention 
  Best Practices for Automating QA Call Compliance 
  How to Achieve High Internal Collaboration and Supervisor Support 
  How to Provide Agent Training Knowledge to Resolve Complex/Challenging Calls 
  Leveraging Customer Analytics and Intelligence Solutions to Improve Call Resolution/CX 
  What It Took to be Call Center of the Year Winner in 2024 
  What It Took to be Best Performing Small Call Center Winner in 2024 

 Highlights  
 85% of attendees rate this conference as world-class CX 
  Stay at DeSoto (4-Star) Hotel in Savannah, Georgia 
  Learn industry-proven strategies & tactics on how to improve CX & QA 
  Executive and Management CX/QA best practice learning tracks 
  CX/QA best practice presenters from award-winning call centers 
  Ground-breaking call center CX/QA research 
  Networking opportunities 
  Agent Appreciation Day activities 
  Awards ceremony celebration and gala dinner 

 Why You Should Attend  
 Since 1996, SQM has brought hundreds of call center, CX, QA, CRM, and research leaders together for its annual CX conference and industry awards gala. 85% of attendees rate this conference as world-class customer satisfaction. Attendees tell us what they like best about attending SQM's CX/QA conference is the information that SQM shares from its ground-breaking CX/QA research and the people, process, and technology best practices with a proven track record of improving CX.  

 Who Should Attend  
 Customer Experience Officers 
  Call center vice presidents, directors, and managers 
  Managers responsible for quality assurance 
  Staff managers who have responsibilities for improving CX 
  CX research, CX, and QA managers 
  Call center quality assurance leaders 
  Most importantly, World Class Certified frontline supervisors and agents 

 Registration Now Available  
 Registration is now open for our upcoming 2025 annual CX/QA conference and awards. Register today!  
   
 Register    

 Hotel & Event Location  
 DeSoto (4-Star) Hotel    
  15 East Liberty Street  
  Savannah, GA 31401  
  United States  Dates  
 April 30 & May 1, 2025   
 Reservation Information  
 The DeSoto Hotel in Savannah is approximately 11 miles from the Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport. Depending on traffic conditions, the drive typically takes 20-30 minutes.  
 Rooms for the conference will be available at a $239 rate. Guests can make reservations individually through the Reservations Department by calling 1-855-703-4655  and referencing the SQM hotel block code 2504SERVQL  .  

 Please note that Room Categories, Views, and Bed Types are not guaranteed. The SQM room block cut-off date is March 17, 2025, so reservations may no longer be guaranteed. Reservations can be canceled up to 7 days before arrival without penalty. No-shows will be charged the cost of the entire stay to the guest's credit card as a cancellation fee.  
 The DeSoto Hotel does not have transportation to the hotel, however, there are many options for transportation. Taxi and Uber rates are $30 - $50 to/from the Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport.  
 DeSoto (4-Star) Hotel   
 The DeSoto Savannah Hotel  , named after Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto, has a rich history dating back to 1890. Originally built as a luxurious destination for travelers and socialites, it has maintained its reputation as a premier hotel in Savannah for over a century. The hotel has undergone several renovations to preserve its historic charm while incorporating modern amenities. The hotel is in the heart of Savannah's historic district, making it an ideal location for exploring the city's cobblestone streets, historic homes, and lush public squares. The DeSoto is celebrated for its Southern hospitality and blend of classic elegance with contemporary comfort surroundings.  

 Hotel Amenities  
 The DeSoto Hotel is situated in Savannah's historic district 
  The best restaurants in Savannah's historic district 
  Each room is upscale, well-appointed, and designed with your enjoyment in mind 
  Complimentary WiFi internet access 
  Fitness facility and outdoor pool 
  Room services (morning until late evening) 
  Concierge staff will help you enjoy everything Savannah or the hotel has to offer 
  A luxury boutique-style spa located at the DeSoto 

 Rooms & Suites  
 Standard King or Double Rooms  : These rooms feature one king bed or two double beds, modern decor, and amenities such as flat-screen TVs, free WiFi, single-cup coffeemakers, and USB charging points. Bathrooms are upscale with marble finishes, glass walk-in showers or shower/tub combos, and eco-friendly toiletries​.  
 King One Bedroom Parlor Suite  : This suite offers a separate living area with a sleeper sofa, microwave, mini-refrigerator and a separate bedroom with a king bed. The suite also features luxurious cotton bedding, modern marble bathrooms, and glass walk-in showers.  

 Employee  Appreciation Activities  

 The DeSoto Hotel Spa   
 The DeSoto Hotel Spa is designed to provide guests with a relaxing and rejuvenating experience. The spa offers various services, including massages, facials, body treatments, and nail care. Each treatment is designed to relax the body and mind, leaving guests feeling refreshed and revitalized. The spa's experienced therapists and aestheticians are dedicated to providing personalized service. They take the time to understand each guest's needs and preferences to ensure a tailored and effective spa experience.  

 Culinary & Cultural Walking Food Tour   
 Eat your way through Savannah with a small-group history and culinary tour. With your guide, pop into several restaurants and stores specializing in authentic Southern classics, sample food, and pick up bits of Savannah history. A walking tour is a great way to spend time with other agents while learning about the culture and eating great food.  

 Narrated Historic Sightseeing Trolley Tour   
 Pack in a ton of sights in Savannah's Historic District without renting a car or taking a walking tour. This Savannah trolley tour lets you rest your feet as you ride and listen to your guide tell stories about the area's history. Plus, the trolley's open windows make it easy to take pictures.  

 Sip n Shop Savannah Tour   
 Shopping is fun, but this Savannah Historic District Sip and Shop Tour combines shopping with drinking for a great day out in the city. While you sip on Champagne or wine, your guide takes you to some of the best shops in the district, and each stop provides a discount for tourgoers. This experience is a great way to spend time with other agents who love to shop.  

 History Under the Influence Brewery Tour   
 Gray Line's "History Under the Influence" is a brand-new tour of Savannah. Explore Savannah's drinking history while visiting some of the city's most beloved breweries. Whether you're sampling adult beverages at Southbound Brewery or tasting unique flavors at Hop Atomica or Two Tides, this brewery tour will surely be a blast! You'll learn all about alcohol throughout the city's history and have fun with fellow agent beer lovers.  

 Guided Segway History Tour   
 Experience Savannah like never before on this guided, small-group Segway tour. As the US's largest National Historic Landmark District, Savannah offers over 20 city squares filled with historic homes, museums, churches, mansions, monuments, and the famous forts of the Revolutionary and Civil War eras. Learn about the history, as well as some fun, modern facts, of this great city. Guided Segway training is included.  

 “Savannah for Morons" Comedy Trolley Tour   
 Join Old Town Trolley Tour's newest comedy tour – “Savannah for Morons,” a comedy show on wheels that roasts nearly 300 years of Savannah lore in 90 fun-filled minutes. A quirky, saucy, and eccentric history lesson, perfect for morons and their (supposedly) smarter-ish friends, this tour features outrageously entertaining comedy skits, musical numbers, costume changes, a few absurd appearances, and loads of Savannah history.  

 Glide Through Savannah E-Bike Tour   
 Cycle through Savannah during a small-group sightseeing tour by e-bike. Meet your guide and set out on a scenic bike ride through the Savannah Historic District and see top landmarks, including Forsyth Park. Cover ground quickly with a battery-assisted e-bike and maximize time in Savannah. Explore the riverfront and learn about Savannah’s unique history and architecture along the way.  

 Registration Now Available  
 Registration is now open for our upcoming 2025 annual CX/QA conference and awards. Register today!  
   
 Register    

   Subscribe to the best source for call center blog posts on quality assurance, first call resolution, customer service research, and proven best practices for improving performance. Blog posts are delivered weekly.   

 Sign Up     

 AI-powered auto scoring determines QA and predicts Csat benchmarkable scores for every call, ensuring exceptional service delivery.  

 What We Do  
 Software 
  Research 
  Awarding 
    
 Who We Are  
 Company 
  Our Clients 
  Careers 
  Leadership 
    
 Popular Resources  
 Blog 
  Case Studies 
  Videos 
  White Papers 
  Tools 
    
 Connect With Us   
  USA: 1-888-972-0844  
  CAN: 1-800-446-2095  
  inform@sqmgroup.com    

 Privacy Policy  Terms of Use  Site Map  Do Not Contact    
 © 2024 SQM Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.    

  
Call for papers data: 
 Important dates data: 
undefined

4. Conference SQM_2:
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

5. Conference SQM_3:
Close    

   Nearby     Filter      Events   
    Companies   
    Experts   
    Hubs   

   Add Event    
   
   Login   

  Add a review    
 28 - 29 Mar 2025     
 International Conference of Software Quality Assurance Days Conference 2025  
   
  4.0 (1 Rating)  •  Conference    
   Crowne Plaza St. Petersburg Airport  , Saint Petersburg  , Russia  Get Directions         
        8  Followers    

  Select   Select   Save   Share    
 Interested  Request a Booth    
 Going    

 About | Exhibitors | Speakers | Reviews | Deals 
  
 Talk to people attending the event, share your expectations  
    
 Write a post here...   
   
 Post  

 The XXXV International Conference of Software Quality Assurance, "Software Quality Assurance Days," invites professionals to discuss key issues in quality assurance, testing techniques, team management, and more. Join leading experts, network, attend workshops, and gain valuable insights to enhance software quality and competitiveness.  
 Highlights  
 Popular among visitors for 
  Top 100 in IT & Technology in Russia     
   
 Listed In  
  IT & Technology   #Computer & Gadgets     

 Talk to people attending the event, share your expectations  
    
 Write a post here...   
   
 Post  

 Timings  
 09:00 AM-06:00 PM (expected)  
  Not Verified | Entry Fees  
 Check Official Website 
 Estimated Turnout  
 100 - 500  Delegates   
 Based on previous editions | Event Type  
  Conference 
 Editions  
 Mar 2025  Interested     
  +5 more editions   
   
  Frequency  Annual | Official Links  
 Website  Contacts         

  Report Error   
  Claim this event 
 Different Located Editions  Minsk, Belarus   15 - 16 Nov 2019   8 Followers 
 Organizer  
   Send Stall Book Request   
  Queries about the event?  Ask Organizer     
   
 SQA LAB   Russia  8  Total Events 
 59.806163  30.316954  Venue Map & Directions  
 Booking.com     
 Crowne Plaza St. Petersburg Airport    
 Startovaya 6 LIT A, Санкт-Петербург, Russia, 196210   
  Saint Petersburg  , Russia   
 Get Directions 

 Frequently Asked Questions Contact Organizer   
  What type of products / services will be showcased in the event?   
     
 Computer & Gadgets etc. are some of the products / services to be showcased in International Conference of Software Quality Assurance Days Conference.   
   Helpful    

  Can I get a list of speakers participating in the event?   
     
 To get the speaker list on mail register at the link  .   
   Helpful    

  Can I get a list of exhibitors participating in the event?   
     
 To get the exhibitor list on mail register at the link  .   
   Helpful    

  Ask More Questions    

 Write a Review  
   Add Your Review    

 User Rating  
  4.0 /5     
 1 Ratings 1 Reviews     
 5    

 4    

 1   
   
 3    

 2    

 1    

  User Reviews  
   4    
  20 Nov 2017    
 Francesca Mastinu  Visitor  Qa Engineer at Kuehne+Nagel  Tallinn, Estonia    
 I really appreciated the participation of international speakers.   
  Report   Helpful    Reply     

   Edition Mar 2025     
 How would you like to participate in this event?  
   
  Visitor     
  Exhibitor     
     Speaker     

 Followers [ Users who have shown interest for this Event ]  Join Community   Invite    
 All Profiles  Technical Director [1]  Student [1]  Business Development Manager [1]  Founder & Ceo [1]   All Countries  Russia  Morocco  Portugal  Tanzania  Bangladesh  India  Italy     
 Sort By  Top Profiles  Recommended     

 Aditi Singh   
  Business Development at Agami Technologies  
  Noida, India    
 Connect    

 Yasamin Ebrahimi   
  Student at ISEP  
  Porto, Portugal    
 Connect    

 Rasel Ahmed Chowdhury   
  Founder & Ceo at Racssoft  
  Uttara ABM, Bangladesh    
 Connect    

 Iddrisu Osman   
  Veterinary nurse at Animals Doctors veterinary clinic  
  Rabat, Morocco    
 Connect    

 SERGEY KOLOKOLNIKOV   
  NDT at ENERGODIAGNOSTIKA CO. LTD  
  Reutov, Russia    
 Connect    

 Alex Polikarpov   
   Moscow, Russia    
 Connect    

 Francesca Mastinu   
  Qa Engineer at Kuehne+Nagel  
  Florence, Italy    
 Connect    

  Add Profile   
  View More    

 59.806163  30.316954  Venue Map & Directions  
   Crowne Plaza St. Petersburg Airport    
 Startovaya 6 LIT A, Санкт-Петербург, Russia, 196210   
  Saint Petersburg  , Russia   
 Get Directions   
   
 More Events in Saint Petersburg  
  
 Dec 09 2024 | International Conference On Social Science And Humanities   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 
 Mar 26 2025 | International Exhibition Svarka/welding   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 
 Mar 31 2025 | Spinus Conference   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 
 Apr 15 2025 | InterStroyExpo - International Exhibition of Building, Finishing Materials and Engineering Equipment   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 
 May 22 2025 | International Transport Festival TransportFest   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 

  All Events in Saint Petersburg   

 https://10times.com/hub/technology-hub   

 Next step - Complete your profile   To mark your interest in International Conference of Software Quality Assurance Days Conference    
 Reach over 2M+ audience with 1 post!   
 Talk About Event  Ask Questions  Share Success    

 Complete your event journey   

 Network   
     
 Broadcast   
     
 Plan   
     
 Attend   
     
 Feedback   

 Related Events  
  
 Dec 12 2024 | Global Games Show    
  Dubai, UAE 
 Dec 12 2024 | Global AI Show Dubai    
  Dubai, UAE 
 Jan 13 2025 | BioLogic Summit    
  San Diego, USA 
 Dec 10 2024 | AI Summit Seoul    
  Seoul, South Korea 
 Feb 15 2025 | AI Revolution in Healthcare Summit Dubai    
  Dubai, UAE 

 More Events in Saint Petersburg  
  
 Dec 09 2024 | International Conference On Social Science And Humanities   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 
 Mar 26 2025 | International Exhibition Svarka/welding   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 
 Mar 31 2025 | Spinus Conference   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 
 Apr 15 2025 | InterStroyExpo - International Exhibition of Building, Finishing Materials and Engineering Equipment   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 
 May 22 2025 | International Transport Festival TransportFest   
  Saint Petersburg, Russia 

  All Events in Saint Petersburg   
  
 Featured Hotels  
  
 Crowne Plaza St.Petersburg Airp..   
     from RUB 3366 
 Студия у метро Московская   
   from RUB 1800 
 Pulkovo Hotel   
   from RUB 1054 
 Aparthotel Pulkovskoye Shosse   
   from RUB 2000 
  
 More Hotels    

   All Events 
  Conferences 
  Computer & Gadgets Conferences 
  Computer & Gadgets Events in Russia 
  Computer & Gadgets Events in Saint Petersburg 

                                            Loading...   

  Selected    

  About Us  FOR PARTNERS  Event Data Intelligence  BROWSE    
 Career | Join us  Event Management Software  List Event | Partner Login  All Events  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Media & Press Releases  Event Apps  Event Marketing  Trade Shows  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Help Center | FAQ  Event Website  Testimonials  Conferences  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Feedback  Event Venues  Blog  Companies    
  By continuing past this page, you agree to our Terms of Service  , Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy  and Content Policies. All trademarks are properties of their respective owners   
 © 2014-2024 - Ten Times Online Private Limited. All rights reserved.    

           
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

6. Conference SRDS_0:
Welcome to SRDS 2024  
 Charlotte, USA, Sep. 30 - Oct. 3, 2024  

  Welcome to SRDS 2024  
 Charlotte, USA, Sep. 30 - Oct. 3, 2024  

  Welcome to SRDS 2024  
 Charlotte, USA, Sep. 30 - Oct. 3, 2024  

  previous    next    Welcome to SRDS 2024  
 The 43rd International Symposium on Reliable Distributed Systems (SRDS 2024) is a forum for researchers and practitioners interested in distributed systems design, development and evaluation with an emphasis on reliability, availability, safety, dependability, security, verification and real-time aspects.  
 We welcome the following types of submissions:  
 research papers, describing original research as well as design, development and experimental results of distributed systems; 
  practical experience reports describing ongoing industrial projects, prototype systems and exploratory or emerging applications; 
  tool papers describing architecture, implementation and usage of substantive tools to support research, development and operation of reliable distributed systems. 
   
 Papers will be assessed with criteria appropriate to each category.  

  Important Dates  
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE  
  
 1 | Abstract Submission | April 26, 2024  May 3, 2024 
 2 | Full Paper Submission | May 3, 2024  May 10, 2024 
 3 | Notification to Authors | June 24, 2024 
 4 | Camera-Ready and author registration | July 5, 2024  August 19, 2024 
 5 | Conference dates | Sep. 30 - Oct. 3, 2024 

  Workshop ATSReDS  
 Advanced Techniques for Secure and Reliable Distributed Systems (ATSReDS)  
  
 1 | Paper Submission | July 01, 2024  July 10, 2024 
 2 | Acceptance notification | July 15, 2024  July 25, 2024 
 3 | Final paper (CRC) submission | July 31, 2024  August 10, 2024 
 4 | Workshop date | September 30, 2024 
  
 More details here  .  

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

7. Conference SRDS_1:
Program/Program Overview  
   
 The published program is preliminary, and some changes can happen in the next days!  
 All times are in EST timezone!  
  Monday, Sept 30  
 The ATSReDS workshop will be conducted online  .  
 Join the workshop through the following link  (This is exclusively  to the workshop ATSReDS. The remaining sessions will happen in-person).  
  
 09:00am - 9:10am | ATSReDS: Welcome and Opening Remarks 
 09:10am - 9:40am | ATSReDS: Keynote Speech #1: Nitin Auluck 
 09:40am - 10:10am | ATSReDS: Keynote Speech #2: Brij Bhooshan Gupta 
 10:10am - 10:30am | Coffee break 
 10:30am - 11:50am | ATSReDS Chair: Sachin Sharma  
 10:30 – 10:50, Paper Presentation 1: "Enhancing Security and Reliability in Distributed Systems: A Hybrid Approach Integrating Snort Rules and Machine Learning for Anomaly Detection" by Vishal Murgai et al. 
  10:50 – 11:10, Paper Presentation 2: "Enhanced Malware Detection in Distributed IoT Environment using Optimized Cascaded LSTM-GRU Framework" by Akshat Gaurav et al. 
  11:10 – 11:30, Paper Presentation 3: "Enhancing Distributed Security and Reliability in Semiconductor Supply Chains with Blockchain and Chemistry Integration" by Sharv Murgai 
  11:30 – 11:50, Paper Presentation 4: "Heart Failure Prediction: Machine Learning Application in Critical Care" by Himanshu Sharma et al. 
 11:50am - 12:00pm | Closing Remarks 
 05:00pm - 07:00pm | Registration 
 05:30pm – 07:30pm | Welcome Reception: Cone Center  (Room 208 or 210) 
  
  Tuesday, Oct 1  
  
 08:30am - 09:00am | Registration 
 09:00am - 9:30am | Opening 
 09:30am - 10:30am | Keynote speaker #1: Cristina Nita-Rotaru  Using Formal Methods to Understand the Security Risks of Distributed Protocols 
 10:30am - 11:00am | Coffee break 
 11:00am - 12:30pm | Research #1: Dependability Chair: Paulo Verissimo  
 "Harmonizing Repair and Maintenance in LRC-Coded Storage", K. Cheng, S. Wu, X. Li, P. Lee 
  "MSF-Model: Queuing-Based Analysis and Prediction of Metastable Failures in Replicated Storage Systems", F. Habibi, T. Lorido-Botran, A. Showail, D. Sturman, F. Nawab 
  "Availability Analysis of Network-Attack-Resilient Byzantine Fault Tolerant Systems", A. Alyahya, A. Babay, D. Tipper 
 12:30pm - 2:00pm | Lunch 
 2:00pm - 3:30pm | PhD Forum Chair: Valerio Schiavoni  
 "Towards Metastable-Failure-Free Distributed Transaction Systems", Farzad Habibi 
  "Efficient Privacy-Preserving Processing via Memory-Centric Computing", Mpoki Mwaisela 
  "Challenges of Availability and Cost Assessment for Network-Attack-Resilient Byzantine Systems", Aren Nasser A Alyahya 
  "Evaluating and Designing Routing Protocols for Reliable Distributed Quantum Systems", Huzaifah Nadeem 
 3:30pm - 4:00pm | Coffee break + Poster Session 
 4:00pm - 6:00pm | Research #2 - Systems Chair: Cristina Nita-Rotaru  
 "HAPPA: A Modular Platform for HPC Application Resilience Analysis with LLMs Embedded", H. Jiang, J. Zhu, B. Fang, K. Barker, C. Chen, R. Jin, Q. Guan 
  "Resilient and Secure Programmable System-on-Chip Accelerator Offload", I. Gouveia, A. Sheikh, A. Shoker, S. Fahmy, P. Veríssimo 
  "Tolerating Compound Threats in Critical Infrastructure Control Systems", S. Bommareddy, M. Khan, H. Nadeem, B. Gilby, I. Chiu, J. van de Lindt, O. Nofal, M. Panteli, L. Wells II, Y. Amir, A. Babay 
  "CLUES: Collusive Theft of Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks", S. Queyrut, V. Schiavoni, L. Chen, P. Felber, R. Birke 
  
  Wednesday, Oct 2  
  
 08:30am - 09:00am | Registration 
 09:00am - 10:00am | Keynote speaker #2: Mahesh Balakrishnan  An Hourglass Architecture for Distributed Systems 
 10:00am - 10:30am | Coffee break 
 10:30am - 12:30pm | Research #3: Security Chair: Amy Babay  
 "Evaluating the Potential of In-Memory Processing to Accelerate Homomorphic Encryption", M. Mwaisela, J. Hari, P. Yuhala, J. Ménétrey, P. Felber, V. Schiavoni 
  "Efficient Identity-Based Encryption with Minimal Server Trust", Y. Liang, G. Di Crescenzo, H. Wang, Z. Patni 
  "PR-TDR: Privacy-preserving and Reliable Timed Data Release", J. Wang, B. Palanisamy 
  "To Share or Hide: Confidential Model Compilation as a Service With Privacy-Preserving Transparency", K. Qin, D. Gu 
 12:30pm - 2:00pm | Lunch 
 2:00pm - 3:30pm | Research #4: Blockchain 1 Chair: Antonella Del Pozzo  
 "Presto: Optimizing Cross-Shard Transactions in Sharded Blockchain Architecture", Q. Ding, R. Zhang, S. Yin, P. Li, S. Guan, Z. Xiao, J. Long 
  "DecentEdge: A Trusted Edge-Cloud Transaction Processing Protocol for NFT-Based Dapps", H. Chaparala, S. Doddala, A. Showail, F. Nawab 
  "Batch-Schedule-Execute: On Optimizing Concurrent Deterministic Scheduling for Blockchains", Y. Hay, R. Friedman 
 3:30pm - 4:00pm | Coffee break 
 4:00pm - 5:30pm | Research #5: Algorithms Chair: Murat Demirbas  
 "Simpler is Better: Revisiting Mencius State Machine Replication", B. Cui, A. Charapko 
  "ARES II: Tracing the Flaws of a (Storage) God", C. Georgiou, N. Nicolaou, A. Trigeorgi 
  "Pre-LogMGAE: Identification of Log Anomalies Using a Pre-trained Masked Graph Autoencode", A. Wu, Y. Kwon 
 6:00pm | Departure to the Banquet 
 7:00pm - 9:30pm | Banquet 
  
  Thursday, Oct 3  
  
 08:30am - 09:00am | Registration 
 09:00am - 10:30am | Research #6: ML Chair: Marco Vieira  
 "TabVFL: Improving Latent Representation in Vertical Federated Learning" | , M. Rashad, Z. Zhao, J. Decouchant, L. Chen 
  "RADAR: Model Quality Assessment for Reputation-aware Collaborative Federated Learning", L. Lavaur, P. Lechevalier, Y. Busnel, R. Ludinard, G. Texier, M. Pahl 
  "FedCritical: Mitigating Edge-case Backdoor Attacks in Federated Learning", Z. Gu, J. Shi, Y. Yang 
 10:30am - 11:00am | Coffee break 
 11:00am - 12:30pm | Research #7: Blockchain 2 Chair: Silvia Bonomi  
 "Enabling Complete Atomicity for Cross-chain Applications Through Layered State Commitments", Y. Cai, R. Cheng, Y. Zhou, S. Zhang, J. Xiao, H. Jin 
  "Fantastyc: Blockchain-based Federated Learning Made Secure and Practical", W. Boitier, A. Pozzo, Á. García-Pérez, S. Gazut, P. Jobic, A. Lemaire, E. Mahe, A. Mayoue, M. Perion, T. Rezende, D. Singh, S. Tucci-Piergiovanni 
  "PeerSwap: A Peer-Sampler with Randomness Guarantees", R. Guerraoui, A. Kermarrec, A. Kucherenko, R. Pinot, M. de Vos 
 12:30pm - 2:00pm | Adjurn and Lunch 
 2:00pm - 3:30pm | Research #8: Online (Videos) "Efficient Exploration on Worst-Case Delay Performance of Networked Industrial Control Systems via Network Calculus and Deep Learning" | , Z. Liang, J. Zeng, S. Peng, X. Ma, H. Yang 
  "DTC: Real-Time and Accurate Distributed Triangle Counting in Fully Dynamic Graph Streams" | , W. Xuan, Y. Liang, H. Cao, N. Lin, X. Ye, D. Fan 
  "On Quantifying the Gradient Inversion Risk of Data Reuse in Federated Learning Systems" | , J. Huang, L. Chen, S. Roos 

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

8. Conference SRDS_2:
Call for Papers  
 The 43rd International Symposium on Reliable Distributed Systems (SRDS 2024) is a forum for researchers and practitioners interested in distributed systems design, development and evaluation with an emphasis on reliability, availability, safety, dependability, security, verification and real-time aspects.  
 We welcome the following types of submissions:  
 research papers, describing original research as well as design, development and experimental results of distributed systems; 
  practical experience reports describing ongoing industrial projects, prototype systems and exploratory or emerging applications; 
  tool papers describing architecture, implementation and usage of substantive tools to support research, development and operation of reliable distributed systems. 
   
 Papers will be assessed with criteria appropriate to each category.  
   
 Topics of Interest  
 The major areas of interest include the following topics:  
  
 Dependability, security and privacy of distributed systems including but not limited to, cloud, high-performance, fog, and edge computing; distributed data storage and processing; distributed machine learning and AI; safety-critical distributed systems; Internet of Things, vehicular, robotic, cyber-physical and mobile systems. 
  Techniques and algorithms advancing the state-of-the-art in fault tolerance fault recovery, robustness, self-stabilization, self-healing, scalability and real-time for distributed systems. These include, but are not limited to coordination, replication, failure prediction and detection, micro-services transactions, and blockchains. 
  Methods and tools for the design, implementation, verification, validation and operation of dependable and secure distributed applications, middleware operating systems, virtual machines and hardware. 
  Analytical, simulative and experimental assessment of dependable and secure distributed systems, in particular, when in real-world settings or with real-world data and in large scale and complex environments. 
   
 Papers will be assessed with criteria appropriate to each category.  

  Important Dates  
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE  
  
 1 | Abstract Submission | April 26, 2024  May 3, 2024 
 2 | Full Paper Submission | May 3, 2024  May 10, 2024 
 3 | Notification to Authors | June 24, 2024 
 4 | Camera-Ready and author registration | July 5, 2024 
 5 | Conference dates | Sep. 30 - Oct. 3, 2024 

 Submission  
 Submission site: https://hotcrp.inesctec.pt/srds24   
 Papers must be written in English. Research Papers, Practical Experience Reports and Tool Papers should be no longer than 10 pages, *excluding references* for which there's no page limit, following the IEEE two-column format for conference proceedings. Additional details to substantiate the main claims of the paper such as proofs, data tables or code snippets, can be included in a clearly marked appendix beyond the page limit, and read at the reviewers discretion. Authors are requested to first register their submissions with a title and abstract, and then submit their manuscripts in PDF format at the submission page.  
 All submitted papers will be judged based on their quality and relevance through double-blind reviewing, where the identities of the authors are withheld from the reviewers. As an author, you are required to make a good-faith effort to preserve the anonymity of your submission, while at the same time allowing the reader to fully grasp the context of related past work, including your own. It is recognized that, at times, information regarding the identities of authors may become public outside the submission process (e.g., if a pre-print is published as a technical report or on a pre-print server). The PC will ignore this external information. Minimally, please take the following steps when preparing your submission:  
 Remove the names and affiliations of authors from the title page. 
  Remove acknowledgment of identifying names and funding sources. 
  Use care in referring to related work, particularly your own. Do not omit references to provide anonymity, as this leaves the reviewer unable to grasp the context. Instead, reference your past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of related work by another author. 
   
 Submissions that do not conform to the above anonymization and formatting guidelines (e.g., are too long, use fonts or line spacing smaller than what is indicated) or are unoriginal, previously published, or are under submission to multiple venues concurrently, will be desk rejected without review.  
 If you have any question regarding paper submission, please do not hesitate to contact the conference PC Chairs: Silvia Bonomi  and Murat Demirbas  .  

  Best Paper Award  
 Awards will be given to the best paper and the best student paper. To be eligible for the best student paper award at least one of the paper authors must be a full-time student at the time of submission, and the student(s) must have made a significant contribution to the paper. The latter should be indicated at submission time.  
 All accepted papers SRDS will compete for the " Prof. C. V. Ramamoorthy Best Paper Award  ". The SRDS Best Paper is named after Prof. Chittoor V. Ramamoorthy, who was instrumental in the 80’s for the success of SRDS, many of his former students have also significantly contributed to the conference.  

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

9. Conference SoCS_1:
Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 SoCS 2025   Home 
  Important Dates 
  Venue 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Organizers 
   
 SoCS 2025     
 Home 
  Important Dates 
  Venue 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Organizers 
  More | Home 
  Important Dates 
  Venue 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Organizers 

 SoCS 2025   
 The 18th International Symposium on Combinatorial Search   
 August 12-15, 2025   
 University of Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom   
 co-located with CP and SAT   
  
  Photo credits: Glasgow Life     

 The 18th International Symposium on Combinatorial Search (SoCS 2025)  will be hosted at the University of Glasgow in Scotland, United Kingdom. The conference will be co-located with   
 The 31st International Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming (  CP 2025   ) and 
  The 18th International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing  (SAT 2025)   . 
  The SoCS conference, together with its doctoral program, will be organized on August 12-15, 2025.  The joint conference will be organized on August 10-15, 2025.   
  
  Heuristic search and combinatorial optimization  are very active research areas in artificial intelligence, robotics, planning, discrete optimization, and other areas of computer science and operations research. The International Symposium on Combinatorial Search (SoCS) is meant to bring researchers in such areas together to exchange their ideas and cross-fertilize the field.   
 SoCS serves researchers and submissions in all fields that use combinatorial search, including artificial intelligence, planning, robotics, constraint programming, meta-reasoning, operations research, navigation, and bioinformatics. We especially invite submissions presenting real-world applications of heuristic search.   

 SoCS 2024 is kindly supported by:   

 If you want your logo to appear here, please contact  conference chairs   .   

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Page details   

 Page updated     
   
 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 SoCS 2025   Home 
  Important Dates 
  Venue 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Organizers 
   
 SoCS 2025     
 Home 
  Important Dates 
  Venue 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Organizers 
  More | Home 
  Important Dates 
  Venue 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Organizers 

 Important Dates   

  Photo credits: Glasgow Life     

  Submission deadline:  March, 2025   
 SoCS 2025 conference:  12-15, 2025   
 Joint conference  :  August  10  -15, 2025   

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Page details   

 Page updated     
   
 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse

10. Conference SRDS_3:
Important Dates  
   
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE  
  
 1 | Abstract Submission | April 26, 2024  May 3, 2024 
 2 | Full Paper Submission | May 3, 2024  May 10, 2024 
 3 | Notification to Authors | June 24, 2024 
 4 | Camera-Ready and author registration | July 5, 2024  August 19th, 2024 
 5 | Conference dates | Sep. 30 - Oct. 3, 2024 
  
 Workshop ATSReDS Dates  
  
 1 | Paper Submission | July 01, 2024  July 10, 2024 
 2 | Acceptance notification | July 15, 2024  July 25, 2024 
 3 | Final paper (CRC) submission | July 31, 2024  August 10, 2024 
 4 | Workshop date | September 30, 2024 

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

11. Conference SoCS_2:
CG Week 2025     Home 
  Program 
  SoCG 
  YRF 
  Challenge 
  Media 
  Workshops 
  Awards 
  Registration 
  Practicalities 

 Call for Papers: The 41st SoCG - June 23-27, 2025   
 The 41st International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2025) is planned to be held in Kanazawa, Japan, June 23–27, 2025, as part of the Computational Geometry (CG) Week. We invite high quality submissions that describe original research on computational problems in a geometric and/or topological setting. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Design, analysis, and implementation of geometric algorithms and data structures; 
  Computational complexity of geometric problems; 
  Implementation and experimental evaluation of geometric algorithms and heuristics, including mathematical, numerical, and algebraic aspects; 
  Discrete and combinatorial geometry; 
  Computational topology, topological data analysis, and topological combinatorics; 
  Applications of computational geometry or topology in any field. 

 Important Dates   
 November 26, 2024 (Tuesday): | Abstracts and paper registration due (23:59 AoE (anywhere on Earth)) 
  December 3, 2024 (Tuesday): | Papers due (23:59 AoE (anywhere on Earth)) 
  February 6, 2025 (Thursday): | Notification of acceptance/rejection 
  mid March 2025: | Final versions of accepted papers due 
  June 23–27, 2025: | Symposium 

 SoCG 2025 Conference Webpage   
 http://socg25.github.io/    
   
 SoCG 2025 HotCRP Submission Webpage   
 https://socg25.hotcrp.com/    
   
 Code of conduct   
 SoCG is dedicated to providing an environment that is free from harassment, bullying, discrimination, and retaliation for all participants. Starting in 2025, CG Week including SoCG will be organized as an event of the CG Society  . All members of the Society are bound by its Code of Conduct  . Only members of the Society can give a presentation and hence at least one author of each accepted paper must become a member of the Society. Society membership is free.  

 Submission Guidelines   
 Paper types | When writing or evaluating a SoCG paper, it is important to keep in mind that there are different types of contributions, each with its own strengths. To ensure that a submission is evaluated on its own merits, authors will need to identify the main strengths of their submission, as captured by four possible paper types. PC members and external reviewers will be asked to take into account these paper types together with their associated evaluation criteria when they evaluate a paper. There are no quotas for the paper types and submissions can be labeled with more than one paper type at the time of submission. | Mathematical Foundations: | A typical paper will contain theorems and proofs describing new results in discrete or combinatorial geometry, discrete differential geometry or topology, or in topological combinatorics. The paper will primarily be evaluated on its technical depth, the importance of the results, the elegance of the solution, the connection of the problem studied to computational geometry and topology, and the potential future impact on algorithm development. 
  Algorithmic Complexity: | A typical paper will contain algorithms, data structures, theorems, proofs, or lower bound constructions describing new results on computational geometry problems. The paper will primarily be evaluated on the (mathematical or computational) relevance and importance of the problem studied, its technical depth, the elegance of the solution, and the potential future impact of the results or the proposed new methods and techniques. 
  Experiments and Implementation: | A typical paper will make a clear contribution to the implementation and evaluationp of geometric algorithms, such as exact, approximate, or algebraic computation, algorithms engineering, or the experimental evaluation of competing algorithmic approaches. The paper will primarily be evaluated on the completeness and the expected impact of the proposed implementation, the soundness of the experiments, the quality and quantity of testing, and on the general amount of knowledge gained. 
  Applications: | A typical paper will describe the modeling and algorithmic choices made when developing or adapting computational geometry techniques for an application area. The paper will be primarily evaluated on the soundness of the modeling decisions, the ingenuity of the solution, the effectiveness of the proposed method, and the expected impact in the application area. One might also consider the lesson learned regarding the applicability or suitability of computational geometry tools to the specific area. 
  Double Blind and PC submissions | SoCG will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process, and will allow PC members (other than the PC chairs) to submit to the conference as well. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors' names, affiliations, funding information, and email addresses should not appear in the submission. Authors should ensure that any references to their own related work is in the third person (e.g., not "We build on our previous work ..." but rather "We build on the work of ..."). Particular care needs to be taken if there is any accompanying software or data, which needs to be linked anonymously (for example, via a DropBox anonymous folder or Anonymous GitHub  , perhaps with a subset of synthetic data if the real data is not anonymized). Upon registering a submission, the authors will declare conflicts of interest with PC members, as well as listing email address or domain level conflicts (i.e. “Haitao Wang (University of Utah)”, “All (Graz University of Technology)”) of other professional or personal conflicts. This includes past advisors and students, people with the same affiliation, and any recent/frequent coauthors and collaborators. Please refer to the SoCG 2025 Conflict of Interest Guidelines  for a detailed discussion of possible conflicts of interest. | The purpose of lightweight double-blind reviewing is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas. We encourage authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing to contact the PC chairs, or to see the more detailed discussion in the proposal  that preceded the vote to move to double blind. 
  Format | Submissions must be formatted in accordance with the LIPIcs proceedings guidelines  . Authors are required to use the LaTeX class file socg-lipics-v2021.cls  (V0.9, Sep 19, 2022), with the option “anonymous”; note that the class file is a wrapper around the standard LIPIcs class. The LIPIcs style and instructions are available here  ; the SoCG class file is available here  , and instructions on how to use it are available here  . Submissions must not exceed 500 lines, excluding front matter (title), references, and a clearly marked appendix (further described below), but including all other lines (in abstract, algorithms, tables, captions, etc.). The class files provide line counting which should be accurate in most cases. Authors should refrain from putting excessive amounts of text in parts in which lines are not counted automatically. If authors need constructs that contain uncounted lines of text, they should compensate for this by reducing the final line count accordingly. It is the sole responsibility of the authors not to exceed 500 lines even if some lines are not counted automatically. 
  Contents of the submission | Papers should be submitted in the form of an extended abstract, which begins with the title of the paper, as well as a short abstract. This should be followed by the main body of the paper that begins with a precise statement of the problem considered, a succinct summary of the results obtained (emphasizing the significance, novelty, and potential impact of the research), and a clear comparison with related work. The remainder of the extended abstract should provide sufficient details to allow the program committee to evaluate the validity, quality, and relevance of the contribution. Clarity of presentation is very important; the entire extended abstract should be written carefully, taking into consideration that it will be read and evaluated by both experts and non-experts, often under tight time constraints. | In addition, authors are asked to avoid "et al." in citations in favor of an equal mention of all authors' surnames. For instance, if the number of authors is large, consider writing "The authors in [#] show" instead of "A et al. [#] show". 
  Appendix and additional data | All details needed to verify the results must be provided. Supporting materials, including proofs of theoretical claims and experimental details, that do not fit in the 500-line limit should be given in an appendix. If more appropriate, the full version may be given as the appendix. In both cases, however, the authors should include in the main part specific pointers to the relevant locations in the appendix. The appendix will be read by the program committee members and subreviewers at their discretion and will not be published as part of the proceedings. Thus, the paper without the appendix should be able to stand on its own. Experimental and implementation results (independent of paper type) must be reproducible and verifiable. Authors of all types of papers are encouraged to put accompanying software and relevant data, if there is any, in a repository accessible to the reviewers. 
  Previous or simultaneous submissions | Results previously published or accepted for publication in the proceedings of another conference cannot be submitted. Simultaneous submissions of the results to another conference with published proceedings are not allowed. Exempted are workshops and conferences without formal proceedings, but possibly with handouts containing short abstracts. In particular, submissions of papers that have appeared or will be submitted to EuroCG are allowed, since EuroCG does not publish formal proceedings, while submissions of papers that have appeared in CCCG are not allowed. Results that have already been accepted (with or without revision) for publication in a journal at the time of their submission to the symposium are not allowed. 
  Strict guidelines | Submissions deviating from the above guidelines risk being rejected without further consideration. 
  Guidelines for reviewers | The guidelines for reviewers are available here  . 

 Accepted Papers   
 Presentation | An author of each accepted paper is expected to attend the symposium and present the paper (approximately 20 minutes). Note that SoCG 2025 will be organized as an event of the CG Society  and hence the presenting author(s) must be a member of the Society. Society membership is free. 
  Best paper award | An accepted paper may be selected as the best paper. All papers are eligible. | Best student paper award | An accepted paper may be selected as the best student paper. A paper is eligible if all authors are students at the time of submission. This must be indicated in the submission process. There is a box provided for this purpose on the submission server. | Best student presentation award | Based on the feedback from the audience, a presentation during the symposium by a student may be selected as the best student presentation. | In exceptional cases, each of these awards may be granted to more than one paper/presentation. 
  Invited papers and special issues | Authors of the best paper will be invited to submit an extended version of their paper to the Journal of the ACM  , and authors of one (or more) most highly ranked papers may be invited to submit their full paper to the journal TheoretiCS  . Authors of a selection of accepted papers from the symposium will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to special issues of Discrete & Computational Geometry  and Journal of Computational Geometry  . 
  Format | Final proceedings versions of accepted papers must respect the same formatting constraints as the submissions ( LIPIcs proceedings format  with socg-lipics-v2021  ; 500-line limit, excluding front matter and references), but must not comprise any appendix. If any supporting material (including complete proofs of theoretical claims and experimental details) does not fit in the specified limit, then the full version of the paper containing this information must be referenced in the conference version and made available at a public repository, such as arXiv  , by the time the final version is submitted. Where applicable, we encourage the authors to make accompanying software and/or data publicly accessible, with proper references in the paper. 

 Program Committee   
 Mikkel Abrahamsen, University of Copenhagen 
  Oswin Aichholzer, Graz University of Technology (co-chair) 
  Hugo Akitaya, University of Massachusetts Lowell 
  Mark de Berg, Eindhoven University of Technology 
  Sujoy Bhore, Indian Institute of Technology Bombay 
  Ahmad Biniaz, University of Windsor 
  Håvard Bakke Bjerkevik, SUNY Albany 
  Gerth Stølting Brodal, Aarhus University 
  Hsien-Chih Chang, Dartmouth College 
  Siu-Wing Cheng, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 
  Vida Dujmović, University of Ottawa 
  David Eppstein, University of California, Irvine 
  Emily Fox, University of Texas at Dallas 
  Jie Gao, Rutgers University 
  Dan Halperin, Tel Aviv University 
  Tao Hou, University of Oregon 
  Christian Knauer, University of Bayreuth 
  Francis Lazarus, Université Grenoble Alpes 
  Chih-Hung Liu, National Taiwan University 
  Daniel Lokshtanov, University of California Santa Barbara 
  Anna Lubiw, University of Waterloo 
  Amir Nayyeri, Oregon State University 
  Eunjin Oh, Pohang University of Science and Technology 
  Tim Ophelders, Utrecht University and TU Eindhoven 
  Irene Parada, UPC BarcelonaTech 
  Rahul Saladi, Indian Institute of Science 
  Patrick Schnider, University of Basel and ETH Zürich 
  Raimund Seidel, Saarland University 
  Don Sheehy, North Carolina State University 
  Shakhar Smorodinsky, Ben-Gurion University 
  Jonathan Spreer, University of Sydney 
  Takeshi Tokuyama, Kwansei Gakuin University 
  Torsten Ueckerdt, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology 
  Pavel Valtr, Charles University 
  Kasturi Varadarajan, University of Iowa 
  Haitao Wang, University of Utah (co-chair) 
  Jinhui Xu, University at Buffalo 
  Jie Xue, New York University Shanghai 

  CG Week 2025   

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

12. Conference SSBSE_0:
Toggle navigation      SSBSE Home    
 Next Edition 
  About 
  Steering Committee 
  Hall of Fame 
  Past Editions 

 Symposium on Search Based Software Engineering  
  SSBSE Homepage    

 The objective of the Symposium on Search Based Software Engineering (SSBSE) is to bring the rapidly growing international search based software engineering community together in a welcoming forum for discussion and dissemination, as well as to sustain the flourishing of interest in the field from researchers and practitioners in software engineering and metaheuristic search alike. SSBSE has a well-documented charter and organises itself with an open democratic process.  
 If you are interested in being general chair for a future edition of SSBSE, please feel free to reach out to steering committee members.  
 SSBSE is ranked in CORE (B ranking) http://portal.core.edu.au/conf-ranks/2283/  .   
 You can view the entire conference charter here  .   
   
   Next Edition  
  
  SSBSE 2024, 16th edition  
 Porto de Galinhas, Brazil  
 Co-located with ESEC/FSE 2024  
 Website    
   
   About  
  
  SBSE: Search Based Software Engineering  
 Search Based Software Engineering (SBSE) is the reformulation of software engineering tasks as optimisation problems.  
 The objective of the search becomes that of locating, from among all possible solutions to the problem, one that is sufficiently good according to an appropriate fitness metric. This reformulation enables previously manually intensive and costly tasks to be partially or fully automated, solves problems that are intractable by other methods, and often leads to innovative and insightful solutions.  
 The combination of readily available, high-performance computing power, and new, more efficient, search algorithms has made SBSE a practical solution method for many software engineering problems. This is reflected in the interest in this field from both academia and industry, and the very wide range of applications throughout the software engineering lifecycle, to which it has been successfully applied.  
   
   Steering Committee  

 Dr. Shaukat Ali (Chair)  
 Simula Research Laboratory, NO  
 Home Page   
 Terms: 2020 - 2022 2023 - 2025  

 Dr. Andrea Arcuri  
 Kristiania University College and Oslo Metropolitan University, NO  
 Home Page   
 Terms: 2023 - 2025  

 Prof. Federica Sarro  
 University College London (UCL), UK  
 Home Page   
 Terms: 2019 - 2021 2022 - 2024  

 Dr. Giovani Guizzo  
 Brick Abode, Brazil  
 Home Page   
 Terms: 2023 - 2025  

 Prof. Gordon Fraser  
 University of Passau, DE  
 Home Page   
 Terms: 2023 - 2025  

 Prof. Justyna Petke  
 University College London, UK  
 Home Page   
 Terms: 2023 - 2025  

 Prof. Phil McMinn  
 The University of Sheffield, UK  
 Home Page   
 Terms: 2019 - 2021 2022 - 2024  

 Prof. Shin Yoo  
 Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, KR  
 Home Page   
 Terms: 2019 - 2021 2022 - 2024  

 Prof. Silvia Regina Vergilio  
 Federal University of Paraná, BR  
 Home Page   
 Terms: 2023 - 2025  

   Past Editions  
  
  SSBSE 2023, 15th edition  
 San Francisco, USA  
 Co-located with ESEC/FSE 2023  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2022, 14th edition  
 Singapore  
 Co-located with ESEC/FSE 2022  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2021, 13th edition  
 Bari, Italy  
 Co-located with ESEM 2021  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2020, 12th edition  
 Online Event  
 Co-located with ESEIW 2020  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2019, 11th edition  
 Tallinn, Estonia  
 Co-located with ESE/FSE 2019  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2018, 10th edition  
 Montpellier, France  
 Co-located with ASE 2018  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2017, 9th edition  
 Paderborn, Germany  
 Co-located with ESEC/FSE 2017  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2016, 8th edition  
 Raleigh, North Carolina, USA  
 Co-located with ICSME 2016  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2015, 7th edition  
 Bergamo, Milan, Italy  
 Co-located with ESEC/FSE 2015  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2014, 6th edition  
 Fortaleza, Brazil  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2013, 5th edition  
 St. Petersburg, Russia  
 Co-located with ESEC/FSE 2013  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2012, 4th edition  
 Riva del Garda, Trento, Italy  
 Co-located with ICSM 1012  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2011, 3rd edition  
 Szeged, Hungary  
 Co-located with ESEC/FSE 2011  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2010, 2nd edition  
 Benevento, Italy  
 Website  Proceedings    
 SSBSE 2009, 1st edition  
 Windsor, United Kingdom  
 Website  Proceedings    

 Facebook 
  Twitter 
  by Giovani Guizzo and Federica Sarro  • 2024 • SSBSE Home   
 Theme by beautiful-jekyll   

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

13. Conference SSBSE_1:
SSBSE 2024   Mon 15 Jul 2024 Porto de Galinhas, Brazil, Brazil    
 co-located with FSE 2024    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Hotel Armação 
  SSBSE Registration 
  Program | SSBSE Program 
  Your Program 
   Mon 15 Jul 
  Tracks | SSBSE 2024 
  Research Papers 
  RENE/NIER 
  SSBSE Challenge 
  Hot off the Press 
  Keynote 
  Organization | SSBSE 2024 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Research Papers | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RENE/NIER 
  SSBSE Challenge 
  Hot off the Press 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    SSBSE 2024 
  SSBSE 2023 
  SSBSE 2022 
  SSBSE 2021 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 SSBSE 2024  
   
 Join us live on our Twitch stream    
 Starting Monday 15th of July @9:00am BRT (2pm CEST) here   
  Conference proceedings    
 The conference proceedings are available here  (until the end of August, 2024).  
  The online registration is now open!    
 SSBSE uses FSE’s registration system. Click here  for registration.  
  Welcome to the website of the Symposium on Search-Based Software Engineering 2024. SSBSE 2024 will take place on July 15th in Porto de Galinhas, Brazil, co-located with ESEC/FSE 2024  . The symposium will be comprised of four tracks:  
 Main research 
  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) / New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) 
  SBSE Challenge 
  Hot off the Press (HOP) 
  About SSBSE   
 Search-based Software Engineering (SBSE) is a research area focused on the formulation of software engineering problems as search problems, and the subsequent use of complex heuristic techniques to attain optimal solutions to such problems. A wealth of engineering challenges – from test generation, to design refactoring, to process organization – can be solved efficiently through the application of automated optimization techniques. SBSE is a growing field – sitting at the crossroads between AI, machine learning, and software engineering – and SBSE techniques have begun to attain human-competitive results.  
 The Symposium on Search-Based Software Engineering is a venue dedicated to the SBSE research field. We invite the submission of high-quality papers describing novel and original work in all areas of SBSE including, but not limited to, applications of SBSE to novel problems, theoretical analyses of search algorithms for software engineering, rigorous empirical evaluations of SBSE techniques, and reports of industrial experiences.  

  SSBSE 2024 Tracks   
   
 Research Papers  | RENE/NIER  | SSBSE Challenge  | Hot off the Press  | Keynote    

 x  Thu 5 Dec 12:41    

  SSBSE 2024   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Research Papers   
  RENE/NIER   
  SSBSE Challenge   
  Hot off the Press   
  Keynote    

 Attending  
 Venue: Hotel Armação   
  SSBSE Registration    
 Sign Up    

  
Call for papers data: 
SSBSE 2024   Mon 15 Jul 2024 Porto de Galinhas, Brazil, Brazil    
 co-located with FSE 2024    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Hotel Armação 
  SSBSE Registration 
  Program | SSBSE Program 
  Your Program 
   Mon 15 Jul 
  Tracks | SSBSE 2024 
  Research Papers 
  RENE/NIER 
  SSBSE Challenge 
  Hot off the Press 
  Keynote 
  Organization | SSBSE 2024 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Research Papers | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RENE/NIER 
  SSBSE Challenge 
  Hot off the Press 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    SSBSE 2024 
  SSBSE 2023 
  SSBSE 2022 
  SSBSE 2021 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  FSE 2024  ( series  ) /   SSBSE 2024  ( series  ) /   Research Papers  /  Organizing Committee SSBSE Research Papers    
   
   Shaukat Ali   
 Simula Research Laboratory and Oslo Metropolitan University   
 Norway   

   Paolo Arcaini   
 National Institute of Informatics   
 Japan   

   Andrea Arcuri   
 Kristiania University College and Oslo Metropolitan University   
 Norway   

   Aitor Arrieta   
 Mondragon University   
 Spain   

   Matteo Biagiola   
 Università della Svizzera italiana   

   Thiago Ferreira   
 University of Michigan - Flint   
 United States   

   Gordon Fraser   
 University of Passau   

   Alessio Gambi   
 Austrian Institute of Technology (AIT)   
 Austria   

   Gregory Gay   
 Chalmers | University of Gothenburg   
 Sweden   

   Lars Grunske   
 Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin   
 Germany   

   Hadi Hemmati   
 York University   
 Canada   

   Nargiz Humbatova   
 USI Lugano   
 Switzerland   

   Fuyuki Ishikawa   
 National Institute of Informatics   
 Japan   

   Gunel Jahangirova   
 USI Lugano, Switzerland   
 Switzerland   

   Foutse Khomh   
 Polytechnique Montréal   
 Canada   

   Fitsum Kifetew   
 Fondazione Bruno Kessler   

   Phil McMinn   
 University of Sheffield   
 United Kingdom   

   Inmaculada Medina-Bulo   
 Universidad de Cádiz   
 Spain   

   Manuel Núñez   
 Universidad Complutense de Madrid   
 Spain   

   Vincenzo Riccio   
 University of Udine   
 Italy   

   José Miguel Rojas   
 The University of Sheffield   
 United Kingdom   

   Valerio Terragni   
 University of Auckland   
 New Zealand   

   Silvia Regina Vergilio   
 Federal University of Paraná   
 Brazil   

 x  Thu 5 Dec 12:41    

  SSBSE 2024   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Research Papers   
  RENE/NIER   
  SSBSE Challenge   
  Hot off the Press   
  Keynote    

 Attending  
 Venue: Hotel Armação   
  SSBSE Registration    
 Sign Up    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

14. Conference SSBSE_2:
JavaScript is not available.  
 We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.  
 Help Center   
 Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Imprint  Ads info  © 2024 X Corp.  

 Something went wrong, but don’t fret — let’s give it another shot.    
  
   Try again    
   Some privacy related extensions may cause issues on x.com. Please disable them and try again.    

                  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

15. Conference SSBSE_3:
ICSE 2025   Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025 Ottawa, Ontario, Canada    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre) 
  Registration 
  Hotels 
  Visa and Travel Authorization 
  Travelling to Ottawa 
  Getting Around Ottawa 
  Food at ICSE2025 
  Code of Conduct 
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan 
  Fun Activities 
  Sponsorship 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Panels 
  Receptions and Banquet 
  Tutorials 
  Networking Events 
  Meetings and BOF events 
  Technical Briefings 
  Recreational Activities 
  Submitting to ICSE2025: Q&A 
  Tracks | ICSE 2025 
  Main Plenaries 
  Research Track 
  SE In Practice (SEIP) 
  SE in Society (SEIS) 
  New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) 
  Journal-first Papers 
  Demonstrations 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Industry Challenge Track 
  Software Engineering Education 
  Posters 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Shadow PC 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials and Technical Briefings 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  Symposium on Software Engineering in the Global South (SEiGS) 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Social And Networking 
  Meetings and BOFs 
  Student Mentoring Workshop (SMeW) 
  Student Volunteers 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST 
  CAIN | CAIN 
  CAIN  Research and Experience Papers 
  CAIN  Doctoral Symposium 
  CAIN  Industry Talks 
  CAIN  Posters 
  CAIN  Scope 
  CHASE | CHASE 
  CHASE  Research Track 
  CHASE  Journal First and Journal Fast 
  CSEE&T  Software Engineering Education 
  FORGE | FORGE 
  FORGE  Research Papers 
  FORGE  Industry Papers 
  FORGE  Data and Benchmarking 
  FORGE  Tutorials 
  FormaliSE | FormaliSE  Research Track 
  FormaliSE  Artifact Track 
  ICPC | ICPC 
  ICPC  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  ICPC  Journal First 
  ICPC  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  ICPC  Research Track 
  ICPC  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSR 
  MOBILESoft | MOBILESoft 
  MOBILESoft  Research Track 
  MOBILESoft  App Track 
  MSR | MSR 
  MSR  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  MSR  FOSS Award 
  MSR  Industry Track 
  MSR  Junior PC 
  MSR  Awards 
  MSR  Mining Challenge 
  MSR  Registered Reports 
  MSR  Technical Papers 
  MSR  Vision and Reflection 
  SEAMS | SEAMS 
  SEAMS  Research Track 
  SEAMS  Artifact Track 
  TechDebt | TechDebt 
  TechDebt  Technical Papers 
  TechDebt  Journal First 
  TechDebt  Junior Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  AIOps  AI for Cloud Service 
  APR  Automated Program Repair 
  BotSE  Bots in SE 
  DeepTest  Deep Learning <-> Testing 
  Designing  Software Design 
  EnCyCriS  Cybersecurity of Critical Systems 
  FTW  Flaky Tests Workshop 
  FinanSE  SE Challenges in Financial Firms 
  GAS  Games and SE 
  GE@ICSE  Gender Equality 
  GI  Genetic Improvement 
  GREENS  Green and Sustainable Software 
  Gamify  Gamification in Development + V & V 
  IDE  Integrated Development Environments 
  IWSiB 
  LLM4Code  Large Language Models for Code 
  MO2RE  Multi-Discip. Requirements Engineering 
  NLBSE  Natural Language Based SE 
  NSE  Neuro-Symbolic SE 
  Q-SE  Quantum SE 
  RAIE  Responsible AI Engineering 
  RAISE  Requirements Engg. for AI-Powered SW 
  RoSE  Robotics Software Engineering 
  SATrends  Software Architecture Trends 
  SBFT  Search-Based and Fuzz testing 
  SE4ADS  SE for Autonomous Driving Systems 
  SERP4IoT  SE for the Internet of Things 
  SESoS  Systems of Systems and Ecosystems 
  STATIC  Advancing Static Analysis 
  SVM  Software Vulnerability Management 
  WETSEB  SE for Blockchain 
  WSESE  Empirical Studies in SE 
  Organization | ICSE 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Research Track 
  SE In Practice (SEIP) 
  SE in Society (SEIS) 
  New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) 
  Journal-first Papers 
  Demonstrations | Demonstrations 
  Program Committee 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Industry Challenge Track 
  Posters 
  Doctoral Symposium | Doctoral Symposium 
  Program Committee 
  Shadow PC 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials and Technical Briefings 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  Symposium on Software Engineering in the Global South (SEiGS) | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Student Mentoring Workshop (SMeW) | Student Mentoring Workshop Organizing Committee 
  Student Mentoring Workshop Steering Committee 
  Student Volunteers 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  CAIN | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Research and Experience Papers 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Industry Talks 
  Posters 
  CHASE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  CSEE&T | Organizing Committee 
  Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FORGE | Organization Committee 
  Research Papers 
  Industry Papers 
  Data and Benchmarking 
  Tutorials 
  FormaliSE | Research Track  Organization Committee 
  Research Track  Program Committee 
  Artifact Track 
  ICPC | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  Journal First 
  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  Research Track 
  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSR | Organizing Committee 
  Organization committee 
  Program Committee 
  MOBILESoft | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  App Track  Organizing Committee 
  App Track  Program Committee 
  MSR | Organizing Committee 
  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  FOSS Award 
  Industry Track 
  Junior PC 
  MSR Awards 
  Mining Challenge 
  Registered Reports 
  Technical Papers 
  Vision and Reflection 
  SEAMS | Organizing Committee 
  MIP Award Committee 
  Research Track 
  Artifact Track 
  TechDebt | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Papers 
  Junior Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  AIOps | N/A - check homepage 
  APR | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  BotSE | Organizing Committee 
  Publicity Chair 
  Web Chair 
  Program Committee 
  DeepTest | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Designing | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EnCyCriS | Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FTW | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FinanSE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GAS | Co-organizers 
  GE@ICSE | Program Committee 
  GI | Organizing Committee 
  GREENS | N/A - check homepage 
  Gamify | Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Publicity and Web Chair 
  IDE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  IWSiB | Organizing committee 
  Program Committee 
  LLM4Code | N/A - check homepage 
  MO2RE | Organizing Committee 
  NLBSE | N/A - check homepage 
  NSE | Organising Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Q-SE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RAIE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Publicity and Web Chair 
  RAISE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RoSE | RoSE 2025 OC 
  RoSE 2025 PC 
  SATrends | Organising Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SBFT | N/A - check homepage 
  SE4ADS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Web & Publicity Chair 
  SERP4IoT | Program Committee 
  SESoS | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Publicity Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  STATIC | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SVM | Organizing Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  WETSEB | N/A - check homepage 
  WSESE | Organizing Committee 
  Web Chair 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
  ICSE 2025 
  ICSE 2024 
  ICSE 2023 
  ICSE 2022 
  ICSE 2021 
  ICSE 2020 
  ICSE 2019 
  * ICSE 2018 * 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICSE 2025  ( series  ) /  Shin Yoo ICSE 2025 profile   conf.research.org general profile 
  * ICSE 2018 * profile 
  APSEC 2023 profile 
  ASE 2019 profile 
  ASE 2021 profile 
  ASE 2023 profile 
  ASE 2025 profile 
  ECOOP and ISSTA 2023 profile 
  ESEC/FSE 2018 profile 
  ESEC/FSE 2020 profile 
  ESEC/FSE 2021 profile 
  ESEC/FSE 2022 profile 
  ESEC/FSE 2023 profile 
  ESEM 2021 profile 
  FSE 2024 profile 
  FSE 2025 profile 
  ICSE 2019 profile 
  ICSE 2020 profile 
  ICSE 2021 profile 
  ICSE 2022 profile 
  ICSE 2023 profile 
  ICSE 2024 profile 
  ICSME 2023 profile 
  ICSME 2024 profile 
  ICST 2020 profile 
  ICST 2021 profile 
  ICST 2022 profile 
  ICST 2023 profile 
  ICST 2024 profile 
  ICST 2025 profile 
  ISSTA 2017 profile 
  ISSTA 2022 profile 
  ISSTA/ECOOP 2024 profile 

  Registered user since Fri 9 Jun 2017   
   
 Name:  Shin Yoo   
 Bio:  Shin Yoo is a tenured Associate Professor in the School of Computing, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST) and leads the Computational Intelligence for Software Engineering (COINSE) group ( https://coinse.github.io  ). He received his PhD from King’s College London in 2009 under the supervision of Prof. Mark Harman. His research interests include search-based software engineering, software testing, automated debugging, SE4AI as well as AI4SE. He received the ACM SIGEVO HUMIES Silver Medal in 2017 for the human competitive application of genetic programming to fault localization research, and IEEE TCSE Most Influential Paper Award in ICST 2024 for his work on mutation based fault localization. . He is currently an associate editor for Journal of Empirical Software Engineering and ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology. He regularly serves in program committees of international conferences in the area of software engineering and software testing. Additionally, he served as the Program Co-chair of International Symposium on Search Based Software Engineering (SSBSE) in 2014, the Program Co-chair of IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST) in 2018, Program Co-chair of ICSE New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) track in 2020, the general chair of SSBSE 2022. and the Testing & Analysis Area Chair of ICSE research track in 2024. He is the general chair of ASE 2025, which will be held in Seoul, Korea.  
   
 Country:  South Korea   
 Affiliation:  Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology   
 Personal website:   http://coinse.kaist.ac.kr/members/shin.yoo/    
 Research interests:  Search Based Software Engineering   
   
 Contributions   
 2025  
 ICSE  
 Committee Member in Research Track within the Research Track-track 

  Show activities from other conferences   
   Share     

  Using general profile     
   
 x  Thu 5 Dec 12:41    

  ICSE 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Main Plenaries   
  Research Track   
  SE In Practice (SEIP)   
  SE in Society (SEIS)   
  New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER)   
  Journal-first Papers   
  Demonstrations   
  Artifact Evaluation   
  Industry Challenge Track   
  Software Engineering Education   
  Posters   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Shadow PC   
  Workshops   
  Tutorials and Technical Briefings   
  New Faculty Symposium   
  Symposium on Software Engineering in the Global South (SEiGS)   
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   
  Social And Networking   
  Meetings and BOFs   
  Student Mentoring Workshop (SMeW)   
  Student Volunteers    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 AST 2025   
  CAIN 2025   
  CHASE 2025   
  CSEE&T 2025   
  FORGE 2025   
  FormaliSE 2025   
  ICPC 2025   
  ICSR 2025   
  MOBILESoft 2025   
  MSR 2025   
  SEAMS 2025   
  TechDebt 2025   
  Workshops  
 AIOps 2025   
  APR 2025   
  BotSE 2025   
  DeepTest 2025   
  Designing 2025   
  EnCyCriS 2025   
  FTW 2025   
  FinanSE 2025   
  GAS 2025   
  GE@ICSE 2025   
  GI 2025   
  GREENS 2025   
  Gamify 2025   
  IDE 2025   
  IWSiB 2025   
  LLM4Code 2025   
  MO2RE 2025   
  NLBSE 2025   
  NSE 2025   
  Q-SE 2025   
  RAIE 2025   
  RAISE 2025   
  RoSE 2025   
  SATrends 2025   
  SBFT 2025   
  SE4ADS 2025   
  SERP4IoT 2025   
  SESoS   
  STATIC 2025   
  SVM 2025   
  WETSEB 2025   
  WSESE 2025    

 Attending  
 Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre)   
  Registration   
  Hotels   
  Visa and Travel Authorization Information for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Travelling to Ottawa   
  Getting Around Ottawa   
  Food at ICSE2025   
  Code of Conduct for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan for ICSE 2025   
  Fun Activities    
  ICSE on Facebook   
   
   ICSE on X   

  
Call for papers data: 
ICSE 2025   Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025 Ottawa, Ontario, Canada    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre) 
  Registration 
  Hotels 
  Visa and Travel Authorization 
  Travelling to Ottawa 
  Getting Around Ottawa 
  Food at ICSE2025 
  Code of Conduct 
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan 
  Fun Activities 
  Sponsorship 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Panels 
  Receptions and Banquet 
  Tutorials 
  Networking Events 
  Meetings and BOF events 
  Technical Briefings 
  Recreational Activities 
  Submitting to ICSE2025: Q&A 
  Tracks | ICSE 2025 
  Main Plenaries 
  Research Track 
  SE In Practice (SEIP) 
  SE in Society (SEIS) 
  New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) 
  Journal-first Papers 
  Demonstrations 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Industry Challenge Track 
  Software Engineering Education 
  Posters 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Shadow PC 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials and Technical Briefings 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  Symposium on Software Engineering in the Global South (SEiGS) 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Social And Networking 
  Meetings and BOFs 
  Student Mentoring Workshop (SMeW) 
  Student Volunteers 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST 
  CAIN | CAIN 
  CAIN  Research and Experience Papers 
  CAIN  Doctoral Symposium 
  CAIN  Industry Talks 
  CAIN  Posters 
  CAIN  Scope 
  CHASE | CHASE 
  CHASE  Research Track 
  CHASE  Journal First and Journal Fast 
  CSEE&T  Software Engineering Education 
  FORGE | FORGE 
  FORGE  Research Papers 
  FORGE  Industry Papers 
  FORGE  Data and Benchmarking 
  FORGE  Tutorials 
  FormaliSE | FormaliSE  Research Track 
  FormaliSE  Artifact Track 
  ICPC | ICPC 
  ICPC  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  ICPC  Journal First 
  ICPC  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  ICPC  Research Track 
  ICPC  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSR 
  MOBILESoft | MOBILESoft 
  MOBILESoft  Research Track 
  MOBILESoft  App Track 
  MSR | MSR 
  MSR  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  MSR  FOSS Award 
  MSR  Industry Track 
  MSR  Junior PC 
  MSR  Awards 
  MSR  Mining Challenge 
  MSR  Registered Reports 
  MSR  Technical Papers 
  MSR  Vision and Reflection 
  SEAMS | SEAMS 
  SEAMS  Research Track 
  SEAMS  Artifact Track 
  TechDebt | TechDebt 
  TechDebt  Technical Papers 
  TechDebt  Journal First 
  TechDebt  Junior Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  AIOps  AI for Cloud Service 
  APR  Automated Program Repair 
  BotSE  Bots in SE 
  DeepTest  Deep Learning <-> Testing 
  Designing  Software Design 
  EnCyCriS  Cybersecurity of Critical Systems 
  FTW  Flaky Tests Workshop 
  FinanSE  SE Challenges in Financial Firms 
  GAS  Games and SE 
  GE@ICSE  Gender Equality 
  GI  Genetic Improvement 
  GREENS  Green and Sustainable Software 
  Gamify  Gamification in Development + V & V 
  IDE  Integrated Development Environments 
  IWSiB 
  LLM4Code  Large Language Models for Code 
  MO2RE  Multi-Discip. Requirements Engineering 
  NLBSE  Natural Language Based SE 
  NSE  Neuro-Symbolic SE 
  Q-SE  Quantum SE 
  RAIE  Responsible AI Engineering 
  RAISE  Requirements Engg. for AI-Powered SW 
  RoSE  Robotics Software Engineering 
  SATrends  Software Architecture Trends 
  SBFT  Search-Based and Fuzz testing 
  SE4ADS  SE for Autonomous Driving Systems 
  SERP4IoT  SE for the Internet of Things 
  SESoS  Systems of Systems and Ecosystems 
  STATIC  Advancing Static Analysis 
  SVM  Software Vulnerability Management 
  WETSEB  SE for Blockchain 
  WSESE  Empirical Studies in SE 
  Organization | ICSE 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Research Track 
  SE In Practice (SEIP) 
  SE in Society (SEIS) 
  New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) 
  Journal-first Papers 
  Demonstrations | Demonstrations 
  Program Committee 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Industry Challenge Track 
  Posters 
  Doctoral Symposium | Doctoral Symposium 
  Program Committee 
  Shadow PC 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials and Technical Briefings 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  Symposium on Software Engineering in the Global South (SEiGS) | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Student Mentoring Workshop (SMeW) | Student Mentoring Workshop Organizing Committee 
  Student Mentoring Workshop Steering Committee 
  Student Volunteers 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  CAIN | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Research and Experience Papers 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Industry Talks 
  Posters 
  CHASE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  CSEE&T | Organizing Committee 
  Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FORGE | Organization Committee 
  Research Papers 
  Industry Papers 
  Data and Benchmarking 
  Tutorials 
  FormaliSE | Research Track  Organization Committee 
  Research Track  Program Committee 
  Artifact Track 
  ICPC | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  Journal First 
  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  Research Track 
  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSR | Organizing Committee 
  Organization committee 
  Program Committee 
  MOBILESoft | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  App Track  Organizing Committee 
  App Track  Program Committee 
  MSR | Organizing Committee 
  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  FOSS Award 
  Industry Track 
  Junior PC 
  MSR Awards 
  Mining Challenge 
  Registered Reports 
  Technical Papers 
  Vision and Reflection 
  SEAMS | Organizing Committee 
  MIP Award Committee 
  Research Track 
  Artifact Track 
  TechDebt | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Papers 
  Junior Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  AIOps | N/A - check homepage 
  APR | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  BotSE | Organizing Committee 
  Publicity Chair 
  Web Chair 
  Program Committee 
  DeepTest | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Designing | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EnCyCriS | Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FTW | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FinanSE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GAS | Co-organizers 
  GE@ICSE | Program Committee 
  GI | Organizing Committee 
  GREENS | N/A - check homepage 
  Gamify | Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Publicity and Web Chair 
  IDE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  IWSiB | Organizing committee 
  Program Committee 
  LLM4Code | N/A - check homepage 
  MO2RE | Organizing Committee 
  NLBSE | N/A - check homepage 
  NSE | Organising Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Q-SE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RAIE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Publicity and Web Chair 
  RAISE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RoSE | RoSE 2025 OC 
  RoSE 2025 PC 
  SATrends | Organising Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SBFT | N/A - check homepage 
  SE4ADS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Web & Publicity Chair 
  SERP4IoT | Program Committee 
  SESoS | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Publicity Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  STATIC | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SVM | Organizing Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  WETSEB | N/A - check homepage 
  WSESE | Organizing Committee 
  Web Chair 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    ICSE 2025 
  ICSE 2024 
  ICSE 2023 
  ICSE 2022 
  ICSE 2021 
  ICSE 2020 
  ICSE 2019 
  * ICSE 2018 * 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICSE 2025  ( series  ) /  Journal-first Papers ICSE 2025   
   
 Call for Contributions  
  
 ICSE has formed partnerships with prestigious software engineering journals to incorporate journal-first papers into the ICSE program. Through this initiative, authors of journal-first papers accepted in the partnering journals will be invited to present their work at ICSE, thus providing an opportunity for the authors to engage directly with the community and offering the ICSE attendees an additional dimension to the research track program.  
 The journals that support the journal-first model as partners with ICSE are:  
 IEEE Transaction on Software Engineering (IEEE TSE), 
  ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (ACM TOSEM), 
  Empirical Software Engineering (EMSE). 
  Scope   
 A submission to the ICSE 2025 call for journal-first paper presentations must adhere to the following criteria:  
 The associated journal paper needs to have been accepted to a journal from the above list no earlier than November 1st, 2023 and no later than October 10th, 2024. 
  The paper is in the scope of the conference. 
  The paper does not exclusively report a secondary study, e.g., systematic reviews, mapping studies, surveys. 
  The paper reports completely new research results and/or presents novel contributions that significantly extend and were not previously reported in prior work. | The paper does not extend prior work solely with additional proofs or algorithms (or other such details presented for completeness), additional empirical results, or minor enhancements or variants of the results presented in the prior work. 
  As a rough guide, a journal-first paper should have at least 70% new content over and above the content of previous publications. As such, the expectation is that an extension of a full 8-10 pages conference or workshop paper would not be deemed a journal-first paper. 
  The paper has not been presented at, and is not under consideration for, journal-first programs of other conferences. 
  How to Submit   
 The authors of any paper that meets the above criteria are invited to submit a (maximum) one-page presentation proposal consisting of the paper’s title, the paper’s authors, an extended abstract, and a pointer to the original journal paper at the journal’s Web site. If the journal paper is related to or builds on a previously published work (such as a tool demo or a poster), then the proposal must clearly and explicitly justify why the paper should be considered a journal first paper.  
 The template to use is the IEEE conference proceedings template, specified in the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines  (title in 24pt font and full text in 10pt type, LaTeX users must use \documentclass[10pt,conference]{IEEEtran} without including the compsoc or compsocconf options). It is important to note that these submissions will not  be published. The specified format is so that all the submissions have a consistent look to facilitate the selection process.  
 By submitting your article to an IEEE Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all IEEE Publications Policies.  
 Submission site: https://icse2025-jf.hotcrp.com/   
 Submissions must not exceed 1 page.  
 Evaluation and Selection   
 Authors will be invited to present their paper at ICSE 2025 after a check that the paper satisfies the above listed criteria. As the papers have already been reviewed and accepted by the journals, they will not be reviewed again for technical content. In the case that an exceptionally high number of submissions is received, not all papers will be selected. Priority will be given to the papers that:  
 Increase opportunities for authors to attend ICSE, who might not otherwise attend. In particular, priority will be given to papers whose specified presenter is not presenting other journal first or main research track papers. 
  Best fit the technical program, offering a balance across the conference topics: preference will be given to topics that are under-represented in the other tracks. 
  Would be ineligible as a journal-first presentation at the next SE3 conference (ICSE/FSE/ASE) – because its acceptance date precedes the next conference’s window of journal acceptance dates for JF presentations. 
  If there is further need to select from papers with the same priority, then they will be randomly selected. However, we will do our best to avoid this situation.  
 Important Dates   
 Journal First Submissions Deadline: 21 October 2024 
  Journal First Acceptance Notification: 10 December, 2024 
  Submissions close at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12) 
  Conference Attendance Expectation   
 If a submission is accepted for the journal-first program, the specified presenter must register for and attend the full 3-day technical conference and present the paper. The presentation is expected to be delivered in person, unless this is impossible due to travel limitations (related to, e.g., health, visa, or COVID-19 prevention). Each journal-first presentation will be scheduled in a session with topically-related Technical Track, NIER, SEIP, and/or SEIS papers. The journal-first manuscripts are published through the journals and will not be part of the ICSE proceedings. The journal-first papers will be listed in the conference program.  

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Tue 10 Dec 2024  
  Acceptance Notification 

 Journal-first Papers    
   
 Arnon Sturm Journal First Co-Chair    
 Ben-Gurion University of the Negev   
 Israel 
  Haipeng Cai Journal First Co-Chair    
 University at Buffalo, SUNY   
 United States 

 x  Thu 5 Dec 12:40    

  ICSE 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Main Plenaries   
  Research Track   
  SE In Practice (SEIP)   
  SE in Society (SEIS)   
  New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER)   
  Journal-first Papers   
  Demonstrations   
  Artifact Evaluation   
  Industry Challenge Track   
  Software Engineering Education   
  Posters   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Shadow PC   
  Workshops   
  Tutorials and Technical Briefings   
  New Faculty Symposium   
  Symposium on Software Engineering in the Global South (SEiGS)   
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   
  Social And Networking   
  Meetings and BOFs   
  Student Mentoring Workshop (SMeW)   
  Student Volunteers    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 AST 2025   
  CAIN 2025   
  CHASE 2025   
  CSEE&T 2025   
  FORGE 2025   
  FormaliSE 2025   
  ICPC 2025   
  ICSR 2025   
  MOBILESoft 2025   
  MSR 2025   
  SEAMS 2025   
  TechDebt 2025   
  Workshops  
 AIOps 2025   
  APR 2025   
  BotSE 2025   
  DeepTest 2025   
  Designing 2025   
  EnCyCriS 2025   
  FTW 2025   
  FinanSE 2025   
  GAS 2025   
  GE@ICSE 2025   
  GI 2025   
  GREENS 2025   
  Gamify 2025   
  IDE 2025   
  IWSiB 2025   
  LLM4Code 2025   
  MO2RE 2025   
  NLBSE 2025   
  NSE 2025   
  Q-SE 2025   
  RAIE 2025   
  RAISE 2025   
  RoSE 2025   
  SATrends 2025   
  SBFT 2025   
  SE4ADS 2025   
  SERP4IoT 2025   
  SESoS   
  STATIC 2025   
  SVM 2025   
  WETSEB 2025   
  WSESE 2025    

 Attending  
 Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre)   
  Registration   
  Hotels   
  Visa and Travel Authorization Information for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Travelling to Ottawa   
  Getting Around Ottawa   
  Food at ICSE2025   
  Code of Conduct for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan for ICSE 2025   
  Fun Activities    
  ICSE on Facebook   
   
   ICSE on X   

  Important dates data: 
ICSE 2025   Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025 Ottawa, Ontario, Canada    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre) 
  Registration 
  Hotels 
  Visa and Travel Authorization 
  Travelling to Ottawa 
  Getting Around Ottawa 
  Food at ICSE2025 
  Code of Conduct 
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan 
  Fun Activities 
  Sponsorship 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Panels 
  Receptions and Banquet 
  Tutorials 
  Networking Events 
  Meetings and BOF events 
  Technical Briefings 
  Recreational Activities 
  Submitting to ICSE2025: Q&A 
  Tracks | ICSE 2025 
  Main Plenaries 
  Research Track 
  SE In Practice (SEIP) 
  SE in Society (SEIS) 
  New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) 
  Journal-first Papers 
  Demonstrations 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Industry Challenge Track 
  Software Engineering Education 
  Posters 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Shadow PC 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials and Technical Briefings 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  Symposium on Software Engineering in the Global South (SEiGS) 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Social And Networking 
  Meetings and BOFs 
  Student Mentoring Workshop (SMeW) 
  Student Volunteers 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST 
  CAIN | CAIN 
  CAIN  Research and Experience Papers 
  CAIN  Doctoral Symposium 
  CAIN  Industry Talks 
  CAIN  Posters 
  CAIN  Scope 
  CHASE | CHASE 
  CHASE  Research Track 
  CHASE  Journal First and Journal Fast 
  CSEE&T  Software Engineering Education 
  FORGE | FORGE 
  FORGE  Research Papers 
  FORGE  Industry Papers 
  FORGE  Data and Benchmarking 
  FORGE  Tutorials 
  FormaliSE | FormaliSE  Research Track 
  FormaliSE  Artifact Track 
  ICPC | ICPC 
  ICPC  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  ICPC  Journal First 
  ICPC  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  ICPC  Research Track 
  ICPC  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSR 
  MOBILESoft | MOBILESoft 
  MOBILESoft  Research Track 
  MOBILESoft  App Track 
  MSR | MSR 
  MSR  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  MSR  FOSS Award 
  MSR  Industry Track 
  MSR  Junior PC 
  MSR  Awards 
  MSR  Mining Challenge 
  MSR  Registered Reports 
  MSR  Technical Papers 
  MSR  Vision and Reflection 
  SEAMS | SEAMS 
  SEAMS  Research Track 
  SEAMS  Artifact Track 
  TechDebt | TechDebt 
  TechDebt  Technical Papers 
  TechDebt  Journal First 
  TechDebt  Junior Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  AIOps  AI for Cloud Service 
  APR  Automated Program Repair 
  BotSE  Bots in SE 
  DeepTest  Deep Learning <-> Testing 
  Designing  Software Design 
  EnCyCriS  Cybersecurity of Critical Systems 
  FTW  Flaky Tests Workshop 
  FinanSE  SE Challenges in Financial Firms 
  GAS  Games and SE 
  GE@ICSE  Gender Equality 
  GI  Genetic Improvement 
  GREENS  Green and Sustainable Software 
  Gamify  Gamification in Development + V & V 
  IDE  Integrated Development Environments 
  IWSiB 
  LLM4Code  Large Language Models for Code 
  MO2RE  Multi-Discip. Requirements Engineering 
  NLBSE  Natural Language Based SE 
  NSE  Neuro-Symbolic SE 
  Q-SE  Quantum SE 
  RAIE  Responsible AI Engineering 
  RAISE  Requirements Engg. for AI-Powered SW 
  RoSE  Robotics Software Engineering 
  SATrends  Software Architecture Trends 
  SBFT  Search-Based and Fuzz testing 
  SE4ADS  SE for Autonomous Driving Systems 
  SERP4IoT  SE for the Internet of Things 
  SESoS  Systems of Systems and Ecosystems 
  STATIC  Advancing Static Analysis 
  SVM  Software Vulnerability Management 
  WETSEB  SE for Blockchain 
  WSESE  Empirical Studies in SE 
  Organization | ICSE 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Research Track 
  SE In Practice (SEIP) 
  SE in Society (SEIS) 
  New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) 
  Journal-first Papers 
  Demonstrations | Demonstrations 
  Program Committee 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  Industry Challenge Track 
  Posters 
  Doctoral Symposium | Doctoral Symposium 
  Program Committee 
  Shadow PC 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials and Technical Briefings 
  New Faculty Symposium 
  Symposium on Software Engineering in the Global South (SEiGS) | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition 
  Student Mentoring Workshop (SMeW) | Student Mentoring Workshop Organizing Committee 
  Student Mentoring Workshop Steering Committee 
  Student Volunteers 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  AST | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  CAIN | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Research and Experience Papers 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Industry Talks 
  Posters 
  CHASE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  CSEE&T | Organizing Committee 
  Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FORGE | Organization Committee 
  Research Papers 
  Industry Papers 
  Data and Benchmarking 
  Tutorials 
  FormaliSE | Research Track  Organization Committee 
  Research Track  Program Committee 
  Artifact Track 
  ICPC | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Early Research Achievements (ERA) 
  Journal First 
  Replications and Negative Results (RENE) 
  Research Track 
  Tool Demonstration 
  ICSR | Organizing Committee 
  Organization committee 
  Program Committee 
  MOBILESoft | Organizing Committee 
  Research Track 
  App Track  Organizing Committee 
  App Track  Program Committee 
  MSR | Organizing Committee 
  Data and Tool Showcase Track 
  FOSS Award 
  Industry Track 
  Junior PC 
  MSR Awards 
  Mining Challenge 
  Registered Reports 
  Technical Papers 
  Vision and Reflection 
  SEAMS | Organizing Committee 
  MIP Award Committee 
  Research Track 
  Artifact Track 
  TechDebt | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Papers 
  Junior Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  AIOps | N/A - check homepage 
  APR | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  BotSE | Organizing Committee 
  Publicity Chair 
  Web Chair 
  Program Committee 
  DeepTest | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Designing | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EnCyCriS | Organization Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FTW | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FinanSE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  GAS | Co-organizers 
  GE@ICSE | Program Committee 
  GI | Organizing Committee 
  GREENS | N/A - check homepage 
  Gamify | Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Publicity and Web Chair 
  IDE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  IWSiB | Organizing committee 
  Program Committee 
  LLM4Code | N/A - check homepage 
  MO2RE | Organizing Committee 
  NLBSE | N/A - check homepage 
  NSE | Organising Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Q-SE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RAIE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Publicity and Web Chair 
  RAISE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  RoSE | RoSE 2025 OC 
  RoSE 2025 PC 
  SATrends | Organising Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SBFT | N/A - check homepage 
  SE4ADS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Web & Publicity Chair 
  SERP4IoT | Program Committee 
  SESoS | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Publicity Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  STATIC | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SVM | Organizing Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  WETSEB | N/A - check homepage 
  WSESE | Organizing Committee 
  Web Chair 
  Proceedings Chair 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
    ICSE 2025 
  ICSE 2024 
  ICSE 2023 
  ICSE 2022 
  ICSE 2021 
  ICSE 2020 
  ICSE 2019 
  * ICSE 2018 * 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICSE 2025  ( series  ) /  Journal-first Papers ICSE 2025   
   
 Call for Contributions  
  
 ICSE has formed partnerships with prestigious software engineering journals to incorporate journal-first papers into the ICSE program. Through this initiative, authors of journal-first papers accepted in the partnering journals will be invited to present their work at ICSE, thus providing an opportunity for the authors to engage directly with the community and offering the ICSE attendees an additional dimension to the research track program.  
 The journals that support the journal-first model as partners with ICSE are:  
 IEEE Transaction on Software Engineering (IEEE TSE), 
  ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (ACM TOSEM), 
  Empirical Software Engineering (EMSE). 
  Scope   
 A submission to the ICSE 2025 call for journal-first paper presentations must adhere to the following criteria:  
 The associated journal paper needs to have been accepted to a journal from the above list no earlier than November 1st, 2023 and no later than October 10th, 2024. 
  The paper is in the scope of the conference. 
  The paper does not exclusively report a secondary study, e.g., systematic reviews, mapping studies, surveys. 
  The paper reports completely new research results and/or presents novel contributions that significantly extend and were not previously reported in prior work. | The paper does not extend prior work solely with additional proofs or algorithms (or other such details presented for completeness), additional empirical results, or minor enhancements or variants of the results presented in the prior work. 
  As a rough guide, a journal-first paper should have at least 70% new content over and above the content of previous publications. As such, the expectation is that an extension of a full 8-10 pages conference or workshop paper would not be deemed a journal-first paper. 
  The paper has not been presented at, and is not under consideration for, journal-first programs of other conferences. 
  How to Submit   
 The authors of any paper that meets the above criteria are invited to submit a (maximum) one-page presentation proposal consisting of the paper’s title, the paper’s authors, an extended abstract, and a pointer to the original journal paper at the journal’s Web site. If the journal paper is related to or builds on a previously published work (such as a tool demo or a poster), then the proposal must clearly and explicitly justify why the paper should be considered a journal first paper.  
 The template to use is the IEEE conference proceedings template, specified in the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines  (title in 24pt font and full text in 10pt type, LaTeX users must use \documentclass[10pt,conference]{IEEEtran} without including the compsoc or compsocconf options). It is important to note that these submissions will not  be published. The specified format is so that all the submissions have a consistent look to facilitate the selection process.  
 By submitting your article to an IEEE Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all IEEE Publications Policies.  
 Submission site: https://icse2025-jf.hotcrp.com/   
 Submissions must not exceed 1 page.  
 Evaluation and Selection   
 Authors will be invited to present their paper at ICSE 2025 after a check that the paper satisfies the above listed criteria. As the papers have already been reviewed and accepted by the journals, they will not be reviewed again for technical content. In the case that an exceptionally high number of submissions is received, not all papers will be selected. Priority will be given to the papers that:  
 Increase opportunities for authors to attend ICSE, who might not otherwise attend. In particular, priority will be given to papers whose specified presenter is not presenting other journal first or main research track papers. 
  Best fit the technical program, offering a balance across the conference topics: preference will be given to topics that are under-represented in the other tracks. 
  Would be ineligible as a journal-first presentation at the next SE3 conference (ICSE/FSE/ASE) – because its acceptance date precedes the next conference’s window of journal acceptance dates for JF presentations. 
  If there is further need to select from papers with the same priority, then they will be randomly selected. However, we will do our best to avoid this situation.  
 Important Dates   
 Journal First Submissions Deadline: 21 October 2024 
  Journal First Acceptance Notification: 10 December, 2024 
  Submissions close at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12) 
  Conference Attendance Expectation   
 If a submission is accepted for the journal-first program, the specified presenter must register for and attend the full 3-day technical conference and present the paper. The presentation is expected to be delivered in person, unless this is impossible due to travel limitations (related to, e.g., health, visa, or COVID-19 prevention). Each journal-first presentation will be scheduled in a session with topically-related Technical Track, NIER, SEIP, and/or SEIS papers. The journal-first manuscripts are published through the journals and will not be part of the ICSE proceedings. The journal-first papers will be listed in the conference program.  

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Tue 10 Dec 2024  
  Acceptance Notification 

 Journal-first Papers    
   
 Arnon Sturm Journal First Co-Chair    
 Ben-Gurion University of the Negev   
 Israel 
  Haipeng Cai Journal First Co-Chair    
 University at Buffalo, SUNY   
 United States 

 x  Thu 5 Dec 12:40    

  ICSE 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Main Plenaries   
  Research Track   
  SE In Practice (SEIP)   
  SE in Society (SEIS)   
  New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER)   
  Journal-first Papers   
  Demonstrations   
  Artifact Evaluation   
  Industry Challenge Track   
  Software Engineering Education   
  Posters   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Shadow PC   
  Workshops   
  Tutorials and Technical Briefings   
  New Faculty Symposium   
  Symposium on Software Engineering in the Global South (SEiGS)   
  SRC - ACM Student Research Competition   
  Social And Networking   
  Meetings and BOFs   
  Student Mentoring Workshop (SMeW)   
  Student Volunteers    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 AST 2025   
  CAIN 2025   
  CHASE 2025   
  CSEE&T 2025   
  FORGE 2025   
  FormaliSE 2025   
  ICPC 2025   
  ICSR 2025   
  MOBILESoft 2025   
  MSR 2025   
  SEAMS 2025   
  TechDebt 2025   
  Workshops  
 AIOps 2025   
  APR 2025   
  BotSE 2025   
  DeepTest 2025   
  Designing 2025   
  EnCyCriS 2025   
  FTW 2025   
  FinanSE 2025   
  GAS 2025   
  GE@ICSE 2025   
  GI 2025   
  GREENS 2025   
  Gamify 2025   
  IDE 2025   
  IWSiB 2025   
  LLM4Code 2025   
  MO2RE 2025   
  NLBSE 2025   
  NSE 2025   
  Q-SE 2025   
  RAIE 2025   
  RAISE 2025   
  RoSE 2025   
  SATrends 2025   
  SBFT 2025   
  SE4ADS 2025   
  SERP4IoT 2025   
  SESoS   
  STATIC 2025   
  SVM 2025   
  WETSEB 2025   
  WSESE 2025    

 Attending  
 Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre)   
  Registration   
  Hotels   
  Visa and Travel Authorization Information for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Travelling to Ottawa   
  Getting Around Ottawa   
  Food at ICSE2025   
  Code of Conduct for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan for ICSE 2025   
  Fun Activities    
  ICSE on Facebook   
   
   ICSE on X

16. Conference SoCS_3:
Skip to main content  Skip to main navigation menu  Skip to the current issue  Skip to site footer   
 Open Menu   Proceedings of the International Symposium on Combinatorial Search  
 Proceedings of the International Symposium on Combinatorial Search    
   
  Current 
  Archives 
  About | About the Journal 
  Submissions 
  Privacy Statement 
    Search  Search      

 Login 
    
   Search  Search      

   Current Issue  
 Vol. 17 (2024): Seventeenth International Symposium on Combinatorial Search   
   Edited by Ariel Felner, Jiaoyang Li   
  June 6–8, 2024, Kananaskis, Alberta, Canada.  
 Published by The AAAI Press, Washington, DC, USA  
  Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence  
  1101 Pennsylvania Ave, NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC 20004  
  All Rights Reserved. No part of this proceedings may be reproduced in any form by any electronic or mechanical means (including photocopying, recording, or information storage and retrieval) without permission in writing from the publisher.  
   
  308 pp., illus, references.  
   
  ISSN 2832-9163 (Online)  
  ISSN 2832-9171 (Print)  
  ISBN-10 1-57735-891-0  
  ISBN-13 978-1-57735-891-6  
 The Seventeenth International Symposium on Combinatorial Search (SoCS 2024) from June 6-8, 2024 in Kananaskis, Alberta, Canada. The symposium co-chairs were Ariel Felner and Jiaoyang Li.  
 The International Symposium on Combinatorial Search is meant to bring researchers in such areas together to exchange ideas and cross-fertilize the field. SoCS serves researchers and submissions in all fields that use combinatorial search, including artificial intelligence, planning, robotics, constraint programming, meta-reasoning, operations research, navigation, and bioinformatics. Papers exploring the boundaries between combinatorial search and planning & scheduling research are particularly welcome, given the co-location with the 2024 International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling (ICAPS 2024). The papers included in this issue have been organized into three categories — technical papers, position papers, and extended abstracts.  
   
 Published:  2024-06-01    
   
 Long Papers  
 Efficient and Exact Public Transport Routing via a Transfer Connection Database   
 Abdallah Abuaisha, Mark Wallace, Daniel Harabor, Bojie Shen  2-10   PDF 
  Heuristic Search for the Orienteering Problem with Time-Varying Reward   
 Chao Cao, Jinyun Xu, Ji Zhang, Howie Choset, Zhongqiang Ren  11-19   PDF 
  Avoiding Node Re-Expansions Can Break Symmetry Breaking   
 Mark Carlson, Daniel Harabor, Peter J. Stuckey  20-27   PDF 
  Generalized Longest Simple Path Problems: Speeding up Search Using SPQR Trees   
 Gal Dahan, Itay Tabib, Solomon Eyal Shimony, Yefim Dinitz  28-36   PDF 
  Introducing Delays in Multi Agent Path Finding   
 Justin Kottinger, Tzvika Geft, Shaull Almagor, Oren Salzman, Morteza Lahijanian  37-45   PDF 
  Solving Facility Location Problems via FastMap and Locality Sensitive Hashing   
 Ang Li, Peter J. Stuckey, Sven Koenig, T. K. Satish Kumar  46-54   PDF 
  Modeling Assistance for Hierarchical Planning: An Approach for Correcting Hierarchical Domains with Missing Actions   
 Songtuan Lin, Daniel Höller, Pascal Bercher  55-63   PDF 
  Multi-Agent Path Execution with Uncertainty   
 Yihao Liu, Xueyan Tang, Wentong Cai, Jingning Li  64-72   PDF 
  A Deterministic Search Approach for Solving Stochastic Drone Search and Rescue Planning Without Communications   
 Evgeny Mishlyakov, Mikhail Gruntov, Alexander Shleyfman, Erez Karpas  73-81   PDF 
  Prioritised Planning with Guarantees   
 Jonathan Morag, Yue Zhang, Daniel Koyfman, Zhe Chen, Ariel Felner, Daniel Harabor, Roni Stern  82-90   PDF 
  Curriculum Generation for Learning Guiding Functions in State-Space Search Algorithms   
 Sumedh Pendurkar, Levi H. S. Lelis, Nathan R. Sturtevant, Guni Sharon  91-99   PDF 
  Optimised Variants of Polynomial Compilation for Conditional Effects in Classical Planning   
 Francesco Percassi, Enrico Scala, Alfonso Emilio Gerevini  100-108   PDF 
  Unconstraining Multi-Robot Manipulation: Enabling Arbitrary Constraints in ECBS with Bounded Sub-Optimality   
 Yorai Shaoul, Rishi Veerapaneni, Maxim Likhachev, Jiaoyang Li  109-117   PDF 
  Neural Sequence Generation with Constraints via Beam Search with Cuts: A Case Study on VRP   
 Pouya Shati, Eldan Cohen, Sheila McIlraith  118-126   PDF 
  On the Properties of All-Pair Heuristics   
 Shahaf Shperberg, Ariel Felner, Lior Siag, Nathan R. Sturtevant  127-133   PDF 
  ITA-ECBS: A Bounded-Suboptimal Algorithm for Combined Target-Assignment and Path-Finding Problem   
 Yimin Tang, Sven Koenig, Jiaoyang Li  134-142   PDF 
  The Bench Transition System and Stochastic Exploration   
 Dawson Tomasz, Richard Valenzano  143-151   PDF 
  Clique Analysis and Bypassing in Continuous-Time Conflict-Based Search   
 Thayne T. Walker, Nathan R. Sturtevant, Ariel Felner  152-160   PDF 
  Real-time Safe Interval Path Planning   
 Devin Wild Thomas, Wheeler Ruml, Solomon Eyal Shimony  161-169   PDF 
  Tunable Suboptimal Heuristic Search   
 Stephen Wissow, Fanhao Yu, Wheeler Ruml  170-178   PDF 
  A-A*pex: Efficient Anytime Approximate Multi-Objective Search   
 Han Zhang, Oren Salzman, Ariel Felner, Carlos Hernández Ulloa, Sven Koenig  179-187   PDF 
  Bi-Criteria Diverse Plan Selection via Beam Search Approximation   
 Shanhe Zhong, Pouya Shati, Eldan Cohen  188-196   PDF 
    
 Short Papers  
 Hitting Set Heuristics for Overlapping Landmarks in Satisficing Planning   
 Clemens Büchner, Remo Christen, Salomé Eriksson, Thomas Keller  198-202   PDF 
  Novelty Heuristics, Multi-Queue Search, and Portfolios for Numeric Planning   
 Dillon Z. Chen, Sylvie Thiébaux  203-207   PDF 
  Efficient Set Dominance Checks in Multi-Objective Shortest-Path Algorithms via Vectorized Operations   
 Carlos Hernández Ulloa, Han Zhang, Sven Koenig, Ariel Felner, Oren Salzman  208-212   PDF 
  Some Orders Are Important: Partially Preserving Orders in Top-Quality Planning   
 Michael Katz, Junkyu Lee, Jungkoo Kang, Shirin Sohrabi  213-217   PDF 
  Optimal Unlabeled Pebble Motion on Trees   
 Pierre Le Bodic, Edward Lam  218-222   PDF 
  A Data Efficient Framework for Learning Local Heuristics   
 Rishi Veerapaneni, Jonathan Park, Muhammad Suhail Saleem, Maxim Likhachev  223-227   PDF 
  Speeding Up Dominance Checks in Multi-Objective Search: New Techniques and Data Structures   
 Han Zhang, Oren Salzman, Ariel Felner, T. K. Satish Kumar, Carlos Hernández Ulloa, Sven Koenig  228-232   PDF 
    
 Position Papers  
 Scaling Lifelong Multi-Agent Path Finding to More Realistic Settings: Research Challenges and Opportunities   
 He Jiang, Yulun Zhang, Rishi Veerapaneni, Jiaoyang Li  234-242   PDF 
  Fools Rush in Where Angels Fear to Tread in Multi-Goal CBS   
 Grigorios Mouratidis, Bernhard Nebel, Sven Koenig  243-251   PDF 
    
 Extended Abstracts  
 Parallelizing Multi-objective A* Search (Extended Abstract)   
 Saman Ahmadi  253-254   PDF 
  Finding a Small, Diverse Subset of the Pareto Solution Set in Bi-Objective Search (Extended Abstract)   
 Pablo Araneda, Carlos Hernández Ulloa, Nicolás Rivera, Jorge A. Baier  255-256   PDF 
  Extreme Value Monte Carlo Tree Search (Extended Abstract)   
 Masataro Asai, Stephen Wissow  257-258   PDF 
  Finiding All Optimal Solutions in Multi-Agent Path Finding (Extended Abstract)   
 Shahar Bardugo, Dor Atzmon  259-260   PDF 
  Crafting a Pogo Stick in Minecraft with Heuristic Search (Extended Abstract)   
 Yarin Benyamin, Argaman Mordoch, Shahaf Shperberg, Wiktor Piotrowski, Roni Stern  261-262   PDF 
  Taming Discretised PDDL+ through Multiple Discretisations (Extended Abstract)   
 Matteo Cardellini, Marco Maratea, Francesco Percassi, Enrico Scala, Mauro Vallati  263-264   PDF 
  Traffic Flow Optimisation for Lifelong Multi-Agent Path Finding (Extended Abstract)   
 Zhe Chen, Daniel Harabor, Jiaoyang Li, Peter J. Stuckey  265-266   PDF 
  Exploring Conflict Generating Decisions: Initial Results (Extended Abstract)   
 Md Solimul Chowdhury, Martin Müller, Jia-Huai You  267-268   PDF 
  Deployable Yet Effective Traffic Signal Optimisation via Automated Planning (Extended Abstract)   
 Anas El Kouaiti, Francesco Percassi, Alessandro Saetti, Thomas Leo McCluskey, Mauro Vallati  269-270   PDF 
  Lazy Evaluation of Negative Preconditions in Planning Domains (Extended Abstract)   
 Santiago Franco, Jamie O. Roberts, Sara Bernardini  271-272   PDF 
  Minimizing State Exploration While Searching Graphs with Unknown Obstacles (Extended Abstract)   
 Daniel Koyfman, Shahaf Shperberg, Dor Atzmon, Ariel Felner  273-274   PDF 
  A New Upper Bound for the Makespan of Cost-Optimal Solutions for Multi-Agent Path Finding (Extended Abstract)   
 Rodrigo López, Roberto Asín-Achá, Jorge A. Baier  275-276   PDF 
  Evaluating Distributional Predictions of Search Time: Put Up or Shut Up Games (Extended Abstract)   
 Sean Mariasin, Andrew Coles, Erez Karpas, Wheeler Ruml, Solomon Eyal Shimony, Shahaf Shperberg  277-278   PDF 
  A Quality Diversity Approach to Automatically Generate Multi-Agent Path Finding Benchmark Maps (Extended Abstract)   
 Cheng Qian, Yulun Zhang, Jiaoyang Li  279-280   PDF 
  Spectral Clustering in Rule-based Algorithms for Multi-agent Path Finding (Extended Abstract)   
 Irene Saccani, Kristýna Janovská, Pavel Surynek  281-282   PDF 
  On Parallel External-Memory Bidirectional Search (Extended Abstract)   
 Lior Siag, Shahaf Shperberg, Ariel Felner, Nathan R. Sturtevant  283-284   PDF 
  CoRe Challenge 2022/2023: Empirical Evaluations for Independent Set Reconfiguration Problems (Extended Abstract)   
 Takehide Soh, Tomoya Tanjo, Yoshio Okamoto, Takehiro Ito  285-286   PDF 
  Non-Refined Abstractions in Counterexample Guided Abstraction Refinement for Multi-Agent Path Finding (Extended Abstract)   
 Pavel Surynek  287-288   PDF 
  Mixed Integer Programming for Time-Optimal Multi-Robot Coverage Path Planning with Efficient Heuristics (Extended Abstract)   
 Jingtao Tang, Hang Ma  289-290   PDF 
  Large-Scale Multi-Robot Coverage Path Planning via Local Search (Extended Abstract)   
 Jingtao Tang, Hang Ma  291-292   PDF 
  From Space-Time to Space-Order: Directly Planning a Temporal Planning Graph by Redefining CBS (Extended Abstract)   
 Yu Wu, Rishi Veerapaneni, Jiaoyang Li, Maxim Likhachev  293-294   PDF 
  Optimal and Bounded Suboptimal Any-Angle Multi-agent Pathfinding (Extended Abstract)   
 Konstantin Yakovlev, Anton Andreychuk, Roni Stern  295-296   PDF 
  Multi-agent Motion Planning through Stationary State Search (Extended Abstract)   
 Jingtian Yan, Jiaoyang Li  297-298   PDF 
  Multi-Agent Motion Planning with Bézier Curve Optimization under Kinodynamic Constraints (Extended Abstract)   
 Jingtian Yan, Jiaoyang Li  299-300   PDF 
  A Short Summary of Multi-Agent Combinatorial Path Finding with Heterogeneous Task Duration (Extended Abstract)   
 Yuanhang Zhang, Hesheng Wang, Zhongqiang Ren  301-302   PDF 
  Planning and Exection in Multi-Agent Path Finding: Models and Algorithms (Extended Abstract)   
 Yue Zhang, Zhe Chen, Daniel Harabor, Pierre Le Bodic, Peter J. Stuckey  303-304   PDF 
  Multi-Robot Coordination and Layout Design for Automated Warehousing (Extended Abstract)   
 Yulun Zhang, Matthew C. Fontaine, Varun Bhatt, Stefanos Nikolaidis, Jiaoyang Li  305-306   PDF 
  Arbitrarily Scalable Environment Generators via Neural Cellular Automata (Extended Abstract)   
 Yulun Zhang, Matthew C. Fontaine, Varun Bhatt, Stefanos Nikolaidis, Jiaoyang Li  307-308   PDF 

 View All Issues   

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

17. Conference SSDBM_0:
37th International Conference on Scalable Scientific Data Management  
 June 23–25, 2025 — Columbus, Ohio  
 Home 
  Organization Committee 
  Full Papers Program Committee 
  Short and Demo Papers Program Committee 
  Contribute 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Short and Demo Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Sponsors 
  Program 
  Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted Papers 
  Attend 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  Registration 
  Travel & Visa Information 
  Conference Venue 
  Accommodation 
   
 Important Dates  
 Paper submission deadline (Main Track)  : Feb 23rd, 2025  
 Paper submission deadline (Short and Demo papers)  : Mar 11th, 2025  
 Paper submission deadline (Posters)  : Mar 31st, 2025  
 Notification for acceptance (Papers)  : Apr 4th, 2025  
 Notification for acceptance (Short and Demo papers)  : Apr 14th, 2025  
 Notification for acceptance (Posters)  : Apr 14th, 2025  
 Camera-Ready Deadline  : TBD, 2025  
 Author Registration Deadline  : TBD, 2025  
 Supporters  

 Hosted on GitHub Pages — Theme by orderedlist    

 Welcome to SSDBM 2025  
 The International Conference on Scalable Scientific Data Management 2025 is aimed to bring together domain experts, data management researchers, practitioners, and developers for the presentation and exchange of the latest research results on concepts, tools, and techniques for scalable and scientific data management. Previous editions of SSDBM focused on scientific statistical databases. In 2025, the scope of the 37th edition of SSDBM will be expanded to all scalable and scientific data management fields. The name of the conference is changed to International Conference on Scalable Scientific Data Management  from the International Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management, while keeping the acronym SSDBM.  
 The new SSDBM conference will provide a forum for original research contributions and practical system design, implementation and evaluation of latest advances in scalable and scientific data management. The conference program typically consists of a single track to facilitate discussion, and contains presentations of invited talks, panel sessions, and demonstrations of research prototypes and industrial systems.  
 SSDBM 2025 will be hosted by The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. The conference will be held on June 23 - 25, 2025, in the Ideation Zone of the Translational Data Analytics Institute. SSDBM 2025 will continue the tradition of past SSDBM meetings in providing a stimulating environment to encourage discussion, fellowship and exchange of ideas in all aspects of research related to scientific and statistical data management, and high-performance data analysis tools and techniques for distributed datasets.  
 Announcements  
 Call for Papers is announced! Please see this page | call for paper | for full details. 
  Call for Short & Demo Papers is announced! Please see this page | call for demo paper | for full details. 
  Call for Posters is announced! Please see this page | call for poster | for full details. 
  Submission site is now open: | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ssdbm2025 
  Conference Officers  
 Organization Committee  
 General Chair   
  Suren Byna, The Ohio State University  
   
 General Vice Chair   
  Anthony Kougkas, Illinois Institute of Technology  
   
 Program Co-chairs   
  Venkat Vishwanath, Argonne National Laboratory  
  Sarah Neuwirth, Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz  
   
 Short and demo paper Co-chairs   
  Dong Dai, University of Delaware  
  Jalil Boukhobza, ENSTA-Bretagne  
  Alfredo Cuzzocrea, University of Calabria  
   
 Student Posters Competition co-chairs   
  Jay Lofstead, Sandia National Laboratory  
  Karly Harrod, Oak Ridge National Laboratory  
   
 Proceedings Chair   
  Jean Luca Bez, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory  
   
 Local Event Coordinators   
  TBD  
   
 Web Chair   
  Houjun Tang, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory  
   
 Publicity chair   
  Chen Wang, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory  
   
 Steering Committee   

  
Call for papers data: 
  37th International Conference on Scalable Scientific Data Management  
 June 23–25, 2025 — Columbus, Ohio  
 Home 
  Organization Committee 
  Full Papers Program Committee 
  Short and Demo Papers Program Committee 
  Contribute 
  Call for Papers 
  Call for Short and Demo Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Sponsors 
  Program 
  Overview 
  Keynotes 
  Accepted Papers 
  Attend 
  Camera Ready Instructions 
  Registration 
  Travel & Visa Information 
  Conference Venue 
  Accommodation 
   
 Important Dates  
 Paper submission deadline (Main Track)  : Feb 23rd, 2025  
 Paper submission deadline (Short and Demo papers)  : Mar 11th, 2025  
 Paper submission deadline (Posters)  : Mar 31st, 2025  
 Notification for acceptance (Papers)  : Apr 4th, 2025  
 Notification for acceptance (Short and Demo papers)  : Apr 14th, 2025  
 Notification for acceptance (Posters)  : Apr 14th, 2025  
 Camera-Ready Deadline  : TBD, 2025  
 Author Registration Deadline  : TBD, 2025  
 Supporters  

 Hosted on GitHub Pages — Theme by orderedlist    

 Full papers Program Committee  
 Chairs   
   
 Program Committee   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

18. Conference SSDBM_1:
Scientific and Statistical Database Management Conference   

 About SSDBM   
 This international conference brings together scientific domain experts, databases researchers, practitioners and developers for the presentation and exchange of current research on concepts, tools and techniques for scientific and statistical database applications. SSDBM provides a forum for original research contributions in system design, implementation evaluation, and application. Individual themes differ year to year with the main focus remaining on databases theory and application in the scientific and statistical fields. Past themes included bioinformatics (genomics, biodiversity informatics including biological databases), geospatial and sensor databases, geological databases, data mining, metadata management, conceptual models, data integration visualization, and system architectures. The priority areas are supplemented with invited talks and panel sessions, and illustrated with demonstrations of research prototypes and industrial systems. The conference takes place in a single plenary session to facilitate the viewing of all presentations by all attendees. The conferences are hosted by institutions around the world currently about half of them occuring in North America.  
   
 SSDBM 2025, June 23-25, 2025  : Columbus, Ohio, USA   
   
 Past SSDBM Conferences   
 2024, Rennes France: Homepage   
 2023, Los Angeles, California, USA: Homepage   
 2022, Copenhagen, Denmark: Homepage   
 2021, Tampa, Florida, USA: Homepage   
 2020, Vienna, Austria: Homepage   
 2019, Santa Cruz, California, USA: Homepage   
 2018, Bozen-Bolzano, Italy: Homepage   
 2017, Chicago, Illinois, USA: Homepage   
 2016, Budapest, Hungary: Homepage   
 2015, San Diego, CA, USA: Homepage   
 2014, Aalborg, Denmark: Homepage   
 2013, Baltimore, Maryland, USA: Homepage   
 2012, Crete, Greece: Homepage   
 2011, Portland, Oregon, USA: Homepage   
 2010, Heidelberg, Germany: Homepage   
 2009, New Orleans, LA, USA: Homepage   
 2008, Hong Kong: Homepage   
 2007, Banff, Canada: Homepage   
 2006, Vienna, Austria: Homepage   
 2005, Santa Barbara, California, USA: Homepage   
 2004, Santorini, Greece: Homepage   
 2003, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA: Homepage   
 2002, Edinburgh, Scotland: Homepage   
 2001, Fairfax, Virginia, USA  
 2000, Berlin, Germany  
 1999, Cleveland, Ohio, USA  
 1998, Capri, Italy  
 1997, Olympia, Washington, USA: Homepage   
 1996, Stockholm, Sweden  
 1994, Charlottesville, Virginia, USA  
 1992, Monte Verita, Switzerland  
 1990, Charlotte, North Carolina, USA  
 1988, Rome, Italy  
 1986, Luxembourg  
 1983, Los Altos, California, USA  
 1981, Menlo Park, California, USA  
   
 Site maintained by the Scientific Data Management Group, SDD, LBNL   
 Last updated 17 January, 2023. Contact: John Wu (sdmsupport (at) lbl.gov)  

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

19. Conference SSPR_0:
Skip to content  twitter 
  youtube 
  linkedin 

 Ethics Policy 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

  About Us | 50th Anniversary 
  Constitution & Bylaws | Constitution 
  By-Laws 
  Statutes 
  Statement of Ethics 
  Privacy Policy 
  Research Scholarships 
  IAPR Membership 
  Diversity in IAPR 
  History of IAPR 
  Industrial Affiliates 
  Internships 
  IAPR on YouTube 
  Contact Us 
  Conferences | Conference Schedule 
  ICPR | ICPR Proposals 
  ICPR Workshop Application Form 
  Sponsorship/Endorsement | Sponsorship/Endorsement Rules 
  How to Apply 
  Apply for Sponsorship/Endorsement 
  Summer and Winter Schools 
  Conference Archives 
  Committees | Governing Board 
  Executive Committee 
  Standing Committees 
  Technical Committees 
  Ad Hoc Committees 
  Committee Guidelines 
  Fellows | Getting to Know IAPR Fellows 
  Alphabetical List of IAPR Fellows 
  Chronological List of IAPR Fellows 
  Call for Nominations 
  Awards | ICPR Awards | King-Sun Fu Prize 
  J. K. Aggarwal Prize 
  Maria Petrou Prize 
  P. Zamperoni Award 
  Best Industry Related Paper Award 
  Certificates of Appreciation 
  S+SSPR Awards | Pierre Devijver Award 
  TC4 Awards at IJCB | Best Biometrics Student Paper Award 
  Senior Biometrics Investigator 
  Young Biometrics Investigator 
  ICDAR Awards | Outstanding Achievements 
  Young Investigator 
  Procedures for Award Recipients 
  Publications | IAPR Newsletter | IAPR Newsletter Archive 
  IAPR Publications 
  Newsletter Editors-in-Chief 
  News | All IAPR News 
  Governing Board Meetings 
  Subscribe to Our Mailing List 

 Conference Schedule  
 Home     » Conferences     » Conference Schedule       

 Conferences and workshops that have met the requirements for IAPR sponsorship or endorsement set forth by the IAPR Conferences and Meetings Committee  .  
  These events were determined to have a strong likelihood to have an international scope and make significant contributions to topics central to the study of pattern recognition and its applications. Further information about sponsorship and endorsement can be found here  .  
  — IAPR Sponsored Event   
   
 2026  
 ICPR 2026    
  28th International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Lyon, France  
  Deadline: TBD  
  Date: August 16–20, 2026   
 2025  
 ICIAP 2025    
  23rd International Conference on Image Analysis and Processing   
  Rome, Italy  
  Deadline: February 1, 2025  
  Date: September 15–19, 2025   
 MVA 2025  
  19th International Conference on Machine Vision Application   
  Kyoto, Japan  
  Deadline: TBD  
  Date: July 26–28, 2025    
 IbPRIA 2025    
  12th Iberian Conference on Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis   
  Coimbra, Portugal  
  Deadline: TBD  
  Date: June 30, 2025 to July 3, 2025   
 GbR 2025    
  14th IAPR TC15 Workshop on Graph-based Representations in Pattern Recognition   
  Caen, France  
  Deadline: February 3, 2025  
  Date: June 25–27, 2025   
 ICPRAM 2025    
  14th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Applications and Methods   
  Porto, Portugal  
  Deadline: October 2, 2024  
  Date: February 23–25, 2025   
 VISAPP 2025    
  20th International Conference on Computer Vision Theory and Applications   
  Porto, Portugal  
  Deadline: October 2, 2024  
  Date: February 23–25, 2025   
 ROBOVIS 2025    
  5th International Conference on Robotics, Computer Vision and Intelligent Systems   
  Porto, Portugal  
  Deadline: October 2, 2024  
  Date: February 23–25, 2025   
 WSB 2025    
  IAPR/IEEE Winter School on Biometrics 2025   
  Shenzhen, China  
  Deadline: December 31, 2024  
  Date: January 12–16, 2025   
 2024  
 CVIP 2024    
  9th International Conference on Computer Vision and Image Processing   
  Chennai, India  
  Deadline: April 30, 2024  
  Date: December 19–21, 2024   
 MPRSS 2024    
  Multimodal Pattern Recognition for Social Signal processing in human computer interaction (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: TBD  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 AI4D 2024    
  AI for De-escalation: Enhancing Human Security, Equality & Dignity (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: September 30, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 IMTA 2024    
  9th International Workshop Image Mining, Theory and Applications (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: September 27, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 RRPR 2024    
  5th Workshop on Reproducible Research in Pattern Recognition (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: September 5, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 MCMI 2024    
  Multi- and Cross-Modal Information for enhanced pattern recognition (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: August 30, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 CWE 2024    
  Challenges in Wireless Capsule Endoscopy (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: August 15, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 PRRS 2024    
  13th International Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing(held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: August 12, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 PRHA 2024    
  3rd International Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Healthcare Analytics (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: August 12, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 MMforWILD 2024    
  3rd Workshop on MultiMedia FORensics in the WILD (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: August 11, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 AISIA 2024    
  Artificial Intelligence for Surgical Image Analysis (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: August 10, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 IMUE 2024    
  First workshop on Intelligent Mobility in Unstructured Environment (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: August 10, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 AIHA 2024    
  Artificial Intelligence for Healthcare Applications (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: August 9, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 CVAUI 2024    
  6th Workshop on Computer Vision for Analysis of Underwater Imagery (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: August 7, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 XAIE 2024    
  3rd Workshop on Explainable and Ethical AI (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: July 30, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 MMVPR 2024    
  Multi-Modal Visual Pattern Recognition (held in conjunction with ICPR 2024)   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: July 26, 2024  
  Date: December 1, 2024   
 ICPR 2024    
  27th International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: March 20, 2024  
  Date: December 1–5, 2024   
 DICTA 2024    
  International Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Perth, Western Australia  
  Deadline: July 22, 2024  
  Date: November 27–29, 2024   
 DICTA 2024    
  The International Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Perth, Western Australia  
  Deadline: July 22, 2024  
  Date: November 27–29, 2024   
 CIARP 2024    
  27th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Talca, Chile  
  Deadline: June 1, 2024  
  Date: November 26–29, 2024   
 LATAM SSABT 2024    
  1st IAPR LATAM Summer School on Advanced Biometrics Techniques (held in conjunction with CIARP 2024)   
  Talca, Chile  
  Deadline: October 15, 2024  
  Date: November 25–27, 2024   
 ICCPR 2024    
  13th International Conference on Computing and Pattern Recognition   
  Tianjin, China  
  Deadline: August 25, 2024  
  Date: October 25–27, 2024   
 ANNPR 2024    
  11th TC-3 Workshop on Artificial Neural Networks in Pattern Recognition   
  Montreal, Canada  
  Deadline: May 14, 2024  
  Date: October 10–12, 2024   
 CCIW 2024    
  Computational Color Imaging Workshop 2024   
  Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: May 15, 2024  
  Date: September 25–27, 2024   
 IJCB 2024    
  IEEE/IAPR International Joint Conference on Biometrics   
  Buffalo, New York, USA  
  Deadline: April 30, 2024  
  Date: September 15–18, 2024   
 S+SSPR 2024    
  Joint IAPR International Workshops on Statistical Techniques in Pattern Recognition and Structural and Syntactic Pattern Recognition   
  Venice, Italy  
  Deadline: June 23, 2024  
  Date: September 9–11, 2024   
 DAS 2024    
  16th IAPR International Workshop on Document Analysis Systems (held in conjunction with ICDAR 2024)   
  Athens, Greece  
  Deadline: May 22, 2024  
  Date: August 30–31, 2024   
 MANPU 2024    
  6th International Workshop on coMics ANalysis, Processing and Understanding (held in conjunction with ICDAR 2024)   
  Athens, Greece  
  Deadline: May 7, 2024  
  Date: August 30, 2024   
 ICDAR 2024    
  18th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Athens, Greece  
  Deadline: February 1, 2024  
  Date: August 30, 2024 to September 4, 2024   
 ICPRS 2024    
  14th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Systems   
  London, UK  
  Deadline: March 6, 2024  
  Date: July 15–18, 2024   
 DeLTA 2024    
  5th International Conference on Deep Learning Theory and Applications   
  Dijon, France  
  Deadline: February 15, 2024  
  Date: July 10–11, 2024   
 ICPRAI 2024    
  4th International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence   
  Jeju Island, South Korea  
  Deadline: January 20, 2024  
  Date: July 3–6, 2024   
 ISPR 2024    
  4th International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Pattern Recognition   
  Istanbul, Turkey  
  Deadline: April 21, 2024  
  Date: June 26–28, 2024   
 GRAPHADON 2024    
  1st IAPR/CNRS Summer School on Graphs for Data Analysis   
  Rouen, France  
  Deadline: May 20, 2024  
  Date: June 24–28, 2024   
 MCPR 2024    
  16th Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Xalapa, Veracruz, México  
  Deadline: February 26, 2024  
  Date: June 19–22, 2024   
 SSB 2024    
  21st International Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics for Secure Authentication: Trustful, Fair and Privacy-Friendly   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: February 29, 2024  
  Date: June 3–7, 2024   
 DGMM 2024    
  Third International Conference on Discrete Geometry and Mathematical Morphology   
  Florence, Italy  
  Deadline: October 1, 2023  
  Date: April 15–18, 2024   
 VISAPP 2024    
  19th International Conference on Computer Vision Theory and Applications   
  Rome, Italy  
  Deadline: October 9, 2023  
  Date: February 27–29, 2024   
 ROBOVIS 2024    
  4th International Conference on Robotics, Computer Vision and Intelligent Systems   
  Rome, Italy  
  Deadline: October 9, 2023  
  Date: February 25–27, 2024   
 ICPRAM 2024    
  13th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Application and Methods   
  Rome, Italy  
  Deadline: October 9, 2023  
  Date: February 24–26, 2024   
 2023  
 PReMI 2023    
  10th International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Machine Intelligence   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: March 31, 2023  
  Date: December 12–15, 2023   
 CVMI 2023    
  2nd International Conference on Computer Vision and Machine Intelligence   
  Gwalior, India  
  Deadline: August 15, 2023  
  Date: December 10–11, 2023   
 CCBR 2023    
  17th Chinese Conference on Biometric Recognition   
  Xuzhou, China  
  Deadline: July 15, 2023  
  Date: December 1–3, 2023   
 CIARP 2023    
  26th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Coimbra, Portugal  
  Deadline: July 1, 2023  
  Date: November 27–30, 2023   
 ACPR 2023    
  7th Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Kitakyushu, Japan  
  Deadline: May 15, 2023  
  Date: November 5–8, 2023   
 CVIP 2023    
  8th International Conference on Computer Vision and Image Processing   
  Jammu, Jammu & Kashmir, India  
  Deadline: May 1, 2023  
  Date: November 3–5, 2023   
 ICCPR 2023    
  12th International Conference on Computing and Pattern Recognition   
  Qingdao, China  
  Deadline: September 5, 2023  
  Date: October 27–29, 2023   
 IJCB 2023    
  2023 IAPR/IEEE International Joint Conference on Biometrics   
  Llubljana, Slovenia  
  Deadline: May 8, 2023  
  Date: September 25–28, 2023   
 GbR 2023    
  13th IAPR TC15 International Workshop on Graph-Based Representations in Pattern Recognition   
  Vietri sul Mare, Italy  
  Deadline: April 14, 2023  
  Date: September 6–8, 2023   
 HIP 2023    
  7th International Workshop on Historical Document Imaging and Processing (held in conjunction with ICDAR 2023)   
  San Jose, California, USA  
  Deadline: May 12, 2023  
  Date: August 25–26, 2023   
 GREC 2023    
  15th IAPR International Workshop on Graphics Recognition (held in conjunction with ICDAR 2023)   
  San Jose, California, USA  
  Deadline: April 17, 2023  
  Date: August 25, 2023   
 ICDAR 2023    
  17th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  San Jose, California, USA  
  Deadline: January 22, 2023  
  Date: August 21–26, 2023   
 MVA 2023    
  18th International Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  Hamamatsu, Japan  
  Deadline: March 31, 2023  
  Date: July 23–25, 2023   
 DeLTA 2023    
  4th International Conference on Deep Learning Theory and Applications   
  Rome, Italy  
  Deadline: February 23, 2023  
  Date: July 13–14, 2023   
 ICPRS 2023    
  13th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Systems   
  Guayaquil, Ecuador  
  Deadline: March 6, 2023  
  Date: July 4–7, 2023   
 SSDA 2023    
  5th IAPR TC10/TC11 Summer School on Document Analysis   
  Fribourg, Switzerland  
  Deadline: June 23, 2023  
  Date: July 3–7, 2023   
 IbPRIA 2023    
  11th Iberian Conference on Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis   
  Alicante, Spain  
  Deadline: February 23, 2023  
  Date: June 27–30, 2023   
 MCPR 2023    
  15th Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Tepic, Nayarit, México  
  Deadline: February 20, 2023  
  Date: June 21–24, 2023   
 SSB 2023    
  20th International Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics for Secure Authentication: Reflections and Outlooks   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: February 15, 2023  
  Date: June 5–9, 2023   
 ISPR 2023    
  3rd International Conference on Intelligent Systems & Pattern Recognition   
  Hammamet, Tunisia  
  Deadline: January 15, 2023  
  Date: May 11–13, 2023   
 IWBF 2023    
  11th IAPR/IEEE International Workshop on Biometrics and Forensics   
  Barcelona, Spain  
  Deadline: January 30, 2023  
  Date: April 19–20, 2023   
 VISAPP 2023    
  12th International Conference on Computer Vision Theory and Applications   
  Lisbon, Portugal  
  Deadline: October 10, 2022  
  Date: February 19–21, 2023   
 ICPRAM 2023    
  12th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Applications and Methods   
  Lisbon, Portugal  
  Deadline: October 10, 2022  
  Date: February 16–18, 2023   
 WSB 2023    
  IAPR/IEEE Winter School on Biometrics 2023   
  Shenzhen, China  
  Deadline: November 30, 2022  
  Date: January 8–12, 2023   
 2022  
 ICFHR 2022    
  18th International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition   
  Hyderabad, India  
  Deadline: July 10, 2022  
  Date: December 4–7, 2022   
 ANNPR 2022    
  10th Workshop on Artificial Neural Networks in Pattern Recognition   
  Dubai, United Arab Emirates  
  Deadline: July 3, 2022  
  Date: November 24–26, 2022   
 ICVNZ 2022    
  Image and Vision Computing New Zealand 2022   
  Auckland, New Zealand  
  Deadline: September 23, 2022  
  Date: November 23–24, 2022   
 ICCPR 2022    
  11th International Conference on Computing and Pattern Recognition   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: June 10, 2022  
  Date: November 17–19, 2022   
 CVIP 2022    
  7th International Conference on Computer Vision & Image Processing   
  Nagpur, Maharashtra, India  
  Deadline: July 31, 2022  
  Date: November 4–6, 2022   
 DGMM 2022    
  2nd International Conference on Discrete Geometry and Mathematical Morphology   
  Strasbourg, France  
  Deadline: April 11, 2022  
  Date: October 24–27, 2022   
 IJCB 2022    
  2022 International Joint Conference on Biometrics   
  Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates  
  Deadline: April 15, 2022  
  Date: October 10–13, 2022   
 S+SSPR 2022    
  2022 Joint International Workshops on Statistical Techniques in Pattern Recognition (SPR) and Structural and Syntactic Pattern Recognition (SSPR)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: May 20, 2022  
  Date: August 26–27, 2022   
 MPRSS 2022    
  7th IAPR WS on Multimodal Pattern Recognition for Social Signal processing in human computer interaction (held in conjunction with ICPR 2022)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: TBD  
  Date: August 21, 2022   
 CVAUI 2022    
  5th Workshop on Computer Vision for Underwater Environmental Monitoring (held in conjunction with ICPR 2022)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: June 6, 2022  
  Date: August 21, 2022   
 IMTA 2022    
  8th International Workshop on Image Mining, Theory and Applications (held in conjunction with ICPR 2022)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: May 23, 2022  
  Date: August 21, 2022   
 PRRS 2022    
  12th Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing (held in conjunction with ICPR 2022)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: May 16, 2022  
  Date: August 21, 2022   
 RRPR 2022    
  4th Workshop on Reproducible Research in Pattern Recognition (held in conjunction with ICPR 2022)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: May 16, 2022  
  Date: August 21, 2022   
 PRHA 2022    
  International Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Healthcare Analytics (held in conjunction with ICPR 2022)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: May 10, 2022  
  Date: August 21, 2022   
 MANPU 2022    
  5th International Workshop on coMics ANalysis, Processing and Understanding (held in conjunction with ICPR 2022)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: May 6, 2022  
  Date: August 21, 2022   
 HBU 2022    
  12th Intl. Workshop on Human Behavior Understanding (held in conjunction with ICPR 2022)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: May 3, 2022  
  Date: August 21, 2022   
 XAIE 2022    
  2nd Workshop on Explainable and Ethical AI (held in conjunction with ICPR 2022)   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: April 30, 2022  
  Date: August 21, 2022   
 ICPR 2022    
  26th International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: January 17, 2022  
  Date: August 21–25, 2022   
 CVMI 2022    
  International Conference on Computer Vision and Machine Intelligence   
  Hybrid - Prayagraj, Uttar Pradesh, India  
  Deadline: April 15, 2022  
  Date: August 12–13, 2022   
 MCPR 2022    
  14th Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, México  
  Deadline: February 21, 2022  
  Date: June 22–25, 2022   
 IGS 2021    
  20th Conference of the International Graphonomics Society   
  Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain  
  Deadline: January 28, 2022  
  Date: June 7–9, 2022   
 ICPRS 2022    
  12th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Systems   
  Saint-Etienne, France  
  Deadline: January 23, 2022  
  Date: June 7–10, 2022   
 SSB 2022    
  19th International Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics for Secure Authentication: CONTINUALLY LEARNING BIOMETRICS   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: March 1, 2022  
  Date: June 6–10, 2022   
 ICPRAI 2022    
  3rd International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence   
  Paris, France  
  Deadline: January 15, 2022  
  Date: June 1–3, 2022   
 DAS 2022    
  15th IAPR International Workshop on Document Analysis Systems   
  Hybrid - La Rochelle, France  
  Deadline: January 15, 2022  
  Date: May 22–25, 2022   
 IbPRIA 2022    
  10th Iberian Conference on Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis   
  Aveiro, Portugal  
  Deadline: January 20, 2022  
  Date: May 4–6, 2022   
 ISPR 2022    
  2nd International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Patterns Recognition   
  Hybrid - Hammamet, Tunisia  
  Deadline: January 28, 2022  
  Date: March 24–26, 2022   
 VISAPP 2022    
  17th International Joint Conference on Computer Vision, Imaging and Computer Graphics Theory and Applications   
  Online  
  Deadline: November 29, 2021  
  Date: February 6–8, 2022   
 ICPRAM 2022    
  11th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Applications and Methods   
  Online Streaming  
  Deadline: September 14, 2021  
  Date: February 3–5, 2022   
 WSB 2022    
  2022 Winter School on Biometrics (Mixed mode)   
  Shenzhen, China  
  Deadline: November 25, 2021  
  Date: January 9–13, 2022   
 2021  
 CVIP 2021    
  6th Intl. Conf. Computer Vision and Image Processing   
  Hybrid - Rupnagar, Punjab, India  
  Deadline: June 30, 2021  
  Date: December 3–5, 2021   
 DICTA 2021    
  2021 International Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia  
  Deadline: August 10, 2021  
  Date: November 29, 2021 to December 1, 2021   
 ACPR 2021    
  6th Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Jeju, Korea  
  Deadline: July 10, 2021  
  Date: November 9–12, 2021   
 IWAIPR 2021    
  Seventh International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence and Pattern Recognition   
  Havana, Cuba  
  Deadline: June 11, 2021  
  Date: October 5–7, 2021   
 PRIP 2021    
  2021 International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Information Processing   
  Online - Minsk, Belarus  
  Deadline: August 8, 2021  
  Date: September 21–24, 2021   
 ICDAR 2021    
  16th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Lausanne, Switzerland  
  Deadline: February 24, 2021  
  Date: September 5–10, 2021   
 IJCB 2021    
  2021 International Joint Conference on Biometrics   
  Hybrid - Shenzhen, China  
  Deadline: March 24, 2021  
  Date: August 4–7, 2021   
 MVA 2021    
  17th International Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  Online or Hybrid - Nagoya, Japan  
  Deadline: March 31, 2021  
  Date: July 25–27, 2021   
 MCPR 2021    
  13th Mexican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Online - Mexico City, Mexico  
  Deadline: February 22, 2021  
  Date: June 23–26, 2021   
 SSB 2021    
  18th International Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics for Secure Authentication: BIOMETRICS FOR AI/AI FOR BIOMETRICS   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: April 15, 2021  
  Date: May 31, 2021 to June 4, 2021   
 DGMM 2021    
  1st International Conference on Discrete Geometry and Mathematical Morphology   
  Online - Uppsala, Sweden  
  Deadline: November 6, 2020  
  Date: May 24–27, 2021   
 CIARP 2021    
  25th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Online - Porto, Portugal  
  Deadline: February 14, 2021  
  Date: May 10–13, 2021   
 ICPRS 2021    
  11th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Systems   
  Mostly Online - CuricÃ³, Chile  
  Deadline: November 2, 2020  
  Date: March 17–19, 2021   
 VISAPP 2021    
  16th International Conference on Computer Vision Theory and Applications   
  Online - Vienna, Austria  
  Deadline: October 29, 2020  
  Date: February 8–10, 2021   
 ICPRAM 2021    
  10th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Applications and Methods   
  Online - Vienna, Austria  
  Deadline: October 29, 2020  
  Date: February 4–6, 2021   
 WSB21    
  2021 IAPR/IEEE Winter School on Biometrics   
  Shenzhen, China  
  Deadline: November 30, 2020  
  Date: January 24–28, 2021   
 S+SSPR 2020    
  IAPR Joint International Workshops on Statistical Techniques in Pattern Recognition (SPR) and Structural and Syntactic Pattern Recognition (SSPR)   
  Online - Padua, Italy  
  Deadline: November 1, 2020  
  Date: January 19–22, 2021   
 IWCF 2020    
  8th International Workshop on Computational Forensics   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: TBD  
  Date: January 11, 2021   
 MANPU 2020    
  4th International Workshop on coMics ANalysis, Processing and Understanding   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: October 17, 2020  
  Date: January 11, 2021   
 IMTA VII 2020    
  Image Mining, Theory and Applications 2020   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: October 10, 2020  
  Date: January 11, 2021   
 FAPER 2020    
  International Workshop on Fine Art Pattern Extraction and Recognition 2020   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: October 10, 2020  
  Date: January 11, 2021   
 WMWB 2020    
  TC4 Workshop on Mobile and Wearable Biometrics 2020   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: October 10, 2020  
  Date: January 11, 2021   
 RRPR 2020    
  Third Workshop on Reproducible Research in Pattern Recognition   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: October 10, 2020  
  Date: January 11, 2021   
 PRRS 2020/2021    
  11th IAPR International Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: October 10, 2020  
  Date: January 10, 2021   
 CVAUI 2020    
  4th Workshop on Computer Vision for Analysis of Underwater Imagery   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: October 10, 2020  
  Date: January 10, 2021   
 MPRSS 2020    
  6th International Workshop on Multimodal Pattern Recognition of Social Signals in human computer interaction   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: October 10, 2020  
  Date: January 10, 2021   
 ICPR 2020    
  25th International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Online - Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: April 15, 2020  
  Date: January 10–15, 2021   
 2020  
 MedPRAI 2020    
  4th Mediterranean Conference on Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence   
  Online - Hammamet, Tunisia  
  Deadline: July 15, 2020  
  Date: December 20–22, 2020   
 CVIP 2020    
  5th International Conference on Computer Vision & Image Processing   
  In-person/Online - Allahabad, India  
  Deadline: July 30, 2020  
  Date: December 4–6, 2020   
 DICTA 2020    
  2020 International Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Melbourne, Australia (online)  
  Deadline: July 31, 2020  
  Date: November 29, 2020 to December 2, 2020   
 ISPR 2020    
  First International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Pattern Recognition   
  Hammamet, Tunisia  
  Deadline: February 25, 2020  
  Date: October 16–18, 2020   
 IJCB 2020    
  2020 International Joint Conference on Biometrics   
  Online - Houston, Texas, USA  
  Deadline: June 8, 2020  
  Date: September 28, 2020 to October 1, 2020   
 ICFHR 2020    
  17th International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition   
  Online - Dortmund, Germany  
  Deadline: April 10, 2020  
  Date: September 7–10, 2020   
 ANNPR 2020    
  9th Workshop on Artificial Neural Networks in Pattern Recognition   
  Online - Winterthur, Switzerland  
  Deadline: June 19, 2020  
  Date: September 2–4, 2020   
 ISAIR 2020    
  5th International Symposium on Artificial Intelligence and Robotics   
  Online - Kitakyushu, Japan  
  Deadline: June 15, 2020  
  Date: August 8–10, 2020   
 DAS 2020    
  14th IAPR International Workshop on Document Analysis Systems   
  Online - Beijing, China  
  Deadline: January 15, 2020  
  Date: July 26–29, 2020   
 DeLTA 2020    
  1st International Conference on Deep Learning Theory and Applications   
  Online - Lieusaint-Paris, France  
  Deadline: March 31, 2020  
  Date: July 8–10, 2020   
 MCPR 2020    
  12th Mexican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Online - Morelia, Mexico  
  Deadline: February 24, 2020  
  Date: June 24–27, 2020   
 SSB 2020    
  17th International Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics for Secure Authentication: FORENSICS AND IDENTITY SCIENCE FOR HUMAN-CENTERED APPLICATIONS   
  Online - Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: February 15, 2020  
  Date: June 8–12, 2020   
 IWBF 2020    
  8th IAPR International Workshop on Biometrics and Forensics   
  Online - Porto, Portugal  
  Deadline: January 10, 2020  
  Date: April 29–30, 2020   
 ICPRAM 2020    
  9th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Applications and Methods   
  Valletta, Malta  
  Deadline: October 4, 2019  
  Date: February 22–24, 2020   
 WSB20    
  2020 IAPR/IEEE Winter School on Biometrics   
  Shenzhen, China  
  Deadline: October 31, 2019  
  Date: January 12–16, 2020   
 2019  
 MedPRAI 2019    
  The 3rd Mediterranean Conference on Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence   
  Istanbul, Turkey  
  Deadline: June 14, 2019  
  Date: December 22–24, 2019   
 PReMI 2019    
  8th International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Machine Intelligence   
  Tezpur, India  
  Deadline: May 6, 2019  
  Date: December 17–20, 2019   
 RFMI 2019    
  VIIIth Intl Workshop on Representation, analysis and recognition of shape and motion FroM Imaging data   
  Sidi Bou Said, Tunisia  
  Deadline: September 30, 2019  
  Date: December 11–12, 2019   
 DICTA 2019    
  2019 International Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Perth, Australia  
  Deadline: July 21, 2019  
  Date: December 2–4, 2019   
 ACPR 2019    
  5th Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Auckland, New Zealand  
  Deadline: August 1, 2019  
  Date: November 26–29, 2019   
 PSIVT 2019    
  9th Pacific-Rim Symposium on Image and Video Technology   
  Sydney, Australia  
  Deadline: July 15, 2019  
  Date: November 18–22, 2019   
 CIARP 2019    
  24th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Havana, Cuba  
  Deadline: May 18, 2019  
  Date: October 28–31, 2019   
 CVIP 2019    
  Fourth International Conference on Computer Vision and Image Processing   
  Jaipur, India  
  Deadline: May 15, 2019  
  Date: September 27–29, 2019   
 HDI 2019    
  2nd International Workshop on Human-Document Interaction (held in conjunction with ICDAR 2019)   
  Sydney, Australia  
  Deadline: June 5, 2019  
  Date: September 22, 2019   
 CBDAR 2019    
  8th International Workshop on Camera-Based Document Analysis and Recognition (held in conjunction with ICDAR 2019)   
  Sydney, Australia  
  Deadline: May 31, 2019  
  Date: September 22, 2019   
 ICDAR-OST 2019    
  2nd International Workshop on Open Services and Tools for Document Analysis (held in conjunction with ICDAR 2019)   
  Sydney, Australia  
  Deadline: June 1, 2019  
  Date: September 21, 2019   
 HIP 2019    
  5th International Workshop on Historical Document Imaging and Processing (held in conjunction with ICDAR 2019)   
  Sydney, Australia  
  Deadline: June 9, 2019  
  Date: September 20–21, 2019   
 GREC 2019    
  13th IAPR International Workshop on Graphics RECognition (held in conjunction with ICDAR 2019)   
  Sydney, Australia  
  Deadline: May 30, 2019  
  Date: September 20–21, 2019   
 ICDAR 2019    
  15th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Sydney, Australia  
  Deadline: February 15, 2019  
  Date: September 20–25, 2019   
 ICIAP 2019    
  20th International Conference on Image Analysis and Processing   
  Trento, Italy  
  Deadline: April 30, 2019  
  Date: September 9–13, 2019   
 CAIP 2019    
  18th International Conference on Computer Analysis of Images and Patterns   
  Salerno, Italy  
  Deadline: April 1, 2019  
  Date: September 3–5, 2019   
 ICIG 2019    
  The 10th International Conference on Image and Graphics   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: May 10, 2019  
  Date: August 23–25, 2019   
 ISAIR 2019    
  4th International Symposium on Artificial Intelligence and Robotics 2019   
  Daegu, Korea  
  Deadline: April 30, 2019  
  Date: August 20–24, 2019   
 ICPRS 2019    
  10th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Systems   
  Tours, France  
  Deadline: March 27, 2019  
  Date: July 8–10, 2019   
 IbPRIA 2019    
  9th Iberian Conference on Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis   
  Madrid, Spain  
  Deadline: April 30, 2019  
  Date: July 1–4, 2019   
 MCPR 2019    
  11th Mexican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Queretaro, Mexico  
  Deadline: February 18, 2019  
  Date: June 26–29, 2019   
 GbR 2019    
  12th International Workshop on Graph-based Representations   
  Tours, France  
  Deadline: December 12, 2018  
  Date: June 19–21, 2019   
 SCIA 2019    
  Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis (SCIA) 2019   
  Norrkoping, Sweden  
  Deadline: January 30, 2019  
  Date: June 11–13, 2019   
 ICB 2019    
  The 12th IAPR International Conference On Biometrics   
  Crete, Greece  
  Deadline: December 15, 2018  
  Date: June 4–7, 2019   
 SSB 2019    
  16th Int.l Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics for Secure Authentication: BIOMETRICS AND FORENSIC SCIENCE IN THE DEEP LEARNING ERA   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: February 15, 2019  
  Date: May 27–31, 2019   
 MVA 2019    
  16th International Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  Tokyo, Japan  
  Deadline: December 7, 2018  
  Date: May 27–31, 2019   
 PRIP 2019    
  14th International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Information Processing   
  Minsk, Belarus  
  Deadline: February 1, 2019  
  Date: May 21–23, 2019   
 IWBF 2019    
  International Workshop on Biometrics and Forensics 2019   
  Cancun, Mexico  
  Deadline: December 10, 2018  
  Date: May 2–3, 2019   
 CCIW 2019    
  2019 Computational Color Imaging Workshop   
  Chiba, Japan  
  Deadline: October 15, 2018  
  Date: March 27–29, 2019   
 DGCI 2019    
  21st International Conference on Discrete Geometry for Computer Imagery   
  Paris/Noisy-le-Grand, France  
  Deadline: October 1, 2018  
  Date: March 25–29, 2019   
 ICPRAM 2019    
  8th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Applications and Methods   
  Prague, Czech Republic  
  Deadline: October 22, 2018  
  Date: February 19–21, 2019   
 WSB19    
  2019 Winter School on Biometrics   
  Shenzhen, China  
  Deadline: November 15, 2018  
  Date: January 13–17, 2019   
 2018  
 DICTA 2018    
  2018 Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Canberra, Australia  
  Deadline: July 30, 2018  
  Date: December 10–13, 2018   
 CIARP 2018    
  23rd Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Madrid, Spain  
  Deadline: October 5, 2018  
  Date: November 19–22, 2018   
 IVCNZ 2018    
  Image and Vision Computing New Zealand 2018   
  Auckland, New Zealand  
  Deadline: September 30, 2018  
  Date: November 19–21, 2018   
 ISAIR 2018    
  The 3rd International Symposium on Artificial Intelligence and Robotics 2018   
  Nanjing, China  
  Deadline: August 1, 2018  
  Date: November 17–19, 2018   
 CVIP 2018    
  Third International Conference on Computer Vision and Image Processing   
  Jabalpur, India  
  Deadline: April 20, 2018  
  Date: September 29, 2018 to October 1, 2018   
 ANNPR 2018    
  8th IAPR TC3 Workshop on Artificial Neural Networks in Pattern Recognition   
  Siena, Italy  
  Deadline: May 20, 2018  
  Date: September 19–21, 2018   
 VISMAC 2018    
  IAPR Summer School on Machine and Vision Intelligence   
  Vico Equense, Naples, Italy  
  Deadline: July 29, 2018  
  Date: August 27–31, 2018   
 MPRSS 2018    
  5th Workshop on Multimodal Pattern Recognition for Social Signal Processing in Human Computer Interaction (held in conjunction with ICPR 2018)   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: June 1, 2018  
  Date: August 20, 2018   
 RRPR 2018    
  2nd Workshop on Reproducible Research in Pattern Recognition (held in conjunction with ICPR 2018)   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: May 28, 2018  
  Date: August 20, 2018   
 FFER 2018    
  3rd International Workshop on Face and Facial Expression Recognition from Real World Video (held in conjunction with ICPR 2018)   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: May 21, 2018  
  Date: August 20, 2018   
 CVAUI 2018    
  3rd Workshop on Computer Vision for Analysis of Underwater Imagery (held in conjunction with ICPR 2018)   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: May 15, 2018  
  Date: August 20, 2018   
 MIPPSNA 2018    
  Multimedia Information Processing for Personality and Social Networks Analysis Workshop (held in conjunction with ICPR 2018)   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: April 30, 2018  
  Date: August 20, 2018   
 IWCF 2018    
  7th International Workshop on Computational Forensics (held in conjunction with ICPR 2018)   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: April 27, 2018  
  Date: August 20, 2018   
 ICPR 2018    
  24th International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: January 22, 2018  
  Date: August 20–24, 2018   
 PRRS 2018    
  10th IAPR Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: April 20, 2018  
  Date: August 19–20, 2018   
 S+SSPR 2018    
  IAPR Joint International Workshops on Statistical Techniques in Pattern Recognition (SPR 2018) and Structural and Syntactic Pattern Recognition (SSPR 2018)   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: April 15, 2018  
  Date: August 17–19, 2018   
 ICFHR 2018    
  16th International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition   
  Niagara Falls, New York  
  Deadline: March 2, 2018  
  Date: August 5–8, 2018   
 SSDA18    
  2nd TC10/TC11 Summer School on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  L3i laboratory, University of La Rochelle, France  
  Deadline: May 30, 2018  
  Date: July 2–6, 2018   
 ICISP 2018    
  8th International Conference on Image and Signal Processing   
  Cherbourg, France  
  Deadline: February 25, 2018  
  Date: July 2–4, 2018   
 MCPR 2018    
  10th Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Puebla, Mexico  
  Deadline: February 25, 2018  
  Date: June 27–30, 2018   
 SSB 2018    
  2018 Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics and Secure Authentication   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: February 15, 2018  
  Date: June 11–15, 2018   
 IWBF 2018    
  6th IAPR/IEEE International Workshop on Biometrics and Forensics   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: January 5, 2018  
  Date: June 6–7, 2018   
 ICPRS-18    
  9th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Systems   
  Valparaiso, Chile  
  Deadline: February 22, 2018  
  Date: May 22–24, 2018   
 DAS 2018    
  13th IAPR International Workshop on Document Analysis Systems   
  Vienna, Austria  
  Deadline: November 20, 2017  
  Date: April 24–27, 2018   
 ISCV 2018    
  3rd International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Computer Vision   
  Fez, Morocco  
  Deadline: January 10, 2018  
  Date: April 2–4, 2018   
 MedPRAI 2018    
  The Second Mediterranean Conference on Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence   
  Rabat, Morocco  
  Deadline: September 30, 2017  
  Date: March 27–28, 2018   
 ASAR 2018    
  2nd IEEE Int. Workshop on Arabic and derived Script Analysis and Recognition   
  London, UK  
  Deadline: December 1, 2017  
  Date: March 12–14, 2018   
 ICB 2018    
  11th International Conference on Biometrics   
  Gold Coast, Australia  
  Deadline: September 29, 2017  
  Date: February 20–23, 2018   
 WSB 2018    
  IAPR/IEEE Winter School on Biometrics 2018   
  Shenzhen, China  
  Deadline: TBD  
  Date: January 29, 2018 to February 2, 2018   
 ICPRAM 2018    
  The 7th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Application and Methods   
  Madeira, Portugal  
  Deadline: July 31, 2017  
  Date: January 16–18, 2018   
 2017  
 RFMI 2017    
  Seventh International Workshop on Representations, analysis and recognition of shape and motion FroM Imaging data   
  Aussois, France  
  Deadline: October 8, 2017  
  Date: December 17–20, 2017   
 PReMI'17    
  7th International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Machine Intelligence   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: May 2, 2017  
  Date: December 5–8, 2017   
 DICTA 2017    
  2017 International Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Sydney, Australia  
  Deadline: July 21, 2017  
  Date: November 29, 2017 to December 1, 2017   
 ACPR 2017    
  The 4th Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Nanjing, China  
  Deadline: June 5, 2017  
  Date: November 26–29, 2017   
 PSIVT 2017    
  8th Pacific Rim Symposium on Image and Video Technology   
  Wuhan, China  
  Deadline: July 14, 2017  
  Date: November 20–24, 2017   
 CBDAR 2017    
  7th International Workshop on Camera Based Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Kyoto, Japan  
  Deadline: July 1, 2017  
  Date: November 11, 2017   
 ICDAR 2017    
  14th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Kyoto, Japan  
  Deadline: March 15, 2017  
  Date: November 10–15, 2017   
 GREC 2017    
  12th International Workshop on Graphics Recognition   
  Kyoto, Japan  
  Deadline: August 1, 2017  
  Date: November 9–10, 2017   
 CIARP 2017    
  22nd Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Valparaiso, Chile  
  Deadline: May 21, 2017  
  Date: November 7–10, 2017   
 IJCB 2017    
  3rd International Joint Conference on Biometrics   
  Denver, Colorado, USA  
  Deadline: April 15, 2017  
  Date: October 1–4, 2017   
 DGCI 2017    
  20th International Conference on Discrete Geometry for Computer Imagery   
  Vienna, Austria  
  Deadline: March 1, 2017  
  Date: September 19–21, 2017   
 ICIG 2017    
  The 9th International Conference on Image and Graphics   
  Shanghai, China  
  Deadline: May 15, 2017  
  Date: September 13–15, 2017   
 ICIAP 2017    
  19th International Conference on Image Analysis and Processing   
  Catania, Italy  
  Deadline: March 31, 2017  
  Date: September 11–12, 2017   
 CVIP 2017    
  2nd International Conference on Computer Vision and Image Processing & Workshop on Multimedia   
  Noida, India  
  Deadline: March 1, 2017  
  Date: September 9–12, 2017   
 ICPRS 2017    
  8th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Systems   
  Madrid, Spain  
  Deadline: April 23, 2017  
  Date: July 11–13, 2017   
 MCPR 2017    
  9th Mexican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Huatulco, Oaxaca, Mexico  
  Deadline: January 16, 2017  
  Date: June 21–24, 2017   
 IGS 2017    
  18th International Graphonomics Society Conference   
  Gaeta, Italy  
  Deadline: January 15, 2017  
  Date: June 18–21, 2017   
 SSB 2017    
  14th IAPR/IEEE International Summer School on Biometrics   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: February 15, 2017  
  Date: June 12–16, 2017   
 SCIA 2017    
  20th Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis   
  Tromso, Norway  
  Deadline: January 9, 2017  
  Date: June 12–14, 2017   
 GbR 2017    
  11th IAPR-TC15 Workshop on Graph-based Representations   
  Anacapri, Italy  
  Deadline: January 8, 2017  
  Date: May 16–18, 2017   
 MVA 2017    
  15th IAPR International Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  Nagayo, Japan  
  Deadline: December 5, 2016  
  Date: May 8–12, 2017   
 IWBF 2017    
  5th International Workshop on Biometrics and Forensics   
  Coventry, UK  
  Deadline: November 15, 2016  
  Date: April 4–5, 2017   
 ASAR 2017    
  First International Workshop on Arabic Script Analysis and Recognition   
  Nancy, France  
  Deadline: December 1, 2016  
  Date: April 3–5, 2017   
 CCIW 2017    
  6th Computational Color Imaging Workshop   
  Milan, Italy  
  Deadline: December 16, 2017  
  Date: March 29–31, 2017   
 ICPRAM 2017    
  6th International Conference on Pattern Recognition Applications and Methods   
  Porto, Portugal  
  Deadline: December 13, 2016  
  Date: February 24–26, 2017   
 SSDA17    
  IAPR Summer School on Document Analysis: Document Informatics   
  Jaipur, India  
  Deadline: TBD  
  Date: January 23–28, 2017   
 WSB17    
  Winter School on Biometrics   
  Hong Kong Baptist University, Hong Kong  
  Deadline: October 24, 2016  
  Date: January 9–17, 2017   
 2016  
 RRPR 2016    
  1st Workshop on Reproducible Research in Pattern Recognition (held in conjunction with ICPR 2016)   
  Cancun, Mexico  
  Deadline: October 3, 2016  
  Date: December 4, 2016   
 IWPRHA 2016    
  3rd International Workshop on Pattern Recognition for Healthcare Analytics (held in conjunction with ICPR 2016)   
  Cancun, Mexico  
  Deadline: September 1, 2016  
  Date: December 4, 2016   
 PRRS 2016    
  9th International Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing (held in conjunction with ICPR2016)   
  Cancun, Mexico  
  Deadline: August 15, 2016  
  Date: December 4, 2016   
 MANPU 2016    
  The First International Workshop on coMics ANalysis, Processing and Understanding (held in conjunction with ICPR2016)   
  Cancun, Mexico  
  Deadline: August 10, 2016  
  Date: December 4, 2016   
 ICPR 2016    
  23rd International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Cancun, Mexico  
  Deadline: April 20, 2016  
  Date: December 4–8, 2016   
 DICTA 2016    
  2016 Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Gold Coast, Australia  
  Deadline: July 15, 2016  
  Date: November 30, 2016 to December 2, 2016   
 S+SSPR 2016    
  IAPR Joint International Workshops on Statistical Techniques in Pattern Recognition (SPR 2016) and Structural and Syntactic Pattern Recognition (SSPR 2016)   
  Merida, Mexico  
  Deadline: June 14, 2016  
  Date: November 30, 2016 to December 2, 2016   
 MedPRAI 2016    
  The Mediterranean Conference on Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence   
  Tebessa, Algeria  
  Deadline: June 30, 2016  
  Date: November 22–23, 2016   
 IVCNZ 2016    
  Image and Vision Computing New Zealand 2016   
  Palmerston North, New Zealand  
  Deadline: September 16, 2016  
  Date: November 21–22, 2016   
 CIARP 2016    
  21st Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Lima, Peru  
  Deadline: June 5, 2016  
  Date: November 8–11, 2016   
 RFMI 2016    
  Sixth International Workshop on Representation, analysis and recognition of shape and motion FroM Imaging data   
  Tunis, Tunisia  
  Deadline: September 4, 2016  
  Date: October 27–29, 2016   
 ICFHR 2016    
  15th International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition   
  Shenzhen, China  
  Deadline: May 21, 2016  
  Date: October 23–26, 2016   
 PRIP 2016    
  13th International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Information Processing   
  Minsk, Belarus  
  Deadline: May 15, 2016  
  Date: October 3–5, 2016   
 ANNPR 2016    
  7th Workshop on Artificial Neural Networks in Pattern Recognition   
  Ulm, Germany  
  Deadline: May 29, 2016  
  Date: September 28–30, 2016   
 icIVPR 2016    
  2016 International Conference on Imaging, Vision & Pattern Recognition   
  Dhaka, Bangladesh  
  Deadline: July 30, 2016  
  Date: September 20–21, 2016   
 ICVSS 2016    
  2016 International Computer Vision Summer School: Computer Vision: What happens next?   
  Sicily, Italy  
  Deadline: March 31, 2016  
  Date: July 17–23, 2016   
 MCPR 2016    
  8th Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Guanajuato, Mexico  
  Deadline: February 22, 2016  
  Date: June 22–25, 2016   
 BIOMETRICS 2016    
  13th Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics for Secure Authentication Biometrics, Forensic Science and the Quest for Identity   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: February 15, 2016  
  Date: June 20–24, 2016   
 CTIC 2016    
  6th International Workshop on Computational Topology in Image Context   
  Marseille, France  
  Deadline: January 24, 2016  
  Date: June 15–17, 2016   
 ICB 2016    
  9th International Conference on Biometrics   
  Halmstad, Sweden  
  Deadline: January 11, 2016  
  Date: June 14–17, 2016   
 ICISP 2016    
  7th International Conference on Image and Signal Processing   
  Trois-Rivieres, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: January 17, 2016  
  Date: May 30, 2016 to June 1, 2016   
 DGCI 2016    
  19th IAPR International Conference on Discrete Geometry for Computer Imagery   
  Nantes, France  
  Deadline: October 23, 2015  
  Date: April 18–20, 2016   
 DAS 2016    
  12th IAPR International Workshop on Document Analysis Systems   
  Santorini, Greece  
  Deadline: October 2, 2015  
  Date: April 11–14, 2016   
 IWBF 2016    
  4th International Workshop on Biometrics and Forensics   
  Limassol, Cyprus  
  Deadline: October 23, 2015  
  Date: March 3–4, 2016   
 CVIP 2016    
  International Conference on Computer Vision and Image Processing   
  Roorkee, India  
  Deadline: October 25, 2015  
  Date: February 26–28, 2016   
 2015  
 ICVNZ 2015    
  Image and Vision Computing New Zealand   
  Auckland, New Zealand  
  Deadline: September 18, 2015  
  Date: November 23–24, 2015   
 PSIVT 2015    
  7th Pacific Rim Symposium on Image and Video Technology   
  Auckland, New Zealand  
  Deadline: July 24, 2015  
  Date: November 23–27, 2015   
 DICTA 2015    
  International Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Adelaide, Australia  
  Deadline: July 15, 2015  
  Date: November 23–25, 2015   
 CIARP2015    
  The 20th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Montevideo, Uruguay  
  Deadline: May 15, 2015  
  Date: November 9–12, 2015   
 ACPR 2015    
  3rd IAPR Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia  
  Deadline: July 17, 2015  
  Date: November 3–6, 2015   
 ICIAP 2015    
  18th International Conference on Image Analysis and Processing   
  Genova, Italy  
  Deadline: March 23, 2015  
  Date: September 7–11, 2015   
 ICDAR 2015    
  13th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Nancy, France  
  Deadline: January 31, 2015  
  Date: August 23–26, 2015   
 CBDAR 2015    
  6th International Workshop on Camera Based Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Nancy, France  
  Deadline: July 27, 2015  
  Date: August 22, 2015   
 HIP 2015    
  3rd International Workshop on Historical Document Imaging and Processing   
  Nancy, France  
  Deadline: June 1, 2015  
  Date: August 22, 2015   
 GREC 2015    
  11h International Workshop on Graphics Recognition   
  Nancy, France  
  Deadline: May 10, 2015  
  Date: August 22–23, 2015   
 ICVSS 2015    
  International Computer Vision Summer School: Learning to See   
  Sicily, Italy  
  Deadline: March 15, 2015  
  Date: July 12–18, 2015   
 MCS 2015    
  12th International Workshop on Multiple Classifier Systems   
  Gunzburg, Germany  
  Deadline: January 30, 2015  
  Date: June 29, 2015 to July 1, 2015   
 Biometrics 2015    
  12th Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics for Secure Authentication: Biometrics in Forensic, Security and Mobile Applications   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: February 15, 2015  
  Date: June 22–26, 2015   
 SCIA 2015    
  19th Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis   
  Copenhagen, Denmark  
  Deadline: January 14, 2015  
  Date: June 15–17, 2015   
 ChaLearn2015    
  2015 CVPR ChaLearn Looking at People: Challenges in Action Spotting, Cultural Event Recognition, and workshop on Looking at People   
  Boston, Massachusetts, USA  
  Deadline: April 6, 2015  
  Date: June 12–12, 2015   
 ICB2015    
  The 8th IAPR/IEEE International Conference on Biometrics   
  Phuket, Thailand  
  Deadline: November 15, 2014  
  Date: May 19–22, 2015   
 MVA2015    
  14th IAPR International Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  Tokyo, Japan  
  Deadline: December 12, 2014  
  Date: May 18–22, 2015   
 GbR 2015    
  10th IAPR TC-15 Workshop on Graph-based Representations in Pattern Recognition   
  Biejing, China  
  Deadline: December 31, 2014  
  Date: May 13–15, 2015   
 CCIW 2015    
  The Fifth Computational Color Imaging Workshop   
  Saint-Etienne, France  
  Deadline: October 20, 2014  
  Date: March 24–26, 2015   
 2014  
 CIARP 2014    
  19th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico  
  Deadline: May 15, 2014  
  Date: November 2–5, 2014   
 ANNPR2014    
  6th IAPR TC3 International Workshop on Artificial Neural Networks in Pattern Recognition   
  Montreal, Canada  
  Deadline: April 28, 2014  
  Date: October 6–8, 2014   
 IJCB 2014    
  International Joint Conference on Biometrics   
  Clearwater, Florida, USA  
  Deadline: April 18, 2014  
  Date: September 29, 2014 to October 2, 2014   
 DGCI 2014    
  18th IAPR International Conference on Discrete Geometry for Computer Imagery   
  Siena, Italy  
  Deadline: February 3, 2014  
  Date: September 10–12, 2014   
 ICFHR 2014    
  14th International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition   
  Crete, Greece  
  Deadline: February 10, 2014  
  Date: September 1–4, 2014   
 I3A    
  First Workshop on Pattern Recognition Techniques for Indirect Immunofluorescence Images   
  Stockholm, Sweden  
  Deadline: April 26, 2014  
  Date: August 24, 2014   
 FFER14    
  1st International Workshop on Face and Facial Expression Recognition from Real World Videos   
  Stockhom, Sweden  
  Deadline: April 24, 2014  
  Date: August 24, 2014   
 AMMDS14    
  2nd Workshop on Activity Monitoring by Multiple Distributed Sensing   
  Stockholm, Sweden  
  Deadline: April 14, 2014  
  Date: August 24, 2014   
 IWPRHA14    
  2nd International Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Healthcare Analytics   
  Stockholm, Sweden  
  Deadline: April 1, 2014  
  Date: August 24, 2014   
 PRRS 2014    
  Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing 2014   
  Stockholm, Sweden  
  Deadline: March 31, 2014  
  Date: August 24, 2014   
 VAAM14    
  Video Analytics for Audience Measurement in Retail and Digital Signage   
  Stockholm, Sweden  
  Deadline: March 28, 2014  
  Date: August 24, 2014   
 IWCF 2014    
  6th IAPR International Workshop on Computational Forensics   
  Stockholm, Sweden  
  Deadline: March 14, 2014  
  Date: August 24, 2014   
 ICPR 2014    
  22nd International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Stockholm, Sweden  
  Deadline: December 20, 2013  
  Date: August 24–28, 2014   
 PRIB 2014    
  9th IAPR Conference on Pattern Recognition in Bioinformatics   
  Stockholm, Sweden  
  Deadline: March 2, 2014  
  Date: August 21–23, 2014   
 S+SSPR 2014    
  Joint Workshops on Statistical Techniques in Pattern Recognition and Structural and Syntactic Pattern Recognition   
  Joensuu, Finland  
  Deadline: March 1, 2014  
  Date: August 20–22, 2014   
 ICVSS 2014    
  International Computer Vision Summer School--From Fundamentals to Applications   
  Sicily, Italy  
  Deadline: March 21, 2014  
  Date: July 13–19, 2014   
 ICISP 2014    
  6th International Conference on Image and Signal Processing   
  Cherbourg, Normandy, France  
  Deadline: February 8, 2014  
  Date: June 30, 2014 to July 2, 2014   
 MCPR2014    
  6th Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Cancun, Mexico  
  Deadline: February 14, 2014  
  Date: June 25–28, 2014   
 DAS 2014    
  11th IAPR International Workshop on Document Analysis Systems   
  Tours, Loire Valley, France  
  Deadline: September 30, 2013  
  Date: April 7–10, 2014   
 IWBF 2014    
  2nd International Workshop on Biometrics and Forensics   
  Valletta, Malta  
  Deadline: November 23, 2013  
  Date: March 27–28, 2014   
 2013  
 PReMI'13    
  5th International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Machine Intelligence   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: April 30, 2013  
  Date: December 10–14, 2013   
 CIARP 2013    
  18th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Havana, Cuba  
  Deadline: June 15, 2013  
  Date: November 20–23, 2013   
 CMRT13  
  City Models, Roads and Traffic   
  Antalya, Turkey  
  Deadline: June 30, 2013  
  Date: November 12–13, 2013    
 LS 2013    
  ISPRS Workshop on Lasar Scanning 2013   
  Antalya, Turkey  
  Deadline: June 15, 2013  
  Date: November 11–13, 2013   
 ACPR 2013    
  2nd IAPR Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Okinawa, Japan  
  Deadline: June 10, 2013  
  Date: November 5–8, 2013   
 PSIVT13    
  6th Pacific-Rim Symposium on Image and Video Technology   
  Guanajuato, MÃ©xico  
  Deadline: June 15, 2013  
  Date: October 28, 2013 to November 1, 2013   
 ICIAP 2013    
  17th International Conference on Image Analysis and Processing   
  Naples, Italy  
  Deadline: March 29, 2013  
  Date: September 11–13, 2013   
 CAIP 2013    
  15th International Conference on Computer Analysis of Images and Patterns   
  York, UK  
  Deadline: April 1, 2013  
  Date: August 27–29, 2013   
 ICDAR 2013    
  The Twelfth International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Washington DC, USA  
  Deadline: February 1, 2013  
  Date: August 25–28, 2013   
 HIP 2013    
  2nd International Workshop on Historical Document Imaging and Processing   
  Washington, DC, USA  
  Deadline: May 15, 2013  
  Date: August 24, 2013   
 CBDAR13    
  Fifth International Workshop on Camera-Based Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Washington, D. C. USA  
  Deadline: May 27, 2013  
  Date: August 23, 2013   
 GREC 2013    
  10th IAPR International Workshop on Graphics Recognition   
  Bethlehem, PA, USA  
  Deadline: March 31, 2013  
  Date: August 20–21, 2013   
 MCPR 2013    
  5th Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  QuerÃ©taro, Mexico  
  Deadline: February 6, 2013  
  Date: June 26–29, 2013   
 SCIA 2013    
  18th Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis   
  Espoo, Finland  
  Deadline: January 18, 2013  
  Date: June 17–20, 2013   
 Biometrics 2013    
  10th Summer School for Advanced Studies on Biometrics and Secure Authentication   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: February 5, 2013  
  Date: June 10–15, 2013   
 ICB 2013    
  6th International Conference on Biometrics   
  Madrid, Spain  
  Deadline: December 15, 2012  
  Date: June 4–7, 2013   
 IDIPS 2013    
  1st International Document Image Processing Summer School   
  Fourni, Greece  
  Deadline: March 10, 2013  
  Date: June 3–7, 2013   
 ISMM 2013    
  11th International Symposium on Mathematical Morphology   
  Uppsala, Sweden  
  Deadline: December 9, 2012  
  Date: May 27–29, 2013   
 MVA 2013    
  13th IAPR International Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  Kyoto, Japan  
  Deadline: December 14, 2013  
  Date: May 21–23, 2013   
 GbR 2013    
  9th IAPR-TC15 Workshop on Graph-based Representations in Pattern Recognition   
  Vienna, Austria  
  Deadline: January 18, 2013  
  Date: May 15–17, 2013   
 MCS 2013    
  11th International Conference on Multiple Classifier Systems   
  Nanjing, China  
  Deadline: December 15, 2012  
  Date: May 15–17, 2013   
 PSL 2013    
  2nd International Workshop on Partially Supervised Learning   
  Nanjing, China  
  Deadline: December 15, 2012  
  Date: May 13–14, 2013   
 IWBF 2013    
  International Workshop on Biometrics and Forensics   
  Lisbon, Portugal  
  Deadline: November 30, 2012  
  Date: April 4–5, 2013   
 DGCI 2013    
  17th IAPR International Conference on Discrete Geometry for Computer Imagery   
  Seville, Spain  
  Deadline: July 2, 2012  
  Date: March 20–22, 2013   
 CCIW 2013    
  Fourth Computational Color Imaging Workshop   
  Chiba, Japan  
  Deadline: October 1, 2012  
  Date: March 4–5, 2013   
 2012  
 DICTA 2012    
  Digital Image Computing Techniques and Applications   
  Fremantle, Western Australia  
  Deadline: June 30, 2012  
  Date: December 3–5, 2012   
 PRHA12    
  International Workshop on Pattern Recognition for Healthcare Analytics   
  Tsukuba Science City, Japan  
  Deadline: August 10, 2012  
  Date: November 11, 2012   
 MPRSS12    
  1st International Workshop on Multimodal Pattern Recognition of Social Signals in Human Computer Interaction   
  Tsukuba Science City, Japan  
  Deadline: July 15, 2012  
  Date: November 11, 2012   
 WDIA 2012    
  International Workshop on Depth Image Analysis   
  Tsukuba Science City, Japan  
  Deadline: June 18, 2012  
  Date: November 11, 2012   
 PRRS 2012    
  7th IAPR Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing   
  Tsukuba Science City, Japan  
  Deadline: April 30, 2012  
  Date: November 11, 2012   
 ICPR 2012    
  21st International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Tsukuba Science City, Japan  
  Deadline: March 31, 2012  
  Date: November 11–15, 2012   
 PRIB 2012    
  7th IAPR International Conference on Pattern Recognition in Bioinformatics   
  Tokyo, Japan  
  Deadline: May 28, 2012  
  Date: November 8–10, 2012   
 S+SSPR 2012    
  Joint IAPR International Workshops on Structural and Syntactic Pattern Recognition (SSPR) and Statistical Techniques in Pattern Recognition (SPR)   
  Itsukushima, Hiroshima, Japan  
  Deadline: July 6, 2012  
  Date: November 7–9, 2012   
 ICFHR 2012    
  13th International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition   
  Bari, Italy  
  Deadline: February 28, 2012  
  Date: September 18–20, 2012   
 ANNPR 2012    
  Workshop on Artificial Neural Networks for Pattern Recognition   
  Trento, Italy  
  Deadline: May 6, 2012  
  Date: September 17–19, 2012   
 CIARP 2012    
  17th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Buenos Aires, Argentina  
  Deadline: March 12, 2012  
  Date: September 3–6, 2012   
 ICISP 2012    
  5th International Conference on Image and Signal Processing   
  Agadir, Morocco  
  Deadline: January 6, 2012  
  Date: June 28–30, 2012   
 MCPR 2012    
  4th Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Huatulco, Mexico  
  Deadline: January 30, 2012  
  Date: June 27–30, 2012   
 CIP 2012    
  3rd International Workshop on Cognitive Information Processing   
  Parador de Baiona, Spain  
  Deadline: January 15, 2012  
  Date: May 28–30, 2012   
 ICIEV 2012    
  International Conference on Informatics, Electronics & Vision   
  Dhaka, Bangladesh  
  Deadline: November 30, 2011  
  Date: May 18–19, 2012   
 ICB 2012    
  5th International Conference on Biometrics   
  New Dehli, India  
  Deadline: September 15, 2011  
  Date: March 30, 2012 to April 1, 2012   
 DAS 2012    
  10th IAPR International Workshop on Document Analysis Systems   
  Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia  
  Deadline: September 30, 2011  
  Date: March 27–29, 2012   
 2011  
 DICTA 2011    
  International Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Noosa, Queensland, Australia  
  Deadline: June 20, 2011  
  Date: December 6–8, 2011   
 ACPR 2011    
  First Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: June 15, 2011  
  Date: November 28–30, 2011   
 CIARP 2011    
  16th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Pucon, Chile  
  Deadline: April 28, 2011  
  Date: November 15–18, 2011   
 IJCB 2011    
  International Joint Conference on Biometrics   
  Washington, DC  
  Deadline: May 27, 2011  
  Date: October 11–13, 2011   
 SIMBAD 2011    
  1st International Workshop on Similarity-Based Pattern Analysis and Recognition   
  Venice, Italy  
  Deadline: May 15, 2011  
  Date: September 28, 2011 to October 2, 2011   
 ICDAR 2011  
  12th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Beijing, China  
  Deadline: March 1, 2011  
  Date: September 18–21, 2011    
 GREC 2011    
  9th IAPR International Workshop on Graphics Recognition   
  Seoul, Korea  
  Deadline: May 15, 2011  
  Date: September 15–16, 2011   
 PSL 2011    
  1st Workshop on Partially Supervised Learning   
  Ulm, Germany  
  Deadline: May 6, 2011  
  Date: September 15–16, 2011   
 ICIAP 2011    
  16th International Conference on Image Analysis and Processing   
  Ravenna, Italy  
  Deadline: March 15, 2011  
  Date: September 14–16, 2011   
 CAIP 2011    
  14th International Conference of Computer Analysis of Images and Patterns   
  Seville, Spain  
  Deadline: April 11, 2011  
  Date: August 29–31, 2011   
 MCPR 2011    
  3rd Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Cancun, Mexico  
  Deadline: February 27, 2011  
  Date: June 29, 2011 to July 2, 2011   
 MCS 2011    
  10th International Workshop on Multiple Classifier Systems   
  Naples, Italy  
  Deadline: January 15, 2011  
  Date: June 15–17, 2011   
 MVA 2011    
  12th IAPR Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  Nara City, Japan  
  Deadline: December 15, 2010  
  Date: June 13–15, 2011   
 SCIA 2011    
  17th Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis   
  Ystad SaltsjÃ¶bad, Sweden  
  Deadline: December 15, 2010  
  Date: May 23–27, 2011   
 GbR 2011    
  TC-15 Workshop on Graph-based Representations in Pattern Recognition   
  MÃ¼nster, Germany  
  Deadline: January 10, 2011  
  Date: May 18–20, 2011   
 CCIW 2011    
  2011 Computational Color Imaging Workshop   
  Milano, Italy  
  Deadline: December 1, 2010  
  Date: April 20–21, 2011   
 DGCI 2011    
  16th IAPR International Conference on Discrete Geometry for Computer Imagery   
  Nancy, France  
  Deadline: September 6, 2010  
  Date: April 6–8, 2011   
 2010  
 DICTA 2010    
  International Conference on Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Sydney, Australia  
  Deadline: July 16, 2010  
  Date: December 1–3, 2010   
 ICFHR 2010    
  International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: February 15, 2010  
  Date: November 16–18, 2010   
 IWCF 2010    
  Fourth Interantional Workshop on Computational Forensics   
  Tokyo, Japan  
  Deadline: June 25, 2010  
  Date: November 11–12, 2010   
 CIARP 2010    
  15th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  SÃ£o Paulo, Brazil  
  Deadline: June 7, 2010  
  Date: November 8–11, 2010   
 AND 2010    
  4th Workshop on Analytics for Noisy Unstructured Text Data   
  Toronto, Canada  
  Deadline: July 16, 2010  
  Date: October 26–26, 2010   
 MCPR 2010    
  2nd Mexican Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Puebla, Mexico  
  Deadline: April 25, 2010  
  Date: September 27–29, 2010   
 ICPR 2010    
  20th International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Istanbul, Turkey  
  Deadline: January 15, 2010  
  Date: August 23–26, 2010   
 PRRS 2010    
  6th IAPR Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing   
  Istanbul, Turkey  
  Deadline: April 5, 2010  
  Date: August 22–22, 2010   
 S+SSPR 2010    
  Structural and Syntactic Pattern Recognition (SSPR 2010) and Statistical Techniques in Pattern Recognition (SPR 2010)   
  Cesme, Izmir, Turkey  
  Deadline: February 1, 2010  
  Date: August 18–20, 2010   
 ICISP 2010    
  International Conference on Image and Signal Processing 2010   
  Trois-Rivieres, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: February 14, 2010  
  Date: June 30, 2010 to July 2, 2010   
 ICMB 2010    
  International Conference on Medical Biometrics   
  Hong Kong  
  Deadline: February 20, 2010  
  Date: June 28–30, 2010   
 CIP 2010    
  2nd International Workshop on Cognitive Information Processing   
  Elba Island (Tuscany), Italy  
  Deadline: January 25, 2010  
  Date: June 14–16, 2010   
 DAS 2010    
  Ninth IAPR International Workshop on Document Analysis Systems   
  Boston, MA, USA  
  Deadline: December 1, 2009  
  Date: June 9–11, 2010   
 CRV 2010    
  Seventh Canadian Conference on Computer and Robot Vision   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada  
  Deadline: February 11, 2010  
  Date: May 31, 2010 to June 2, 2010   
 ANNPR 2010    
  4th International Workshop on Artificial Neural Networks in Pattern Recognition   
  Cairo, Egypt  
  Deadline: November 1, 2009  
  Date: April 11–13, 2010   
 MCS 2010    
  9th International Workshop on Multiple Classifier Systems   
  Cairo, Egypt  
  Deadline: November 19, 2009  
  Date: April 7–9, 2010   
 2009  
 DICTA 2009    
  Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications 2009   
  Melbourne, Australia  
  Deadline: June 15, 2009  
  Date: December 1–3, 2009   
 CIARP 2009    
  14th Iberoamerican Conference on Pattern Recogntion   
  Guadalajara, MÃ©xico  
  Deadline: June 21, 2009  
  Date: November 15–18, 2009   
 DGCI 2009    
  15th International Conference on Discrete Geometry for Computer Imagery   
  Montreal, Canada  
  Deadline: April 1, 2009  
  Date: September 30, 2009 to October 2, 2009   
 VSMM 2009    
  15th International Conference on Virtual Systems and Multimedia   
  Vienna, Austria  
  Deadline: April 7, 2009  
  Date: September 9–12, 2009   
 ICIAP 2009    
  15th International Conference on Image Analysis and Processing   
  Vietri sul Mare, Salerno, Italy  
  Deadline: February 15, 2009  
  Date: September 8–11, 2009   
 PRIB 2009    
  4th IAPR International Conference on Pattern Recognition in Bioinformatics   
  Sheffield, United Kingdom  
  Deadline: April 1, 2009  
  Date: September 7–9, 2009   
 CAIP 2009    
  13th International Conference on Computer Analysis of Images and Patterns   
  MÃ¼nster, Germany  
  Deadline: March 31, 2009  
  Date: September 2–4, 2009   
 IWCF 09    
  Third International Workshop on Computational Forensics   
  The Hague, The Netherlands  
  Deadline: April 24, 2009  
  Date: August 13–14, 2009   
 ICDAR 2009    
  10th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Barcelona, Spain  
  Deadline: January 12, 2009  
  Date: July 26–29, 2009   
 AND 2009    
  Third Workshop on Analytics for Noisy Unstructured Text Data   
  Barcelona, Spain  
  Deadline: April 20, 2009  
  Date: July 23–24, 2009   
 GREC 2009    
  Eighth IAPR International Workshop on Graphics RECognition   
  La Rochelle, France  
  Deadline: March 13, 2009  
  Date: July 22–23, 2009   
 SCIA 2009    
  16th Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis   
  Oslo, Norway  
  Deadline: December 14, 2008  
  Date: June 15–18, 2009   
 MCS 2009    
  8th International Workshop on Multiple Classifier Systems   
  Reykjavik, Iceland  
  Deadline: January 19, 2009  
  Date: June 10–12, 2009   
 IbPRIA 2009    
  4th Iberian Conference on Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis   
  PÃ³voa de Varzim, Portugal  
  Deadline: December 16, 2008  
  Date: June 10–12, 2009   
 ICB 2009    
  3rd International Conference on Biomentrics   
  Alghero, Italy  
  Deadline: November 1, 2008  
  Date: June 2–5, 2009   
 GbR 2009    
  7th IAPR - TC-15 Workshop on Graph-based Representations in Pattern Recognition   
  Venice, Italy  
  Deadline: January 17, 2009  
  Date: May 26–28, 2009   
 CRV 2009    
  Sixth Canadian Conference on Computer and Robot Vision   
  Kelona, British Columbia, Canada  
  Deadline: January 30, 2009  
  Date: May 25–27, 2009   
 CORES 2009    
  6th International Conference on Computer Recognition Systems   
  Jelenia GÃ³ra, Poland  
  Deadline: December 20, 2008  
  Date: May 25–28, 2009   
 MVA 2009    
  IAPR Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  Yokohama, Japan  
  Deadline: November 7, 2008  
  Date: May 20–22, 2009   
 PRIP 2009    
  10th International Conference "Pattern Recognition and Information Processing"   
  Minsk, Belarus  
  Deadline: January 31, 2009  
  Date: May 19–21, 2009   
 CCIW 09    
  2nd Computational Color Imaging Workshop   
  Saint Etienne, France  
  Deadline: December 1, 2008  
  Date: March 26–27, 2009   
 2008  
 ICPR 08    
  19th International Conference on Pattern Recognition   
  Tampa, Florida, USA  
  Deadline: April 8, 2008  
  Date: December 8–11, 2008   
 PRRS 2008    
  5th IAPR Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Remote Sensing   
  Tampa, Florida, USA  
  Deadline: June 16, 2008  
  Date: December 7–7, 2008   
 S+SSPR    
  Joint IAPR International Workshops on Structural and Syntactic Pattern Recognition (SSPR 2008) and Statistical Techniques in Pattern Recognition (SPR 2008)   
  Orlando, Florida  
  Deadline: May 4, 2008  
  Date: December 4–6, 2008   
 DICTA 2008    
  Digital Image Computing Techniques and Applications 2008   
  Canberra, Australia  
  Deadline: July 11, 2008  
  Date: December 1–3, 2008   
 IVCNZ 08    
  23rd International Conference on Image and Vision Computing New Zealand   
  Christchurch, New Zealand  
  Deadline: August 18, 2008  
  Date: November 26–28, 2008   
 PRIB 2008    
  Third IAPR International Conference on Pattern Recognition in Bioinformatics   
  Melbourne, Australia  
  Deadline: April 15, 2008  
  Date: October 15–17, 2008   
 DAS 2008    
  8th International Workshop on Document Analysis Systems   
  Nara, Japan  
  Deadline: March 31, 2008  
  Date: September 16–19, 2008   
 CIARP 2008    
  13th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  Havana, Cuba  
  Deadline: March 31, 2008  
  Date: September 9–12, 2008   
 EVA VIENNA 2008    
  IAPR-TC19 Workshop on Computer Vision for Cultural Heritage   
  Vienna, Austria  
  Deadline: April 7, 2008  
  Date: August 25–28, 2008   
 ICFHR 2008    
  11th International Conference on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition   
  Montreal, Quebec, Canada  
  Deadline: January 31, 2008  
  Date: August 19–21, 2008   
 AGACSE 2008    
  3rd International Conference on Applied Geometric Algebras in Computer Science and Engineering   
  Leipzig, Germany  
  Deadline: June 1, 2008  
  Date: August 17–19, 2008   
 IWCF 2008    
  2nd International Workshop on Computational Forensics   
  Washington, D.C., USA  
  Deadline: April 20, 2008  
  Date: August 7–8, 2008   
 AND 2008    
  2nd Workshop on Analytics for Noisy Unstructured Text Data   
  Singapore  
  Deadline: May 23, 2008  
  Date: July 24–24, 2008   
 AMDO 2008    
  V International Conference on Articulated Motion and Deformable Objects   
  Puerto de Andratx, Mallorca, Spain  
  Deadline: February 22, 2008  
  Date: July 9–11, 2008   
 ANNPR 2008    
  3rd International Workshop on Artificial Neural Networks in Pattern Recognition   
  Paris, France  
  Deadline: January 15, 2008  
  Date: July 2–4, 2008   
 ICISP 2008    
  International Conference on Image and Signal Processing   
  Cherbourg-Octeville, France  
  Deadline: January 25, 2008  
  Date: July 1–3, 2008   
 CIP 2008    
  1st IAPR Workshop on Cognitive Information Processing   
  Santorini, Greece  
  Deadline: January 13, 2008  
  Date: June 9–10, 2008   
 CRV 2008    
  5th Canadian Conference on Computer and Robot Vision   
  Windsor, Ontario, Canada  
  Deadline: January 28, 2008  
  Date: May 28–30, 2008   
 DGCI 2008    
  14th International Conference on Discrete Geometry for Computer Imagery   
  Lyon, France  
  Deadline: September 18, 2007  
  Date: April 16–18, 2008   
 2007  
 PReMI '07    
  2nd International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Machine Intelligence   
  Kolkata, India  
  Deadline: March 1, 2007  
  Date: December 18–22, 2007   
 ICMB'2007    
  The International Conference on Medical Biometrics   
  Hong Kong  
  Deadline: July 1, 2007  
  Date: December 12–14, 2007   
 DICTA 2007    
  Digital Image Computing: Techniques and Applications   
  Adelaide, Australia  
  Deadline: August 10, 2007  
  Date: December 3–5, 2007   
 CIARP 2007    
  12th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition   
  ViÃ±a del Mar-ValparaÃ­so, Chile  
  Deadline: May 18, 2007  
  Date: November 13–16, 2007   
 CORES 2007    
  The 5th International Conference on Computer Recognition Systems   
  Wroclaw, Poland  
  Deadline: May 13, 2007  
  Date: October 22–25, 2007   
 PRIB 07    
  2007 IAPR International Workshop on Pattern Recognition in Bioinformatics   
  Singapore  
  Deadline: April 15, 2007  
  Date: October 1–2, 2007   
 ICDAR 2007    
  International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
  Curitiba, Parana, Brazil  
  Deadline: TBD  
  Date: September 23–26, 2007   
 GREC 2007    
  7th IAPR International Workshop on Graphics Recognition   
  Curitiba, Brazil  
  Deadline: May 14, 2007  
  Date: September 20–21, 2007   
 CCIW 07    
  2007 Computational Color Imaging Workshop   
  Modena, Italy  
  Deadline: March 9, 2007  
  Date: September 14, 2007   
 ICIAP 2007    
  14th International Conference on Image Analysis and Processing   
  Palazzo Ducale, Modena, Italy  
  Deadline: February 16, 2007  
  Date: September 10–14, 2007   
 CAIP 07    
  12th International Conference on Computer Analysis of Images and Patterns   
  Vienna, Austria  
  Deadline: March 30, 2007  
  Date: August 27–29, 2007   
 ICB 2007    
  2nd IAPR/IEEE International Conference on Biometrics   
  Seoul, Korea  
  Deadline: February 15, 2007  
  Date: August 27–29, 2007   
 CIVR 2007    
  6th International Conference on Image and Video Retrieval   
  Amsterdam  
  Deadline: February 5, 2007  
  Date: July 18–20, 2007   
 MLDM 2007    
  5th IAPR International Conference on Machine Learning and Data Mining   
  Leipzig, Germany  
  Deadline: January 9, 2007  
  Date: July 4–6, 2007   
 GbR 2007    
  6th IAPR - TC-15 Workshop on Graph-based Representations in Pattern Recognition   
  Alicante, Spain  
  Deadline: December 1, 2006  
  Date: June 11–13, 2007   
 SCIA 2007    
  15th Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis   
  Aalborg, Denmark  
  Deadline: December 1, 2006  
  Date: June 6–8, 2007   
 IbPRIA 2007    
  3rd Iberian Conference on Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis   
  Girona, Spain  
  Deadline: November 17, 2006  
  Date: June 6–8, 2007   
 CRV 2007    
  4th Canadian Conference on Computer and Robot Vision   
  Montreal, Canada  
  Deadline: January 12, 2007  
  Date: May 28–30, 2007   
 MCS 2007    
  Seventh International Workshop on Multiple Classifier Systems   
  Prague, Czech Republic  
  Deadline: January 5, 2007  
  Date: May 23–25, 2007   
 PRIP 2007    
  Ninth International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Information Processing   
  Minsk, Belarus  
  Deadline: December 15, 2006  
  Date: May 22–24, 2007   
 MVA 2007    
  10th IAPR International Conference on Machine Vision Applications   
  Tokyo, Japan  
  Deadline: December 15, 2006  
  Date: May 16–18, 2007   
 ICVS 2007    
  International Conference on Computer Vision Systems   
  Bielefeld University, Germany  
  Deadline: November 15, 2006  
  Date: March 21–24, 2007   
 AND 2007    
  Workshop on Analytics for Noisy Unstructured Text Data   
  Hyderabad, India  
  Deadline: September 25, 2006  
  Date: January 6–8, 2007   

 News & Announcements  
 Protected: 2024 Kolkata Meeting | December 2, 2024 
  October 2024 Newsletter | October 25, 2024 
  New IAPR Secretariat Email Addresses | October 21, 2024 
  IAPR Major Prize Winners Announced | October 14, 2024 
  July 2024 Newsletter | July 29, 2024 
   
 Upcoming Conferences  
 DEC   
 19   

 CVIP 2024  Chennai, India   

 JAN   
 12   

 WSB 2025  Shenzhen, China   

 FEB   
 23   

 ICPRAM 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 FEB   
 23   

 VISAPP 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 FEB   
 23   

 ROBOVIS 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 JUN   
 25   

 GbR 2025  Caen, France   

 JUN   
 30   

 IbPRIA 2025  Coimbra, Portugal   

 More Conferences    

 Home     » Conferences     » Conference Schedule       

 © 2024 - International Association for Pattern Recognition   Privacy Policy     
 twitter 
  youtube 
  linkedin 

    
Call for papers data: 
      

 Home 
  Research activities 
  People 
  Publications 
  Teaching 
  How to reach us 

 Home 

 Not Found  
   
 Ops not found.  
  The site is under construction. We apologize for the inconvenience.  

 © 2024 Imaging and Vision Laboratory.   
 login    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

20. Conference SSPR_1:
Skip to content  twitter 
  youtube 
  linkedin 

 Ethics Policy 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

  About Us | 50th Anniversary 
  Constitution & Bylaws | Constitution 
  By-Laws 
  Statutes 
  Statement of Ethics 
  Privacy Policy 
  Research Scholarships 
  IAPR Membership 
  Diversity in IAPR 
  History of IAPR 
  Industrial Affiliates 
  Internships 
  IAPR on YouTube 
  Contact Us 
  Conferences | Conference Schedule 
  ICPR | ICPR Proposals 
  ICPR Workshop Application Form 
  Sponsorship/Endorsement | Sponsorship/Endorsement Rules 
  How to Apply 
  Apply for Sponsorship/Endorsement 
  Summer and Winter Schools 
  Conference Archives 
  Committees | Governing Board 
  Executive Committee 
  Standing Committees 
  Technical Committees 
  Ad Hoc Committees 
  Committee Guidelines 
  Fellows | Getting to Know IAPR Fellows 
  Alphabetical List of IAPR Fellows 
  Chronological List of IAPR Fellows 
  Call for Nominations 
  Awards | ICPR Awards | King-Sun Fu Prize 
  J. K. Aggarwal Prize 
  Maria Petrou Prize 
  P. Zamperoni Award 
  Best Industry Related Paper Award 
  Certificates of Appreciation 
  S+SSPR Awards | Pierre Devijver Award 
  TC4 Awards at IJCB | Best Biometrics Student Paper Award 
  Senior Biometrics Investigator 
  Young Biometrics Investigator 
  ICDAR Awards | Outstanding Achievements 
  Young Investigator 
  Procedures for Award Recipients 
  Publications | IAPR Newsletter | IAPR Newsletter Archive 
  IAPR Publications 
  Newsletter Editors-in-Chief 
  News | All IAPR News 
  Governing Board Meetings 
  Subscribe to Our Mailing List 

 Awards  
 Home     » Awards       

 ICPR Awards   
 The International Association for Pattern Recognition awards three prizes biennially at its flagship conference, the International Conference on Pattern Recognition, in recognition of the contributions of outstanding scholars in the field.   
   
 S+SSPR Awards   
 Since its inception in 1996, S+SSPR has been the main joint biennial event organized by Technical Committee 1 (Statistical Pattern Recognition Techniques) and Technical Committee 2 (Structural and Syntactical Pattern Recognition). S+SSPR has traditionally attracted participants working in a wide variety of fields that make use of statistical, structural or syntactic pattern recognition techniques as well as researchers who make methodological contributions to the field.   
   
 TC4 Awards at IJCB   
 The IAPR International Conference on Biometrics (ICB), sponsored by the Technical Committee on Biometrics , is the premier forum for the presentation of new advances and research results in the fields of biometrics. ICB, formed in 2006 by merging AVBPA (Audio- and Video-based Person Authentication), ICBA (International Conference on Biometric Authentication) and other biometric workshops, has established itself as a leading international conference in biometrics.   
   
 ICDAR Awards   
 The International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition is the premier international event for scientists and practitioners involved in document analysis and recognition. ICDAR recognizes individuals who have made outstanding contributions to the field in the areas of research, training of students, industry interaction, and service to the profession.   

 News & Announcements  
 Protected: 2024 Kolkata Meeting | December 2, 2024 
  October 2024 Newsletter | October 25, 2024 
  New IAPR Secretariat Email Addresses | October 21, 2024 
  IAPR Major Prize Winners Announced | October 14, 2024 
  July 2024 Newsletter | July 29, 2024 
   
 Upcoming Conferences  
 DEC   
 19   

 CVIP 2024  Chennai, India   

 JAN   
 12   

 WSB 2025  Shenzhen, China   

 FEB   
 23   

 ICPRAM 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 FEB   
 23   

 VISAPP 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 FEB   
 23   

 ROBOVIS 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 JUN   
 25   

 GbR 2025  Caen, France   

 JUN   
 30   

 IbPRIA 2025  Coimbra, Portugal   

 More Conferences    

 Home     » Awards       

 © 2024 - International Association for Pattern Recognition   Privacy Policy     
 twitter 
  youtube 
  linkedin 

    
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content  twitter 
  youtube 
  linkedin 

 Ethics Policy 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

  About Us | 50th Anniversary 
  Constitution & Bylaws | Constitution 
  By-Laws 
  Statutes 
  Statement of Ethics 
  Privacy Policy 
  Research Scholarships 
  IAPR Membership 
  Diversity in IAPR 
  History of IAPR 
  Industrial Affiliates 
  Internships 
  IAPR on YouTube 
  Contact Us 
  Conferences | Conference Schedule 
  ICPR | ICPR Proposals 
  ICPR Workshop Application Form 
  Sponsorship/Endorsement | Sponsorship/Endorsement Rules 
  How to Apply 
  Apply for Sponsorship/Endorsement 
  Summer and Winter Schools 
  Conference Archives 
  Committees | Governing Board 
  Executive Committee 
  Standing Committees 
  Technical Committees 
  Ad Hoc Committees 
  Committee Guidelines 
  Fellows | Getting to Know IAPR Fellows 
  Alphabetical List of IAPR Fellows 
  Chronological List of IAPR Fellows 
  Call for Nominations 
  Awards | ICPR Awards | King-Sun Fu Prize 
  J. K. Aggarwal Prize 
  Maria Petrou Prize 
  P. Zamperoni Award 
  Best Industry Related Paper Award 
  Certificates of Appreciation 
  S+SSPR Awards | Pierre Devijver Award 
  TC4 Awards at IJCB | Best Biometrics Student Paper Award 
  Senior Biometrics Investigator 
  Young Biometrics Investigator 
  ICDAR Awards | Outstanding Achievements 
  Young Investigator 
  Procedures for Award Recipients 
  Publications | IAPR Newsletter | IAPR Newsletter Archive 
  IAPR Publications 
  Newsletter Editors-in-Chief 
  News | All IAPR News 
  Governing Board Meetings 
  Subscribe to Our Mailing List 

 Best Industry Related Paper Award  
 Home     » Awards     » ICPR Awards     » Best Industry Related Paper Award       

 The Best Industry Related Paper Award will be awarded at each ICPR. The paper will be selected by a committee appointed by the Chair of the Industry Liaison Committee.  
   
  The award is given to a paper selected for oral presentation at ICPR, where at least one of the authors is from a company or technology transfer organization.  
   
  The award is officially announced at the conference dinner. However, there is traditionally a Best Industry Related Paper Award session during the conference some time before the dinner, where the nominees discuss the relation between academic and industrial research. The BIRPA award winner is unofficially announced at this session.  
 Award Procedure   
 The ICPR paper submission system needs to allow authors to self-nominate for the award, where one author must be from a company or a technology transfer organization. Purely university author lists are not eligible. The Program Chair is responsible for ensuring the submission system allows self-nomination. 
  Once paper acceptances are announced and the 'camera-ready' versions of the papers are submitted, the ILC Chair asks the Program Chair for the list of and PDFs of the highly ranked self-nominated oral papers, along with the reviews for those papers. 
  Each ILC member gets (3*num_papers/committee_size) revised papers to read, along with the original reviews. The ILC member does not need to write anything, but is asked to rank the papers in order of best to worst. There is a 3 week deadline. The papers are 6 pages long, so this should take maybe 5 hours. 
  From the ranked papers, the ILC chair selects the top 5(ish) based on the preliminary rankings. The whole ILC reads these and ranks them again. There is a 3 week deadline. 
  From these final rankings, a consensus ordering is formed. The ILC Chair keeps the committee informed about the process. 
  The Chair passes the selected winner's details to the IAPR's Secretary and the IAPR office. 
  The Chair and ICPR Program Chair schedule a 1 hour award session, where the nominees will be asked to give a 5 minute presentation on the relation of research and industry. There will be a panel discussion afterwards, and then finally the announcement of the BIRPA prize. The presentation and panel discussion is not a factor in the award decision. 

  2022 Award Winner in Montreal  
 Steve Dias Da Cruz, Bertram Taetz, Thomas Stifter, and Didier Stricker   
  Autoencoder for Synthetic to Real Generalization: From Simple to More Complex Scenes  
 2020 Award Winner in Milan  
 Muhammad Asad, Rilwan Basaru, S M Masudur Rahman Al Arif and Greg Slabaugh   
  PROPEL: Probabilistic Parametric Regression Loss for Convolutional Neural Networks  
 2018 Award Winner in Beijing  
 Zhengyuan Yang, Yixuan Zhang, Jerry Yu, Junjie Cai and Jiebo Luo   
  End-to-end Multi-Modal Multi-Task Vehicle Control for Self-Driving Cars with Visual Percpetions  
 2016 Award Winner in Cancun  
 Andras Rozsa, Manuel Günther, Ethan M. Rudd, and Terrance E. Boult   
  Are Facial Attributes Adversarilly Robust?  
 2014 Award Winner in Stockholm  
 Sangmin Oh, Megha Pandey, Ilseo Kim, Anthony Hoogs, and Jeff Baumes   
  Personalized Economy of Images in Social Forums: An Analysis on Supply, Consumption, and Saliency  
 2012 Award Winner in Tsukuba  
 Stephen Pollard, Steven Simske and Guy Adams   
  Print Biometrics: Recovering Forensic Signatures from Halftone Images  
 2010 Award Winner in Istanbul  
 Jorge Moraled and Jonathan J. Hull   
  Toward Massive Scalability in Image Matching  
 2008 Award Winner in Tampa  
 Yuyu Liu and Yoichi Sato   
  Recovering Audio-to-Video Synchronization by Audiovisual Correlation Analysis  
 2006 Award Winner in Hong Kong  
 Junji Sato, Tomokazu Takahashi, Ichiro Ide and Hiroshi Murase   
  Change Detection in Streetscapes from GPS Coordinated Omni-Directional Image Sequences  
 2004 Award Winner in Cambridge  
 Wen Yi Zhao   
  Super-Resolving Compressed Video with Large Artifacts  
 2002 Award Winner in Quebec City  
 Diego A. Socolinsky and Andrea Selinger   
  A Comparative Analysis of Face Recognition Performance with Visible and Thermal Infrared Imagery  
 2000 Award Winner in Barcelona  
 Gopal Pingali, Agata Opalach, and Yves Jean   
  Ball Tracking and Virtual Replays for Innovative Tennis Broadcasts  
 1998 Award Winner in Brisbane  
 Jae-Chang Shim, Chitra Dorai and Ruud Bolle   
  Automatic text extraction from video for content-based annotation and retrieval  
 1996 Award Winner in Vienna  
 Larry O'Gorman and Irina Rabinowich   
  Photo-Image Authentication by Pattern Recognition and Cryptography  
 1994 Award Winner in Jerusalem  
 Minori Noguchi and Shree K. Nayar   
  Microscopic Shape from Focus using Active Illumination  
 1992 Award Winner in The Hague  
 Qifen Zheng and Rama Chellappa   
  A computational vision approach to image registration  

 News & Announcements  
 Protected: 2024 Kolkata Meeting | December 2, 2024 
  October 2024 Newsletter | October 25, 2024 
  New IAPR Secretariat Email Addresses | October 21, 2024 
  IAPR Major Prize Winners Announced | October 14, 2024 
  July 2024 Newsletter | July 29, 2024 
   
 Upcoming Conferences  
 DEC   
 19   

 CVIP 2024  Chennai, India   

 JAN   
 12   

 WSB 2025  Shenzhen, China   

 FEB   
 23   

 ICPRAM 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 FEB   
 23   

 VISAPP 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 FEB   
 23   

 ROBOVIS 2025  Porto, Portugal   

 JUN   
 25   

 GbR 2025  Caen, France   

 JUN   
 30   

 IbPRIA 2025  Coimbra, Portugal   

 More Conferences    

 Home     » Awards     » ICPR Awards     » Best Industry Related Paper Award       

 © 2024 - International Association for Pattern Recognition   Privacy Policy     
 twitter 
  youtube 
  linkedin 

    Important dates data: 
undefined

21. Conference SSDBM_2:
Jump to navigation   
 Home 
  Core Activities | Yearbook of International Organizations | Online Access 
  Print Access 
  Open Yearbook 
  International Congress Calendar | Online Access 
  Open Calendar 
  Associations Round Table | 2024 
  Past Round Tables 
  Future 
  Encyclopedia of World Problems | Online Access 
  Customized Data Extractions | Data Extractions 
  Data Streaming 
  Destination Reports 
  Publications | Reference Works | Yearbook of International Organizations 
  International Congress Calendar 
  Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential 
  Statistics & Surveys | International Meetings Statistics Report 
  UIA Survey on International Association Meeting Issues 
  Statistics 
  Stay Informed | UIA's World of Associations Newsletter 
  UIA Info Sheets 
  Past Publications | UIA Publications Database 
  Open Access Journals 
  UIA Archives 
  Services | Customized Data Extractions | Destination Reports 
  Data Extractions 
  Data Streaming 
  Free Resources for Research | Fraud Monitor 
  Link Directory 
  IGO Search Engine 
  Civil Society Glossary 
  What We Do For: | Associations 
  The Meetings Industry 
  Academics and Researchers 
  Round Tables | 2024 | November 2024 (Florence) 
  Virtual Round Tables 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Future Round Tables 
  Past Round Tables 
  Advertising | Advertising Opportunities | Online Advertising 
  Advertising in UIA Newsletter 
  Advertising in UIA Associations Mailing 
  Sponsorship | Sponsorship Opportunities | Survey on International Meetings Issues 
  Round Table Sponsorship 
  Projects | Active Projects | Open Yearbook 
  Open Calendar 
  Encyclopedia of World Problems 
  Executive Master in International Association Management 
  Newsroom 
  Membership | Associate Membership | Categories and Benefits 
  Application Form 
  Current Members 
  Login for Associate Members 
  Active Membership | Current Members 
  About UIA | General Information | UIA Info Sheets 
  History 
  Purpose and Objectives 
  Partners and Institutional Status 
  Structure and Statutes 
  Secretariat 
  Privacy Policy 
  Support UIA | Make a donation 
  UIA's Relevance to | Global Issues 
  Associations 
  The Meetings Industry 
  Academics and Researchers 

   Log in   Contact   Cart   Donate   
   
 UIA    
 Global Civil Society Database   
 Events  | Geography  | Subjects  | Organizations  | UN SDGs    
 Open Calendar     

  This information is part of the Open Calendar  , a free service of UIA's subscription-based International Congress Calendar Online  (ICCO)  . It includes only current and future  international meetings organized by non-profit organizations working worldwide in all fields of activity. The number of meetings, information contained in their profiles, and search functionality of this free service are limited.  
 The full-featured International Congress Calendar Online  (ICCO)  includes over 530,000 meetings ( past, current, future  ), additional information in profiles, sophisticated search functionality and data exports. For more information about ICCO, please click here  or contact us  .  
 The UIA is a leading provider of information about international non-profit organizations. The aim of the Open Calendar  is to promote the activities of international non-governmental organizations (INGOs) and intergovernmental organizations (IGOs).  
   
 Scientific and Statistical Database Management Conference (SSDBM) #37  
    
 Date & Location(s):  
 23. Jun 2025 – 25. Jun 2025  
 Columbus OH  , USA  (Ohio State University)  
 Organizer(s):  
 Scientific and Statistical Database Management Conference (SSDBM)  
 View Organization Profile    
 Event Website:  
 Available with paid subscription  only.   
   
 You are viewing an event profile from the International Congress Calendar Online   .  
  ← visit the search page  to find additional events.   
 Terms of Use   
   
  UIA allows users to access and make use of the information contained in its Databases for the user’s internal use and evaluation purposes only. A user may not re-package, compile, re-distribute or re-use any or all of the UIA Databases or the data* contained therein without prior permission from the UIA.  
   
  Data from database resources may not be extracted or downloaded in bulk using automated scripts or other external software tools not provided within the database resources themselves. If your research project or use of a database resource will involve the extraction of large amounts of text or data from a database resource, please contact us for a customized solution.  
   
  UIA reserves the right to block access for abusive use of the Database.  
   
  * Data shall mean any data and information available in the Database including but not limited to: raw data, numbers, images, names and contact information, logos, text, keywords, and links.   

 Union of International Associations - Union des associations internationales  
   
 Connect with UIA:  
 Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  Bluesky 
    
 General Information:  
 Contact 
  History 
  UIA's profile in the Yearbook 
  Institutional Status 
  Structure and Statutes 
  Privacy Policy 
    
 UIA's Relevance to:  
 Global Issues 
  Associations and Organizations 
  The Meetings Industry 
  Academics and Researchers 
    
 Library & Archive:  
 Publications Archive 
  Document Archive 
    
 Support:  
   
 Make a Donation 

 © 1907 - 2024 Union of International Associations Terms and Conditions    

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

22. Conference SSDBM_3:
Close    

   Nearby     Filter      Events   
    Companies   
    Experts   
    Hubs   

   Add Event    
   
   Login   

 26th Edition    
  Add a review    
 30 Jun - 02 Jul 2014    
 International Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management  
   
  Conference    
   Comwell Hvide Hus Aalborg  , Aalborg  , Denmark  Get Directions         
    3  Followers    

  Select   Select   Save   Share    
 Follow  Attended?    

 About | Exhibitors | Speakers | Reviews | Deals 
  
 Average post reach is 132.5k users. Start networking today!  
    
 Write a post here...   
   
 Post  

 Be a part of the International Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management shortly taking place during 3o Jun to 03 JUL 2014 in Denmark. The conference is offering an huge and genuine platform for leaders and key players of the industry to gather exchange ideas and research results in a dynamic setting. The program will also foster discussions on various important topiucs selected by the professionals such as Cyberinfrastructure for scientific computing and eScience, Data-intensive and cloud computing, System architectures for scientific and statistical data management and analysis and many more. The program will also feature key note speakers presenting case studies, data support, and applications.  
 Listed In  
  Business Services   #Big Data   #Information Systems     

 Average post reach is 132.5k users. Start networking today!  
    
 Write a post here...   
   
 Post  

 Timings  
 09:00 AM-06:00 PM (expected)  
  Not Verified | Entry Fees  
 Check Official Website 
 Estimated Turnout  
 100 - 500 Delegates   
 Based on previous editions | Event Type  
  Conference 
 Editions  
 Jun 2014 26th Edition   

  Frequency  Not Available | Official Links  
 Website  Contacts         

  Report Error   
  Claim this event 
 Organizer  
  Follow Company   
  Queries about the event?  Ask Organizer     
   
 Daisy - Center for Data Intensive Systems   Denmark  1  Total Event 
 57.042153  9.911857  Venue Map & Directions  
 Booking.com     
 Comwell Hvide Hus Aalborg    
 Vesterbro 2, 9000 Aalborg   
  Denmark   
 Get Directions 

 Frequently Asked Questions Contact Organizer   
  What type of products / services will be showcased in the event?   
     
 Big Data,Information Systems etc. are some of the products / services to be showcased in International Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management.   
   Helpful    

  Can I get a list of speakers participating in the event?   
     
 To get the speaker list on mail register at the link  .   
   Helpful    

  Can I get a list of exhibitors participating in the event?   
     
 To get the exhibitor list on mail register at the link  .   
   Helpful    

  Ask More Questions    

 Write a Review  
   Add Your Review    

   Edition Jun 2014     
 How did you participate in this event?  
   
  Visitor     
  Exhibitor     
     Speaker     

 Followers [ Users who have shown interest for this Event ]  Join Community   Invite    

 Ahiakornu   
  Denmark at Ghanaairtime  
  King, United States    
 Connect    

 Ritva Nissi   
  Medicine at Meditähti Oy  
  Oulu, Finland    
 Connect    

 Ritva Nissi   
  Medicine at Meditähti Oy  
  Oulu, Finland    
 Connect    

  Add Profile    

  Invite users with similar interest    
    Hesham AlJaroodi   
 na  
  Aalborg, Denmark    
 Invite    

    Guðrún Jóna Guðmundsdóttir   
 GDPR  
  Aalborg, Denmark    
 Invite    

    paulina ramirez   
  Aalborg, Denmark    
 Invite    

    Dembo Conteh   
 Manager  
  Aalborg, Denmark    
 Invite    

    John Bracken   
 Staff  
  Aalborg, Denmark    
 Invite    

    Mahmoud Abdulwahed   
 aaa  
  Aalborg, Denmark    
 Invite    

    Hoan Van Doan   
 Manager Hr  
  Aalborg, Denmark    
 Invite    

    Rajiv Banerjee   
 Ceo  
  Aalborg, Denmark    
 Invite    

 View More    
  
 57.042153  9.911857  Venue Map & Directions  
   Comwell Hvide Hus Aalborg    
 Vesterbro 2, 9000 Aalborg   
  Denmark   
 Get Directions   
   
 More Events Around Aalborg  
  
 Jan 21 2025 | Danish Defence Annual Conference   
  Aalborg, Denmark 

   Aalborg   Holstebro   

 https://10times.com/hub/business-consultancy-hub   

 Next step - Complete your profile   To mark your interest in International Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management    
 Reach over 2M+ audience with 1 post!   
 Talk About Event  Ask Questions  Share Success    

 Complete your event journey   

 Network   
     
 Broadcast   
     
 Plan   
     
 Attend   
     
 Feedback   

 Related Events  
  
 Jan 12 2025 | Washington International Strategic Leadership Conference    
  Greenbelt, USA 
 Mar 04 2025 | PMW Unlocked   
  London, UK 
 Feb 12 2025 | The New Era of Crisis Communications   
  London, UK 
 Dec 11 2024 | CIO Insight North America - San Diego   
  San Diego, USA 
 Jan 10 2025 | Global Conference on Business Management and Economics   
  Honolulu, USA 

 More Events Around Aalborg  
  
 Jan 21 2025 | Danish Defence Annual Conference   
  Aalborg, Denmark 

   Aalborg   Holstebro   
  
 Featured Hotels in Aalborg  
  
 Comwell Hvide Hus Aalborg   
     from DKK 1615 
 Casa Corner Bed & Breakfast   
   from DKK 850 
 aday - Aalborg Mansion Cozy Pri..   
   from DKK 644 
 aday - Aalborg Mansion - Charmi..   
   from DKK 385.7 
  
 More Hotels    

   All Events 
  Conferences 
  Business Services Conferences 
  Business Services Conferences in Denmark 
  Business Services Events in Aalborg 

                                         Loading...   

  Selected    

  About Us  FOR PARTNERS  Event Data Intelligence  BROWSE    
 Career | Join us  Event Management Software  List Event | Partner Login  All Events  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Media & Press Releases  Event Apps  Event Marketing  Trade Shows  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Help Center | FAQ  Event Website  Testimonials  Conferences  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Feedback  Event Venues  Blog  Companies    
  By continuing past this page, you agree to our Terms of Service  , Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy  and Content Policies. All trademarks are properties of their respective owners   
 © 2014-2024 - Ten Times Online Private Limited. All rights reserved.    

           
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

23. Conference SSPR_2:
true  https://prod.accdab.net/cdn/cs/ebiaklm7tP0ykOyjm7KGfgNcPyo.js  500    

 Premium Members Save 10% Join Now    

 ×  Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date.   
   
  For a better shopping experience, please upgrade now.   

 !  
 Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the features of our site.  
   
  Learn how to enable JavaScript on your browser   

     Sorry, we couldn't find what you're looking for. Please try another search or check your content settings.  

 B&N Top 100  
 See All     
  
           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 All the Colors of the Dark (Read with Jenna Pick)    
 by Chris Whitaker    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 James (2024 B&N Book of the Year) (National Book Award Winner)    
 by Percival Everett    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Taylor's Temptation    
 by Suzanne Brockmann    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Sleigh! (B&N Exclusive Edition)    
 by Mo Willems    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Hot Mess (Diary of a Wimpy Kid #19)    
 by Jeff Kinney    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The House of Cross: Meet the hero of the new Prime series Cross-the greatest detective of all time    
 by James Patterson    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Backyard Bird Chronicles (2024 B&N Gift Book of the Year)    
 by Amy Tan  , David Allen Sibley (Foreword by)    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Impossible Creatures (B&N Exclusive Edition) (2024 B&N Children's Book of the Year)    
 by Katherine Rundell    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Women: A Novel    
 by Kristin Hannah    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Lady Plays with Fire    
 by Susanna Craig    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Book of Bill (B&N Exclusive Edition)    
 by Alex Hirsch    

     Pre-Order Now         Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Onyx Storm (Deluxe Limited Edition)    
 by Rebecca Yarros    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Second Half: A Novel    
 by Lauraine Snelling    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 One Dark Window (B&N Exclusive Edition)    
 by Rachel Gillig    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Tom Clancy Defense Protocol    
 by Brian Andrews  , Jeffrey Wilson    

 Everyone's Talking About  
 Explore Now     
  
           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 All the Colors of the Dark (Read with Jenna Pick)    
 by Chris Whitaker    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 James (2024 B&N Book of the Year) (National Book Award Winner)    
 by Percival Everett    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Backyard Bird Chronicles (2024 B&N Gift Book of the Year)    
 by Amy Tan  , David Allen Sibley (Foreword by)    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Impossible Creatures (B&N Exclusive Edition) (2024 B&N Children's Book of the Year)    
 by Katherine Rundell    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Women: A Novel    
 by Kristin Hannah    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Book of Bill (B&N Exclusive Edition)    
 by Alex Hirsch    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Cher: The Memoir, Part One    
 by Cher    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Framed: Astonishing True Stories of Wrongful Convictions    
 by John Grisham  , Jim McCloskey    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Intermezzo: A Novel    
 by Sally Rooney    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Be Ready When the Luck Happens: A Memoir    
 by Ina Garten    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Martha: The Cookbook: 100 Favorite Recipes, with Lessons and Stories from My Kitchen    
 by Martha Stewart    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 Revenge of the Tipping Point: Overstories, Superspreaders, and the Rise of Social Engineering    
 by Malcolm Gladwell    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 This Girl's a Killer: A Novel    
 by Emma C. Wells    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Mistletoe Mystery: A Maid Novella    
 by Nita Prose    

           Add to Wishlist                                        
 QUICK ADD    
   
 The Spellshop    
 by Sarah Beth Durst    

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

24. Conference SSS_0:
Your Browser is out of date.  
  
  Update your browser to view ScienceDirect.  
  
  View recommended browsers  .  

  Request details:  
 Request ID:  8ed3c4ca3f40604d-SIN  
  IP:  116.110.43.85  
  UTC time  : 2024-12-05T11:41:43+00:00  
  Browser  : Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/91.0.4472.124 Safari/537.36  

    About ScienceDirect    Shopping cart    Contact and support    Terms and conditions    Privacy policy    
 Cookies are used by this site. By continuing you agree to the use of cookies   .  
 Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V., its licensors, and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies. For all open access content, the Creative Commons licensing terms apply.  

   
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

25. Conference SSS_1:
S S  S'24   
   
 Home 
  About 
  Keynotes 
  Awards 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Papers 
  Venue 
  Hotels 
  Dates 
  CFP 
  Organization 
  Supporters 

 The 26th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security  of Distributed Systems  
 October 20-22, Nagoya International Center  , Aichi, Japan  
  About SSS 2024    
  
 About SSS 2024  
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment.  
   
 Where  
 Nagoya International Center  , Aichi, Japan  
   
 When  
 Sunday to Tuesday  
  20-22 October 2024  

 Keynotes  
 Here are our keynote speakers  
   
   Michel Raynal   
 IRISA, CNRS, Inria, and University of Rennes  

   Koutarou Suzuki   
 Toyohashi University of Technology  

 Awards  
   
 The paper Softening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution  , co-authored by Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty, and Maxwell Young received the best paper award.  
 Also, Haruki Kanaya received the best student paper award for his paper Complete Graph Identification in Population Protocols  , co-authored with Yuichi Sudo.  

 Registration  
   
 Registration is required to participate in SSS 2024. At least one "Author" registration is necessary for each accepted paper; otherwise, the paper will not be included in the proceedings.  Discounted prices are available for early registrations until 27 September. An accompanying person may attend the social event (including banquet and tour) for an extra JPY 15,000. Registrations will close on 15 October 2024.  
 Registration was closed on October 15   
   
 Author  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 70,000   
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420)   
 From 28 Sept.: Not Available   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Regular  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 70,000   
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420)   
 From 28 Sept.: JPY 85,000   
 (ca. USD 550, EUR 510)   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Student  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 50,000   
 (ca. USD 330, EUR 300)   
 From 28 Sept.: JPY 65,000   
 (ca. USD 420, EUR 390)   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Social Only  
 Until 15 Oct.: JPY 15,000   
 (ca. USD 100, EUR 90)   
  Includes: Banquet 
  Tour 

 Note that all the dates listed here are in Japan Standard Time (UTC+9).   
  
 Program  
 Here is our event schedule  
   
 Oct. 20 (Sun) 
  Oct. 21 (Mon) 
  Oct. 22 (Tue) 
  Regular and invited papers are given 25 minutes for their presentations, including Q&A, whereas BA papers have 10 minutes for them.  
 8:45 - 9:30    
 Registration  

 9:30 - 9:40    
 Opening (Yoshiaki Katayama)   

 9:40 - 10:40    
 Keynote 1 (chair: Toshimitsu Masuzawa)   
 Michel Raynal. On Distributed Computing: A View, Physical vs Logical Objects, and a Look at Fully Anonymous Systems.    

 10:40 - 11:00    
 Break  

 11:00 - 12:00    
 Session 1 —Track D(1)— (chair: Konstantinos Georgiou)   
 Evangelos Kranakis. | Invited Paper: A Survey of the Impact of Knowledge on the Competitive Ratio in Linear Search. 
  Quentin Bramas, Stéphane Devismes, Anaïs Durand, Pascal Lafourcade and Anissa Lamani. | Optimal Asynchronous Perpetual Grid Exploration. 
  Ashish Saxena, Barun Gorain, Subhrangsu Mandal and Kaushik Mondal. | Brief Announcement: Pebble Guided Rendezvous Despite Fault. 

 12:00 - 13:45    
 Lunch  

 13:45 - 14:45    
 Session 2 —Track D(2)— (chair: Sebastien Tixeuil)   
 Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso, Gabriele Di Stefano and Alfredo Navarra. | Gathering of Robots in Butterfly Networks. 
  Haruki Kanaya and Yuichi Sudo. | Complete Graph Identification in Population Protocols. 
  Raja Das, Pritam Goswami and Buddhadeb Sau. | Brief Announcement: Perpetual Exploration of Triangular Grid by Myopic Oblivious Robots without Chirality. 

 14:45 - 15:05    
 Break  

 15:05 - 16:20    
 Session 3 —Track D(3)— (chair: Hirotsugu Kakugawa)   
 Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Invited Paper: Gathering Oblivious Robots in the Plane. 
  Keita Nakajima, Kaito Takase and Koichi Wada. | Efficient Self-stabilizing Simulations of Energy-Restricted Mobile Robots by Asynchronous Luminous Mobile Robots. 
  Sahar Badri, Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso and Gabriele Di Stefano. | An optimal algorithm for geodesic mutual visibility on hexagonal grids. 

 16:20 - 16:40    
 Break  

 16:40 - 17:55    
 Session 4 —Track D(4)— (chair: Quentin Bramas)   
 Alfredo Navarra and Francesco Piselli. | Coating in SILBOT with One Axis Agreement. 
  Ryonosuke Yamada, Tomoyuki Usami and Yukiko Yamauchi. | Rendezvous and Merging for Two Metamorphic Robotic Systems without Global Compass. 
  Kouhei Otaka, Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Gathering Semi-Synchronously Scheduled Two-State Robots. 

 17:55 -    
 Business meeting  

 8:45 -    
 Open  

 9:15 - 10:15    
 Session 5 —Track B(1)— (chair: Fukuhito Ooshita)   
 Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Maurice Herlihy, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sergio Rajsbaum. | Invited Paper: The Smart Contract Model. 
  Adam Gańczorz, Leszek Gasieniec, Tomasz Jurdzinski, Jakub Kowalski and Grzegorz Stachowiak. | Selective Population Protocols. 
  Baruch Schieber. | Brief Announcement: Towards Proportionate Fair Assignment. 

 10:15 - 10:35    
 Break  

 10:35 - 11:50    
 Session 6 —Track B(2)— (chair: Taisuke Izumi)   
 Yefim Dinitz, Shlomi Dolev, Manish Kumar and Baruch Schieber. | Partially Disjoint Shortest Paths and Near-Shortest Paths Trees. 
  Louis Vialar, Jämes Ménétrey, Valerio Schiavoni and Pascal Felber. | BlindexTEE: A Blind Index Approach towards TEE-supported End-to-end Encrypted DBMS. 
  Christoph Lenzen and Sophie Wenning. | Tight Bounds for Constant-Round Domination on Graphs of High Girth and Low Expansion. 

 11:50 - 13:20    
 Lunch  

 13:20 - 14:50    
 Memorial Session —Dedicated to Professor Mohamed Gouda— (chair: Anish Arora)   
 Shlomi Dolev 
  Teruo Higashino 
  Ted Herman 
  Eunjin Jung 
  Sebastien Tixeuil 
  Jorge Cobb 
  Sandeep Kulkarni 
  Chin-Tser Huang 
  HB Acharya 
  Anish Arora 

 14:50 -    
 Social Event  

 8:45 -    
 Open  

 9:15 - 10:15    
 Keynote 2 (chair: Yoshiaki Katayama)   
 Koutarou Suzuki. Ring Signature and Distributed Cryptography.    

 10:15 - 10:35    
 Break  

 10:35 - 12:25    
 Session 7 —Track C— (chair: Pascal Felber)   
 Julius Wenzel, Andreas Berg, and Christof Fetzer. | Invited Paper: Using signed formulas for online certification. 
  Ranjith Chodavarapu, Rabimba Karanjai, Xinxin Fan, Larry Shi and Lei Xu. | Adding All Flavors: A Hybrid Random Number Generator for dApps and Web3. 
  K Sowjanya, Pabitra Pal, Aman Verma, Bijoy Das, Dhiman Saha, Anand M Baswade and Brejesh Lall. | SUPI-Rear: Privacy-Preserving Subscription Permanent Identification Strategy in 5G-AKA. 
  Sean Doris, Iosif Salem and Stefan Schmid. | Anomaly Detection Within Mission-Critical Call Processing. 
  Shlomi Dolev, Komal Kumari, Sharad Mehrotra, Baruch Schieber and Shantanu Sharma. | Brief Announcement: Make Master Private-Keys Secure by Keeping it Public. 

 12:25 - 13:55    
 Lunch  

 13:55 - 14:55    
 Session 8 —Track B(3)— (chair: Yuichi Sudo)   
 Kohya Shiozaki and Junya Nakamura. | Selection Guidelines for Geographical SMR Protocols: A Communication Pattern-based Latency Modeling Approach. 
  Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Lionel Beltrando, Maurice Herlihy and Maria Potop-Butucaru. | Byzantine Reliable Broadcast with One Trusted Monotonic Counter. 
  Erik van den Akker and Klaus-Tycho Foerster. | Brief Announcement: On the Feasibility of Local Failover Routing on Directed Graphs. 

 14:55 - 15:15    
 Break  

 15:15 - 16:05    
 Session 9 —Track B(4)— (chair: Maria Potop-Butucaru)   
 Joseph Oglio, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | TRAIL: Cross-Shard Validation for Byzantine Shard Protection. 
  Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty and Maxwell Young. | Softening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution. 

 16:05 - 16:25    
 Break  

 16:25 - 17:50    
 Session 10 —Track A— (chair: Sayaka Kamei)   
 Ali Ebnenasir. | Generating the Convergence Stairs of the Collatz Program. 
  Rachel Bricker, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | Consensus Through Knot Discovery in Asynchronous Dynamic Networks. 
  Tota Yamada and Yonghwan Kim. | A Self-Stabilizing Algorithm for the 1-Minimal Minus Domination Problem. 
  Mohamed Amine Legheraba, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sebastien Tixeuil. | Brief Announcement: Elevator: Self-* and Persistent Hub Sampling Service in Unstructured Peer-to-Peer Networks. 

 17:50 -    
 Closing (Yoshiaki Katayama)   

 Event Venue  
 Event venue location info and gallery  

 Nagoya International Center  
 SSS 2024 will take place in Annex Hall of Nagoya Intrnational Center  , which is directly conncted to Kokusai Center Station (Subway Sakura-dori Line) and 7-minute walk east from Nagoya Station.  

 Hotels  
   
 Nagoya is a big city and you can find many hotels near the symposium site at hotel reservation web sites such as Expedia  and Booking.com  . Here are some suggestions for attendees.  
 Near the venue  
 These hotels are conviniently located from the venue and Nagoya Station.  
 The Royal Park Canvas Nagoya 
  Just Inn Premium Nagoya Station 
  Sanco Inn Grande Nagoya 
  Super Hotel Premier Nagoya Natural Hot Springs 

 Near Nagoya Station  
 Nagoya Station is a terminal station easily accessible from Chubu Centrair International Airport  . It is about a 10-minute walk from the venue.  
 Nagoya Marriott Associa Hotel 
  Nagoya JR Gate Tower Hotel 
  Montblanc Hotel Raffine Nagoya Ekimae 
  APA Hotel Nagoya Ekimae 
  Comfort Hotel Nagoya Shinkansenguchi 

 Near Sakae  
 Sakae is a bit far from the venue (30 minutes on foot or 15 minutes by metro), but you will enjoy Nagoya's nightlife there.  
 Nishitetsu Hotel CROOM Nagoya 
  Comfort Inn Nagoya Sakae 

 Important Dates  
   
 First Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline: | April 7, 2024 | April 14, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
  Acceptance Notification: | May 13, 2024 | , May 20, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Copy Due: | May 23, 2024 | , May 30, 2024 
    
 Second Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline: | July 4, 2024 | July 18, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
  Acceptance Notification: August 16, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Copy Due: August 26, 2024 

 Call for Papers  
   
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the four symposium tracks:  
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice  
 Self-stabilizing systems 
  Self-stabilizing protocols and algorithms 
  Practically-stabilizing systems 
  Variants of self-stabilization 
  Topological stabilization 
  Autonomic Computing 
  Stabilization and self-* properties in hardware, software, and middleware design 
  Self-stabilizing software-defined infrastructure 
  Dynamic networks, time-varying graphs, evolving graphs 
  Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability  
 Distributed, concurrent, and fault-tolerant algorithms 
  Synchronization protocols 
  Shared and transactional memory 
  Graph-theoretic concepts for communication networks 
  Formal methods, validation, verification, and synthesis 
  Social networks 
  Game-theory and economical aspects of distributed computing 
  Randomization in distributed computing 
  High-performance, cluster, cloud and grid computing 
  Network security and privacy 
  Blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies 
  Applied cryptography 
  Track C. Cryptography and Security  
 Cryptographic designs, implementation analysis, and construction methods 
  Secure multi-party computation and cryptographic distributed protocols 
  Privacy-enhancing technologies and anonymity 
  Post-quantum and information theoretic cryptography and security 
  Secure software and secure programming methodologies 
  Formal methods, semantics and verification of secure systems 
  Fault tolerance, reliability, availability of distributed secure systems 
  Game-theoretic approaches to secure computing 
  Communication and internet: security, authentication and identification 
  Cybersecurity for hardware components, mobile, cyber-physical systems, and internet of things 
  Cybersecurity of corporations (applications, end points, and cloud) 
  Security and privacy for web applications 
  Security of edge and fog computing 
  Cryptocurrency and Blockchains 
  Track D. Moving and Computing  
 Mobile agents 
  Autonomous mobile robots 
  Mobile sensor networks 
  Mobile ad-hoc networks 
  Population protocols 
  Nature-inspired computing 
  Programmable particles, nanoscale robots, biological systems, and related new models 
  New Conference Model  
 We experiment with a new conference model. There will be TWO deadlines. The review process for these two deadlines will not overlap to allow papers rejected during the first review phase to be reworked, corrected, and enhanced before being resubmitted on the second review round, if wished by the authors. Papers may be submitted at only one deadline. Of course, accepted papers of the first review round are definitely accepted and should not be submitted to the second round. In case of resubmission, reviews from the first phase will be transmitted to the reviewers of the second phase.  
 Paper Submission  
 Papers are to be submitted electronically through EasyChair  . All submissions must conform to the formatting instructions of Springer LNCS series  . Each submission must be an original work written in English, in PDF format.  
 Double-blind Review  
 All submissions must be anonymous. We use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double- blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references in the text that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identities of the authors. Please feel free to ask the general co-chairs if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of SSS 2024.  
 Submissions  
 There are two types of submissions: regular papers and brief announcements.  
 A regular submission must not exceed 15 pages (including the title, abstract, figures, and references). 
  A brief announcement submission must not exceed 5 pages and should not include any appendix. 
  Additional necessary details for an expert to verify the main claims of the submission may be included in a clearly marked appendix if extra space is needed. Any submission deviating from these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of its merits. It is recommended that a regular submission begins with a succinct statement of the problem being addressed, a summary of the main results or conclusions, a brief explanation of their significance, a brief statement of the key ideas, and a comparison with related work, all tailored to a non-specialist. Technical development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow. Papers outside of the conference scope will be rejected without review. For the second round only, if requested by the authors on the cover page, a regular submission that is not selected for a regular presentation will also be considered for the brief announcement format. This will not affect consideration of the paper for a regular presentation.  
 Publication  
 Regular papers and brief announcements will be included in the conference proceedings. Conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS conference series.  
 Special Issue  
 Extended and revised versions of selected papers will be considered for a special issue of Theoretical Computer Science (TCS)   
 Paper Award  
 Prizes will be given to the best regular paper and best student regular paper. A regular paper is eligible for the best student paper if at least one of its authors is a full-time student at submission time. Authors should clearly indicate whether their submission is eligible to be considered for the best student paper award (e.g., using a \thanks  in the title). The PC may decline to confer awards or may split awards.  

 Organization  
   
 General Co-Chairs  
 Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
  Yoshiaki Katayama, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
  Organizing Chair  
 Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Sayaka Kamei, Hiroshima University, Japan 
  Publicity & Proceedings Chair  
 Junya Nakamura, Toyohashi University of Technology, Japan 
  Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Treasurer  
 Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
  Steering Committee  
 Anish Arora, Ohio State University, USA 
  Shlomi Dolev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel 
  Sandeep Kulkarni, Michigan State University, USA 
  Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
  Franck Petit, Sorbonne Université, France 
  Sébastien Tixeuil, (Chair) Sorbonne Université, France 
  Elad Michael Schiller, Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden 
  Advisory Committee  
 Sukumar Ghosh, University of Iowa, USA 
  Ted Herman, University of Iowa, USA 
  In Memory of  
 Ajoy Kumar Datta 
  Edsger W. Dijkstra 
  Mohamed Gouda 
    
 Program Committee  
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice  
 Arnaud Casteigts, Co-Chair, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
  Sayaka Kamei, Co-Chair, Hiroshima University, Japan 
  Karine Altisen, Verimag, France 
  Giuseppe Antonio Di Luna, University of Rome - Sapienza, Italy 
  Luciana Arantes, Universite Pierre et Marie Curie-Paris6, France 
  Lelia Blin, IRIF, Université Paris Cité, France 
  Swan Dubois, Sorbonne Université & Inria, France 
  Anissa Lamani, Université de Strasbourg, France 
  Pierre Leone, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
  Franck Petit, LiP6 CNRS-INRIA UPMC Sorbonne Universités, France 
  Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
  Yuichi Sudo, Hosei University, Japan 
  Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability  
 Fukuhito Ooshita, Co-Chair, Fukui University of Technology, Japan 
  Andrea Richa, Co-Chair, Arizona State University, United States 
  Rida Bazzi, Arizona State University, USA 
  Carole Delporte-Gallet, University Paris Diderot, France 
  Panagiota Fatourou, University of Crete, Greece 
  Laurent Feuilloley, University of Lyon, France 
  Olga Goussevskaia, Federal University of Minas Gerais, Brazil 
  Naoki Kitamura, Osaka University, Japan 
  Moti Medina, Bar-Ilan University, Israel 
  Sathya Peri, Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad, India 
  Michel Raynal, University of Rennes, France 
  Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
  Gregory Schwartzman, JAIST, Japan 
  Gokarna Sharma, Kent State University, USA 
  Jamison Weber, Arizona State University, USA 
  Yingjie Xue, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, China 
  Maxwell Young, Mississippi State University, USA 
  Track C. Security, Privacy and Application of Cryptography  
 Quentin Bramas, Co-Chair, University of Strasbourg, France 
  Pascal Felber, Co-Chair, Universite de Neuchatel, Switzerland 
  Emmanuelle Anceaume, CNRS IRISA, France 
  Pierre-Louis Aublin, IIJ Research laboratory, Japan 
  Christian Cachin, University of Bern, Switzerland 
  Pandu-Rangan Chandrasekaran, Madras, India 
  Naohiro Hayashibara, Kyoto Sangyo University, Japan 
  Rüdiger Kapitza, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg, Germany 
  Pascal Lafourcade, University Clermont Auvergne, France 
  Miguel Matos, IST Lisbon, Portugal 
  Atsuko Miyaji, Osaka University, Japan 
  Raoul Strackx, Fortanix, Netherlands 
  Sara Tucci Piergiovanni, CEA LIST, France 
  Osman Unsal, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain 
  Susanne Wetzel, Stevens Institute of Technology, United States 
  Track D. Moving and Computing  
 Konstantinos Georgiou, Co-Chair, Toronto Metropolitan University, Canada 
  Masahiro Shibata, Co-Chair, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan 
  John Augustine, IIT Madras, India 
  Doina Bein, California State University, USA 
  François Bonnet , Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Fabien Dufoulon, Lancaster University, UK 
  Ryota Eguchi, Nara Institute of Science and Technology, Japan 
  Darya Melnyk, TU Berlin, Germany 
  Othon Michail, University of Liverpool, UK 
  Alfredo Navarra, University of Perugia, Italy 
  Aris Pagourtzis, National Technical University of Athens, Greece 
  Denis Pankratov, Concordia University, Canada 
  Partha Sarathi Mandal, IIT Guwahati, India 
  Ramachandran Vaidyanathan, Louisiana State University, USA 
  Yukiko Yamauchi, Kyushu University, Japan 

 Supporters  
 SSS 2024 is supported by the following organizations. We deeply appreciate their supports.  

 Visit Nagoya -Nagoya City Guide- 
  MICE Nagoya (accomodation etc.) 
  Research Foundation for the Electrotechnology of Chubu 

 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment.  
   
 Useful Links  
 SSS conference series 
  Past proceedings 
    
 Contact Us  
 SSS 2024 Organizing Team  
  Email:  sss2024-nagoya@dsl.cs.tut.ac.jp   

 © Copyright SSS 2024  . All Rights Reserved   
 Designed by BootstrapMade    

    
Call for papers data: 
  S S  S'24   
   
 Home 
  About 
  Keynotes 
  Awards 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Papers 
  Venue 
  Hotels 
  Dates 
  CFP 
  Organization 
  Supporters 

 The 26th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security  of Distributed Systems  
 October 20-22, Nagoya International Center  , Aichi, Japan  
  About SSS 2024    
  
 About SSS 2024  
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment.  
   
 Where  
 Nagoya International Center  , Aichi, Japan  
   
 When  
 Sunday to Tuesday  
  20-22 October 2024  

 Keynotes  
 Here are our keynote speakers  
   
   Michel Raynal   
 IRISA, CNRS, Inria, and University of Rennes  

   Koutarou Suzuki   
 Toyohashi University of Technology  

 Awards  
   
 The paper Softening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution  , co-authored by Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty, and Maxwell Young received the best paper award.  
 Also, Haruki Kanaya received the best student paper award for his paper Complete Graph Identification in Population Protocols  , co-authored with Yuichi Sudo.  

 Registration  
   
 Registration is required to participate in SSS 2024. At least one "Author" registration is necessary for each accepted paper; otherwise, the paper will not be included in the proceedings.  Discounted prices are available for early registrations until 27 September. An accompanying person may attend the social event (including banquet and tour) for an extra JPY 15,000. Registrations will close on 15 October 2024.  
 Registration was closed on October 15   
   
 Author  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 70,000   
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420)   
 From 28 Sept.: Not Available   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Regular  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 70,000   
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420)   
 From 28 Sept.: JPY 85,000   
 (ca. USD 550, EUR 510)   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Student  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 50,000   
 (ca. USD 330, EUR 300)   
 From 28 Sept.: JPY 65,000   
 (ca. USD 420, EUR 390)   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Social Only  
 Until 15 Oct.: JPY 15,000   
 (ca. USD 100, EUR 90)   
  Includes: Banquet 
  Tour 

 Note that all the dates listed here are in Japan Standard Time (UTC+9).   
  
 Program  
 Here is our event schedule  
   
 Oct. 20 (Sun) 
  Oct. 21 (Mon) 
  Oct. 22 (Tue) 
  Regular and invited papers are given 25 minutes for their presentations, including Q&A, whereas BA papers have 10 minutes for them.  
 8:45 - 9:30    
 Registration  

 9:30 - 9:40    
 Opening (Yoshiaki Katayama)   

 9:40 - 10:40    
 Keynote 1 (chair: Toshimitsu Masuzawa)   
 Michel Raynal. On Distributed Computing: A View, Physical vs Logical Objects, and a Look at Fully Anonymous Systems.    

 10:40 - 11:00    
 Break  

 11:00 - 12:00    
 Session 1 —Track D(1)— (chair: Konstantinos Georgiou)   
 Evangelos Kranakis. | Invited Paper: A Survey of the Impact of Knowledge on the Competitive Ratio in Linear Search. 
  Quentin Bramas, Stéphane Devismes, Anaïs Durand, Pascal Lafourcade and Anissa Lamani. | Optimal Asynchronous Perpetual Grid Exploration. 
  Ashish Saxena, Barun Gorain, Subhrangsu Mandal and Kaushik Mondal. | Brief Announcement: Pebble Guided Rendezvous Despite Fault. 

 12:00 - 13:45    
 Lunch  

 13:45 - 14:45    
 Session 2 —Track D(2)— (chair: Sebastien Tixeuil)   
 Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso, Gabriele Di Stefano and Alfredo Navarra. | Gathering of Robots in Butterfly Networks. 
  Haruki Kanaya and Yuichi Sudo. | Complete Graph Identification in Population Protocols. 
  Raja Das, Pritam Goswami and Buddhadeb Sau. | Brief Announcement: Perpetual Exploration of Triangular Grid by Myopic Oblivious Robots without Chirality. 

 14:45 - 15:05    
 Break  

 15:05 - 16:20    
 Session 3 —Track D(3)— (chair: Hirotsugu Kakugawa)   
 Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Invited Paper: Gathering Oblivious Robots in the Plane. 
  Keita Nakajima, Kaito Takase and Koichi Wada. | Efficient Self-stabilizing Simulations of Energy-Restricted Mobile Robots by Asynchronous Luminous Mobile Robots. 
  Sahar Badri, Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso and Gabriele Di Stefano. | An optimal algorithm for geodesic mutual visibility on hexagonal grids. 

 16:20 - 16:40    
 Break  

 16:40 - 17:55    
 Session 4 —Track D(4)— (chair: Quentin Bramas)   
 Alfredo Navarra and Francesco Piselli. | Coating in SILBOT with One Axis Agreement. 
  Ryonosuke Yamada, Tomoyuki Usami and Yukiko Yamauchi. | Rendezvous and Merging for Two Metamorphic Robotic Systems without Global Compass. 
  Kouhei Otaka, Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Gathering Semi-Synchronously Scheduled Two-State Robots. 

 17:55 -    
 Business meeting  

 8:45 -    
 Open  

 9:15 - 10:15    
 Session 5 —Track B(1)— (chair: Fukuhito Ooshita)   
 Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Maurice Herlihy, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sergio Rajsbaum. | Invited Paper: The Smart Contract Model. 
  Adam Gańczorz, Leszek Gasieniec, Tomasz Jurdzinski, Jakub Kowalski and Grzegorz Stachowiak. | Selective Population Protocols. 
  Baruch Schieber. | Brief Announcement: Towards Proportionate Fair Assignment. 

 10:15 - 10:35    
 Break  

 10:35 - 11:50    
 Session 6 —Track B(2)— (chair: Taisuke Izumi)   
 Yefim Dinitz, Shlomi Dolev, Manish Kumar and Baruch Schieber. | Partially Disjoint Shortest Paths and Near-Shortest Paths Trees. 
  Louis Vialar, Jämes Ménétrey, Valerio Schiavoni and Pascal Felber. | BlindexTEE: A Blind Index Approach towards TEE-supported End-to-end Encrypted DBMS. 
  Christoph Lenzen and Sophie Wenning. | Tight Bounds for Constant-Round Domination on Graphs of High Girth and Low Expansion. 

 11:50 - 13:20    
 Lunch  

 13:20 - 14:50    
 Memorial Session —Dedicated to Professor Mohamed Gouda— (chair: Anish Arora)   
 Shlomi Dolev 
  Teruo Higashino 
  Ted Herman 
  Eunjin Jung 
  Sebastien Tixeuil 
  Jorge Cobb 
  Sandeep Kulkarni 
  Chin-Tser Huang 
  HB Acharya 
  Anish Arora 

 14:50 -    
 Social Event  

 8:45 -    
 Open  

 9:15 - 10:15    
 Keynote 2 (chair: Yoshiaki Katayama)   
 Koutarou Suzuki. Ring Signature and Distributed Cryptography.    

 10:15 - 10:35    
 Break  

 10:35 - 12:25    
 Session 7 —Track C— (chair: Pascal Felber)   
 Julius Wenzel, Andreas Berg, and Christof Fetzer. | Invited Paper: Using signed formulas for online certification. 
  Ranjith Chodavarapu, Rabimba Karanjai, Xinxin Fan, Larry Shi and Lei Xu. | Adding All Flavors: A Hybrid Random Number Generator for dApps and Web3. 
  K Sowjanya, Pabitra Pal, Aman Verma, Bijoy Das, Dhiman Saha, Anand M Baswade and Brejesh Lall. | SUPI-Rear: Privacy-Preserving Subscription Permanent Identification Strategy in 5G-AKA. 
  Sean Doris, Iosif Salem and Stefan Schmid. | Anomaly Detection Within Mission-Critical Call Processing. 
  Shlomi Dolev, Komal Kumari, Sharad Mehrotra, Baruch Schieber and Shantanu Sharma. | Brief Announcement: Make Master Private-Keys Secure by Keeping it Public. 

 12:25 - 13:55    
 Lunch  

 13:55 - 14:55    
 Session 8 —Track B(3)— (chair: Yuichi Sudo)   
 Kohya Shiozaki and Junya Nakamura. | Selection Guidelines for Geographical SMR Protocols: A Communication Pattern-based Latency Modeling Approach. 
  Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Lionel Beltrando, Maurice Herlihy and Maria Potop-Butucaru. | Byzantine Reliable Broadcast with One Trusted Monotonic Counter. 
  Erik van den Akker and Klaus-Tycho Foerster. | Brief Announcement: On the Feasibility of Local Failover Routing on Directed Graphs. 

 14:55 - 15:15    
 Break  

 15:15 - 16:05    
 Session 9 —Track B(4)— (chair: Maria Potop-Butucaru)   
 Joseph Oglio, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | TRAIL: Cross-Shard Validation for Byzantine Shard Protection. 
  Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty and Maxwell Young. | Softening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution. 

 16:05 - 16:25    
 Break  

 16:25 - 17:50    
 Session 10 —Track A— (chair: Sayaka Kamei)   
 Ali Ebnenasir. | Generating the Convergence Stairs of the Collatz Program. 
  Rachel Bricker, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | Consensus Through Knot Discovery in Asynchronous Dynamic Networks. 
  Tota Yamada and Yonghwan Kim. | A Self-Stabilizing Algorithm for the 1-Minimal Minus Domination Problem. 
  Mohamed Amine Legheraba, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sebastien Tixeuil. | Brief Announcement: Elevator: Self-* and Persistent Hub Sampling Service in Unstructured Peer-to-Peer Networks. 

 17:50 -    
 Closing (Yoshiaki Katayama)   

 Event Venue  
 Event venue location info and gallery  

 Nagoya International Center  
 SSS 2024 will take place in Annex Hall of Nagoya Intrnational Center  , which is directly conncted to Kokusai Center Station (Subway Sakura-dori Line) and 7-minute walk east from Nagoya Station.  

 Hotels  
   
 Nagoya is a big city and you can find many hotels near the symposium site at hotel reservation web sites such as Expedia  and Booking.com  . Here are some suggestions for attendees.  
 Near the venue  
 These hotels are conviniently located from the venue and Nagoya Station.  
 The Royal Park Canvas Nagoya 
  Just Inn Premium Nagoya Station 
  Sanco Inn Grande Nagoya 
  Super Hotel Premier Nagoya Natural Hot Springs 

 Near Nagoya Station  
 Nagoya Station is a terminal station easily accessible from Chubu Centrair International Airport  . It is about a 10-minute walk from the venue.  
 Nagoya Marriott Associa Hotel 
  Nagoya JR Gate Tower Hotel 
  Montblanc Hotel Raffine Nagoya Ekimae 
  APA Hotel Nagoya Ekimae 
  Comfort Hotel Nagoya Shinkansenguchi 

 Near Sakae  
 Sakae is a bit far from the venue (30 minutes on foot or 15 minutes by metro), but you will enjoy Nagoya's nightlife there.  
 Nishitetsu Hotel CROOM Nagoya 
  Comfort Inn Nagoya Sakae 

 Important Dates  
   
 First Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline: | April 7, 2024 | April 14, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
  Acceptance Notification: | May 13, 2024 | , May 20, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Copy Due: | May 23, 2024 | , May 30, 2024 
    
 Second Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline: | July 4, 2024 | July 18, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
  Acceptance Notification: August 16, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Copy Due: August 26, 2024 

 Call for Papers  
   
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the four symposium tracks:  
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice  
 Self-stabilizing systems 
  Self-stabilizing protocols and algorithms 
  Practically-stabilizing systems 
  Variants of self-stabilization 
  Topological stabilization 
  Autonomic Computing 
  Stabilization and self-* properties in hardware, software, and middleware design 
  Self-stabilizing software-defined infrastructure 
  Dynamic networks, time-varying graphs, evolving graphs 
  Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability  
 Distributed, concurrent, and fault-tolerant algorithms 
  Synchronization protocols 
  Shared and transactional memory 
  Graph-theoretic concepts for communication networks 
  Formal methods, validation, verification, and synthesis 
  Social networks 
  Game-theory and economical aspects of distributed computing 
  Randomization in distributed computing 
  High-performance, cluster, cloud and grid computing 
  Network security and privacy 
  Blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies 
  Applied cryptography 
  Track C. Cryptography and Security  
 Cryptographic designs, implementation analysis, and construction methods 
  Secure multi-party computation and cryptographic distributed protocols 
  Privacy-enhancing technologies and anonymity 
  Post-quantum and information theoretic cryptography and security 
  Secure software and secure programming methodologies 
  Formal methods, semantics and verification of secure systems 
  Fault tolerance, reliability, availability of distributed secure systems 
  Game-theoretic approaches to secure computing 
  Communication and internet: security, authentication and identification 
  Cybersecurity for hardware components, mobile, cyber-physical systems, and internet of things 
  Cybersecurity of corporations (applications, end points, and cloud) 
  Security and privacy for web applications 
  Security of edge and fog computing 
  Cryptocurrency and Blockchains 
  Track D. Moving and Computing  
 Mobile agents 
  Autonomous mobile robots 
  Mobile sensor networks 
  Mobile ad-hoc networks 
  Population protocols 
  Nature-inspired computing 
  Programmable particles, nanoscale robots, biological systems, and related new models 
  New Conference Model  
 We experiment with a new conference model. There will be TWO deadlines. The review process for these two deadlines will not overlap to allow papers rejected during the first review phase to be reworked, corrected, and enhanced before being resubmitted on the second review round, if wished by the authors. Papers may be submitted at only one deadline. Of course, accepted papers of the first review round are definitely accepted and should not be submitted to the second round. In case of resubmission, reviews from the first phase will be transmitted to the reviewers of the second phase.  
 Paper Submission  
 Papers are to be submitted electronically through EasyChair  . All submissions must conform to the formatting instructions of Springer LNCS series  . Each submission must be an original work written in English, in PDF format.  
 Double-blind Review  
 All submissions must be anonymous. We use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double- blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references in the text that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identities of the authors. Please feel free to ask the general co-chairs if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of SSS 2024.  
 Submissions  
 There are two types of submissions: regular papers and brief announcements.  
 A regular submission must not exceed 15 pages (including the title, abstract, figures, and references). 
  A brief announcement submission must not exceed 5 pages and should not include any appendix. 
  Additional necessary details for an expert to verify the main claims of the submission may be included in a clearly marked appendix if extra space is needed. Any submission deviating from these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of its merits. It is recommended that a regular submission begins with a succinct statement of the problem being addressed, a summary of the main results or conclusions, a brief explanation of their significance, a brief statement of the key ideas, and a comparison with related work, all tailored to a non-specialist. Technical development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow. Papers outside of the conference scope will be rejected without review. For the second round only, if requested by the authors on the cover page, a regular submission that is not selected for a regular presentation will also be considered for the brief announcement format. This will not affect consideration of the paper for a regular presentation.  
 Publication  
 Regular papers and brief announcements will be included in the conference proceedings. Conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS conference series.  
 Special Issue  
 Extended and revised versions of selected papers will be considered for a special issue of Theoretical Computer Science (TCS)   
 Paper Award  
 Prizes will be given to the best regular paper and best student regular paper. A regular paper is eligible for the best student paper if at least one of its authors is a full-time student at submission time. Authors should clearly indicate whether their submission is eligible to be considered for the best student paper award (e.g., using a \thanks  in the title). The PC may decline to confer awards or may split awards.  

 Organization  
   
 General Co-Chairs  
 Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
  Yoshiaki Katayama, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
  Organizing Chair  
 Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Sayaka Kamei, Hiroshima University, Japan 
  Publicity & Proceedings Chair  
 Junya Nakamura, Toyohashi University of Technology, Japan 
  Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Treasurer  
 Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
  Steering Committee  
 Anish Arora, Ohio State University, USA 
  Shlomi Dolev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel 
  Sandeep Kulkarni, Michigan State University, USA 
  Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
  Franck Petit, Sorbonne Université, France 
  Sébastien Tixeuil, (Chair) Sorbonne Université, France 
  Elad Michael Schiller, Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden 
  Advisory Committee  
 Sukumar Ghosh, University of Iowa, USA 
  Ted Herman, University of Iowa, USA 
  In Memory of  
 Ajoy Kumar Datta 
  Edsger W. Dijkstra 
  Mohamed Gouda 
    
 Program Committee  
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice  
 Arnaud Casteigts, Co-Chair, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
  Sayaka Kamei, Co-Chair, Hiroshima University, Japan 
  Karine Altisen, Verimag, France 
  Giuseppe Antonio Di Luna, University of Rome - Sapienza, Italy 
  Luciana Arantes, Universite Pierre et Marie Curie-Paris6, France 
  Lelia Blin, IRIF, Université Paris Cité, France 
  Swan Dubois, Sorbonne Université & Inria, France 
  Anissa Lamani, Université de Strasbourg, France 
  Pierre Leone, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
  Franck Petit, LiP6 CNRS-INRIA UPMC Sorbonne Universités, France 
  Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
  Yuichi Sudo, Hosei University, Japan 
  Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability  
 Fukuhito Ooshita, Co-Chair, Fukui University of Technology, Japan 
  Andrea Richa, Co-Chair, Arizona State University, United States 
  Rida Bazzi, Arizona State University, USA 
  Carole Delporte-Gallet, University Paris Diderot, France 
  Panagiota Fatourou, University of Crete, Greece 
  Laurent Feuilloley, University of Lyon, France 
  Olga Goussevskaia, Federal University of Minas Gerais, Brazil 
  Naoki Kitamura, Osaka University, Japan 
  Moti Medina, Bar-Ilan University, Israel 
  Sathya Peri, Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad, India 
  Michel Raynal, University of Rennes, France 
  Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
  Gregory Schwartzman, JAIST, Japan 
  Gokarna Sharma, Kent State University, USA 
  Jamison Weber, Arizona State University, USA 
  Yingjie Xue, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, China 
  Maxwell Young, Mississippi State University, USA 
  Track C. Security, Privacy and Application of Cryptography  
 Quentin Bramas, Co-Chair, University of Strasbourg, France 
  Pascal Felber, Co-Chair, Universite de Neuchatel, Switzerland 
  Emmanuelle Anceaume, CNRS IRISA, France 
  Pierre-Louis Aublin, IIJ Research laboratory, Japan 
  Christian Cachin, University of Bern, Switzerland 
  Pandu-Rangan Chandrasekaran, Madras, India 
  Naohiro Hayashibara, Kyoto Sangyo University, Japan 
  Rüdiger Kapitza, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg, Germany 
  Pascal Lafourcade, University Clermont Auvergne, France 
  Miguel Matos, IST Lisbon, Portugal 
  Atsuko Miyaji, Osaka University, Japan 
  Raoul Strackx, Fortanix, Netherlands 
  Sara Tucci Piergiovanni, CEA LIST, France 
  Osman Unsal, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain 
  Susanne Wetzel, Stevens Institute of Technology, United States 
  Track D. Moving and Computing  
 Konstantinos Georgiou, Co-Chair, Toronto Metropolitan University, Canada 
  Masahiro Shibata, Co-Chair, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan 
  John Augustine, IIT Madras, India 
  Doina Bein, California State University, USA 
  François Bonnet , Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Fabien Dufoulon, Lancaster University, UK 
  Ryota Eguchi, Nara Institute of Science and Technology, Japan 
  Darya Melnyk, TU Berlin, Germany 
  Othon Michail, University of Liverpool, UK 
  Alfredo Navarra, University of Perugia, Italy 
  Aris Pagourtzis, National Technical University of Athens, Greece 
  Denis Pankratov, Concordia University, Canada 
  Partha Sarathi Mandal, IIT Guwahati, India 
  Ramachandran Vaidyanathan, Louisiana State University, USA 
  Yukiko Yamauchi, Kyushu University, Japan 

 Supporters  
 SSS 2024 is supported by the following organizations. We deeply appreciate their supports.  

 Visit Nagoya -Nagoya City Guide- 
  MICE Nagoya (accomodation etc.) 
  Research Foundation for the Electrotechnology of Chubu 

 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment.  
   
 Useful Links  
 SSS conference series 
  Past proceedings 
    
 Contact Us  
 SSS 2024 Organizing Team  
  Email:  sss2024-nagoya@dsl.cs.tut.ac.jp   

 © Copyright SSS 2024  . All Rights Reserved   
 Designed by BootstrapMade    

    Important dates data: 
  S S  S'24   
   
 Home 
  About 
  Keynotes 
  Awards 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Papers 
  Venue 
  Hotels 
  Dates 
  CFP 
  Organization 
  Supporters 

 The 26th International Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security  of Distributed Systems  
 October 20-22, Nagoya International Center  , Aichi, Japan  
  About SSS 2024    
  
 About SSS 2024  
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment.  
   
 Where  
 Nagoya International Center  , Aichi, Japan  
   
 When  
 Sunday to Tuesday  
  20-22 October 2024  

 Keynotes  
 Here are our keynote speakers  
   
   Michel Raynal   
 IRISA, CNRS, Inria, and University of Rennes  

   Koutarou Suzuki   
 Toyohashi University of Technology  

 Awards  
   
 The paper Softening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution  , co-authored by Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty, and Maxwell Young received the best paper award.  
 Also, Haruki Kanaya received the best student paper award for his paper Complete Graph Identification in Population Protocols  , co-authored with Yuichi Sudo.  

 Registration  
   
 Registration is required to participate in SSS 2024. At least one "Author" registration is necessary for each accepted paper; otherwise, the paper will not be included in the proceedings.  Discounted prices are available for early registrations until 27 September. An accompanying person may attend the social event (including banquet and tour) for an extra JPY 15,000. Registrations will close on 15 October 2024.  
 Registration was closed on October 15   
   
 Author  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 70,000   
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420)   
 From 28 Sept.: Not Available   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Regular  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 70,000   
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420)   
 From 28 Sept.: JPY 85,000   
 (ca. USD 550, EUR 510)   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Student  
 Until 27 Sept.: JPY 50,000   
 (ca. USD 330, EUR 300)   
 From 28 Sept.: JPY 65,000   
 (ca. USD 420, EUR 390)   
  Includes: Conference attendance 
  Conference kit 
  Proceedings (electr.) 
  Coffee breaks 
  Banquet 
  Tour 
    
 Social Only  
 Until 15 Oct.: JPY 15,000   
 (ca. USD 100, EUR 90)   
  Includes: Banquet 
  Tour 

 Note that all the dates listed here are in Japan Standard Time (UTC+9).   
  
 Program  
 Here is our event schedule  
   
 Oct. 20 (Sun) 
  Oct. 21 (Mon) 
  Oct. 22 (Tue) 
  Regular and invited papers are given 25 minutes for their presentations, including Q&A, whereas BA papers have 10 minutes for them.  
 8:45 - 9:30    
 Registration  

 9:30 - 9:40    
 Opening (Yoshiaki Katayama)   

 9:40 - 10:40    
 Keynote 1 (chair: Toshimitsu Masuzawa)   
 Michel Raynal. On Distributed Computing: A View, Physical vs Logical Objects, and a Look at Fully Anonymous Systems.    

 10:40 - 11:00    
 Break  

 11:00 - 12:00    
 Session 1 —Track D(1)— (chair: Konstantinos Georgiou)   
 Evangelos Kranakis. | Invited Paper: A Survey of the Impact of Knowledge on the Competitive Ratio in Linear Search. 
  Quentin Bramas, Stéphane Devismes, Anaïs Durand, Pascal Lafourcade and Anissa Lamani. | Optimal Asynchronous Perpetual Grid Exploration. 
  Ashish Saxena, Barun Gorain, Subhrangsu Mandal and Kaushik Mondal. | Brief Announcement: Pebble Guided Rendezvous Despite Fault. 

 12:00 - 13:45    
 Lunch  

 13:45 - 14:45    
 Session 2 —Track D(2)— (chair: Sebastien Tixeuil)   
 Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso, Gabriele Di Stefano and Alfredo Navarra. | Gathering of Robots in Butterfly Networks. 
  Haruki Kanaya and Yuichi Sudo. | Complete Graph Identification in Population Protocols. 
  Raja Das, Pritam Goswami and Buddhadeb Sau. | Brief Announcement: Perpetual Exploration of Triangular Grid by Myopic Oblivious Robots without Chirality. 

 14:45 - 15:05    
 Break  

 15:05 - 16:20    
 Session 3 —Track D(3)— (chair: Hirotsugu Kakugawa)   
 Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Invited Paper: Gathering Oblivious Robots in the Plane. 
  Keita Nakajima, Kaito Takase and Koichi Wada. | Efficient Self-stabilizing Simulations of Energy-Restricted Mobile Robots by Asynchronous Luminous Mobile Robots. 
  Sahar Badri, Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso and Gabriele Di Stefano. | An optimal algorithm for geodesic mutual visibility on hexagonal grids. 

 16:20 - 16:40    
 Break  

 16:40 - 17:55    
 Session 4 —Track D(4)— (chair: Quentin Bramas)   
 Alfredo Navarra and Francesco Piselli. | Coating in SILBOT with One Axis Agreement. 
  Ryonosuke Yamada, Tomoyuki Usami and Yukiko Yamauchi. | Rendezvous and Merging for Two Metamorphic Robotic Systems without Global Compass. 
  Kouhei Otaka, Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Gathering Semi-Synchronously Scheduled Two-State Robots. 

 17:55 -    
 Business meeting  

 8:45 -    
 Open  

 9:15 - 10:15    
 Session 5 —Track B(1)— (chair: Fukuhito Ooshita)   
 Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Maurice Herlihy, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sergio Rajsbaum. | Invited Paper: The Smart Contract Model. 
  Adam Gańczorz, Leszek Gasieniec, Tomasz Jurdzinski, Jakub Kowalski and Grzegorz Stachowiak. | Selective Population Protocols. 
  Baruch Schieber. | Brief Announcement: Towards Proportionate Fair Assignment. 

 10:15 - 10:35    
 Break  

 10:35 - 11:50    
 Session 6 —Track B(2)— (chair: Taisuke Izumi)   
 Yefim Dinitz, Shlomi Dolev, Manish Kumar and Baruch Schieber. | Partially Disjoint Shortest Paths and Near-Shortest Paths Trees. 
  Louis Vialar, Jämes Ménétrey, Valerio Schiavoni and Pascal Felber. | BlindexTEE: A Blind Index Approach towards TEE-supported End-to-end Encrypted DBMS. 
  Christoph Lenzen and Sophie Wenning. | Tight Bounds for Constant-Round Domination on Graphs of High Girth and Low Expansion. 

 11:50 - 13:20    
 Lunch  

 13:20 - 14:50    
 Memorial Session —Dedicated to Professor Mohamed Gouda— (chair: Anish Arora)   
 Shlomi Dolev 
  Teruo Higashino 
  Ted Herman 
  Eunjin Jung 
  Sebastien Tixeuil 
  Jorge Cobb 
  Sandeep Kulkarni 
  Chin-Tser Huang 
  HB Acharya 
  Anish Arora 

 14:50 -    
 Social Event  

 8:45 -    
 Open  

 9:15 - 10:15    
 Keynote 2 (chair: Yoshiaki Katayama)   
 Koutarou Suzuki. Ring Signature and Distributed Cryptography.    

 10:15 - 10:35    
 Break  

 10:35 - 12:25    
 Session 7 —Track C— (chair: Pascal Felber)   
 Julius Wenzel, Andreas Berg, and Christof Fetzer. | Invited Paper: Using signed formulas for online certification. 
  Ranjith Chodavarapu, Rabimba Karanjai, Xinxin Fan, Larry Shi and Lei Xu. | Adding All Flavors: A Hybrid Random Number Generator for dApps and Web3. 
  K Sowjanya, Pabitra Pal, Aman Verma, Bijoy Das, Dhiman Saha, Anand M Baswade and Brejesh Lall. | SUPI-Rear: Privacy-Preserving Subscription Permanent Identification Strategy in 5G-AKA. 
  Sean Doris, Iosif Salem and Stefan Schmid. | Anomaly Detection Within Mission-Critical Call Processing. 
  Shlomi Dolev, Komal Kumari, Sharad Mehrotra, Baruch Schieber and Shantanu Sharma. | Brief Announcement: Make Master Private-Keys Secure by Keeping it Public. 

 12:25 - 13:55    
 Lunch  

 13:55 - 14:55    
 Session 8 —Track B(3)— (chair: Yuichi Sudo)   
 Kohya Shiozaki and Junya Nakamura. | Selection Guidelines for Geographical SMR Protocols: A Communication Pattern-based Latency Modeling Approach. 
  Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Lionel Beltrando, Maurice Herlihy and Maria Potop-Butucaru. | Byzantine Reliable Broadcast with One Trusted Monotonic Counter. 
  Erik van den Akker and Klaus-Tycho Foerster. | Brief Announcement: On the Feasibility of Local Failover Routing on Directed Graphs. 

 14:55 - 15:15    
 Break  

 15:15 - 16:05    
 Session 9 —Track B(4)— (chair: Maria Potop-Butucaru)   
 Joseph Oglio, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | TRAIL: Cross-Shard Validation for Byzantine Shard Protection. 
  Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty and Maxwell Young. | Softening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution. 

 16:05 - 16:25    
 Break  

 16:25 - 17:50    
 Session 10 —Track A— (chair: Sayaka Kamei)   
 Ali Ebnenasir. | Generating the Convergence Stairs of the Collatz Program. 
  Rachel Bricker, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | Consensus Through Knot Discovery in Asynchronous Dynamic Networks. 
  Tota Yamada and Yonghwan Kim. | A Self-Stabilizing Algorithm for the 1-Minimal Minus Domination Problem. 
  Mohamed Amine Legheraba, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sebastien Tixeuil. | Brief Announcement: Elevator: Self-* and Persistent Hub Sampling Service in Unstructured Peer-to-Peer Networks. 

 17:50 -    
 Closing (Yoshiaki Katayama)   

 Event Venue  
 Event venue location info and gallery  

 Nagoya International Center  
 SSS 2024 will take place in Annex Hall of Nagoya Intrnational Center  , which is directly conncted to Kokusai Center Station (Subway Sakura-dori Line) and 7-minute walk east from Nagoya Station.  

 Hotels  
   
 Nagoya is a big city and you can find many hotels near the symposium site at hotel reservation web sites such as Expedia  and Booking.com  . Here are some suggestions for attendees.  
 Near the venue  
 These hotels are conviniently located from the venue and Nagoya Station.  
 The Royal Park Canvas Nagoya 
  Just Inn Premium Nagoya Station 
  Sanco Inn Grande Nagoya 
  Super Hotel Premier Nagoya Natural Hot Springs 

 Near Nagoya Station  
 Nagoya Station is a terminal station easily accessible from Chubu Centrair International Airport  . It is about a 10-minute walk from the venue.  
 Nagoya Marriott Associa Hotel 
  Nagoya JR Gate Tower Hotel 
  Montblanc Hotel Raffine Nagoya Ekimae 
  APA Hotel Nagoya Ekimae 
  Comfort Hotel Nagoya Shinkansenguchi 

 Near Sakae  
 Sakae is a bit far from the venue (30 minutes on foot or 15 minutes by metro), but you will enjoy Nagoya's nightlife there.  
 Nishitetsu Hotel CROOM Nagoya 
  Comfort Inn Nagoya Sakae 

 Important Dates  
   
 First Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline: | April 7, 2024 | April 14, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
  Acceptance Notification: | May 13, 2024 | , May 20, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Copy Due: | May 23, 2024 | , May 30, 2024 
    
 Second Deadline  
 Paper Submission Deadline: | July 4, 2024 | July 18, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
  Acceptance Notification: August 16, 2024 
  Camera-Ready Copy Due: August 26, 2024 

 Call for Papers  
   
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the four symposium tracks:  
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice  
 Self-stabilizing systems 
  Self-stabilizing protocols and algorithms 
  Practically-stabilizing systems 
  Variants of self-stabilization 
  Topological stabilization 
  Autonomic Computing 
  Stabilization and self-* properties in hardware, software, and middleware design 
  Self-stabilizing software-defined infrastructure 
  Dynamic networks, time-varying graphs, evolving graphs 
  Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability  
 Distributed, concurrent, and fault-tolerant algorithms 
  Synchronization protocols 
  Shared and transactional memory 
  Graph-theoretic concepts for communication networks 
  Formal methods, validation, verification, and synthesis 
  Social networks 
  Game-theory and economical aspects of distributed computing 
  Randomization in distributed computing 
  High-performance, cluster, cloud and grid computing 
  Network security and privacy 
  Blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies 
  Applied cryptography 
  Track C. Cryptography and Security  
 Cryptographic designs, implementation analysis, and construction methods 
  Secure multi-party computation and cryptographic distributed protocols 
  Privacy-enhancing technologies and anonymity 
  Post-quantum and information theoretic cryptography and security 
  Secure software and secure programming methodologies 
  Formal methods, semantics and verification of secure systems 
  Fault tolerance, reliability, availability of distributed secure systems 
  Game-theoretic approaches to secure computing 
  Communication and internet: security, authentication and identification 
  Cybersecurity for hardware components, mobile, cyber-physical systems, and internet of things 
  Cybersecurity of corporations (applications, end points, and cloud) 
  Security and privacy for web applications 
  Security of edge and fog computing 
  Cryptocurrency and Blockchains 
  Track D. Moving and Computing  
 Mobile agents 
  Autonomous mobile robots 
  Mobile sensor networks 
  Mobile ad-hoc networks 
  Population protocols 
  Nature-inspired computing 
  Programmable particles, nanoscale robots, biological systems, and related new models 
  New Conference Model  
 We experiment with a new conference model. There will be TWO deadlines. The review process for these two deadlines will not overlap to allow papers rejected during the first review phase to be reworked, corrected, and enhanced before being resubmitted on the second review round, if wished by the authors. Papers may be submitted at only one deadline. Of course, accepted papers of the first review round are definitely accepted and should not be submitted to the second round. In case of resubmission, reviews from the first phase will be transmitted to the reviewers of the second phase.  
 Paper Submission  
 Papers are to be submitted electronically through EasyChair  . All submissions must conform to the formatting instructions of Springer LNCS series  . Each submission must be an original work written in English, in PDF format.  
 Double-blind Review  
 All submissions must be anonymous. We use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double- blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references in the text that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identities of the authors. Please feel free to ask the general co-chairs if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of SSS 2024.  
 Submissions  
 There are two types of submissions: regular papers and brief announcements.  
 A regular submission must not exceed 15 pages (including the title, abstract, figures, and references). 
  A brief announcement submission must not exceed 5 pages and should not include any appendix. 
  Additional necessary details for an expert to verify the main claims of the submission may be included in a clearly marked appendix if extra space is needed. Any submission deviating from these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of its merits. It is recommended that a regular submission begins with a succinct statement of the problem being addressed, a summary of the main results or conclusions, a brief explanation of their significance, a brief statement of the key ideas, and a comparison with related work, all tailored to a non-specialist. Technical development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow. Papers outside of the conference scope will be rejected without review. For the second round only, if requested by the authors on the cover page, a regular submission that is not selected for a regular presentation will also be considered for the brief announcement format. This will not affect consideration of the paper for a regular presentation.  
 Publication  
 Regular papers and brief announcements will be included in the conference proceedings. Conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS conference series.  
 Special Issue  
 Extended and revised versions of selected papers will be considered for a special issue of Theoretical Computer Science (TCS)   
 Paper Award  
 Prizes will be given to the best regular paper and best student regular paper. A regular paper is eligible for the best student paper if at least one of its authors is a full-time student at submission time. Authors should clearly indicate whether their submission is eligible to be considered for the best student paper award (e.g., using a \thanks  in the title). The PC may decline to confer awards or may split awards.  

 Organization  
   
 General Co-Chairs  
 Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
  Yoshiaki Katayama, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
  Organizing Chair  
 Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Sayaka Kamei, Hiroshima University, Japan 
  Publicity & Proceedings Chair  
 Junya Nakamura, Toyohashi University of Technology, Japan 
  Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Treasurer  
 Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
  Steering Committee  
 Anish Arora, Ohio State University, USA 
  Shlomi Dolev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel 
  Sandeep Kulkarni, Michigan State University, USA 
  Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
  Franck Petit, Sorbonne Université, France 
  Sébastien Tixeuil, (Chair) Sorbonne Université, France 
  Elad Michael Schiller, Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden 
  Advisory Committee  
 Sukumar Ghosh, University of Iowa, USA 
  Ted Herman, University of Iowa, USA 
  In Memory of  
 Ajoy Kumar Datta 
  Edsger W. Dijkstra 
  Mohamed Gouda 
    
 Program Committee  
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice  
 Arnaud Casteigts, Co-Chair, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
  Sayaka Kamei, Co-Chair, Hiroshima University, Japan 
  Karine Altisen, Verimag, France 
  Giuseppe Antonio Di Luna, University of Rome - Sapienza, Italy 
  Luciana Arantes, Universite Pierre et Marie Curie-Paris6, France 
  Lelia Blin, IRIF, Université Paris Cité, France 
  Swan Dubois, Sorbonne Université & Inria, France 
  Anissa Lamani, Université de Strasbourg, France 
  Pierre Leone, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
  Franck Petit, LiP6 CNRS-INRIA UPMC Sorbonne Universités, France 
  Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
  Yuichi Sudo, Hosei University, Japan 
  Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability  
 Fukuhito Ooshita, Co-Chair, Fukui University of Technology, Japan 
  Andrea Richa, Co-Chair, Arizona State University, United States 
  Rida Bazzi, Arizona State University, USA 
  Carole Delporte-Gallet, University Paris Diderot, France 
  Panagiota Fatourou, University of Crete, Greece 
  Laurent Feuilloley, University of Lyon, France 
  Olga Goussevskaia, Federal University of Minas Gerais, Brazil 
  Naoki Kitamura, Osaka University, Japan 
  Moti Medina, Bar-Ilan University, Israel 
  Sathya Peri, Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad, India 
  Michel Raynal, University of Rennes, France 
  Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
  Gregory Schwartzman, JAIST, Japan 
  Gokarna Sharma, Kent State University, USA 
  Jamison Weber, Arizona State University, USA 
  Yingjie Xue, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, China 
  Maxwell Young, Mississippi State University, USA 
  Track C. Security, Privacy and Application of Cryptography  
 Quentin Bramas, Co-Chair, University of Strasbourg, France 
  Pascal Felber, Co-Chair, Universite de Neuchatel, Switzerland 
  Emmanuelle Anceaume, CNRS IRISA, France 
  Pierre-Louis Aublin, IIJ Research laboratory, Japan 
  Christian Cachin, University of Bern, Switzerland 
  Pandu-Rangan Chandrasekaran, Madras, India 
  Naohiro Hayashibara, Kyoto Sangyo University, Japan 
  Rüdiger Kapitza, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg, Germany 
  Pascal Lafourcade, University Clermont Auvergne, France 
  Miguel Matos, IST Lisbon, Portugal 
  Atsuko Miyaji, Osaka University, Japan 
  Raoul Strackx, Fortanix, Netherlands 
  Sara Tucci Piergiovanni, CEA LIST, France 
  Osman Unsal, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain 
  Susanne Wetzel, Stevens Institute of Technology, United States 
  Track D. Moving and Computing  
 Konstantinos Georgiou, Co-Chair, Toronto Metropolitan University, Canada 
  Masahiro Shibata, Co-Chair, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan 
  John Augustine, IIT Madras, India 
  Doina Bein, California State University, USA 
  François Bonnet , Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan 
  Fabien Dufoulon, Lancaster University, UK 
  Ryota Eguchi, Nara Institute of Science and Technology, Japan 
  Darya Melnyk, TU Berlin, Germany 
  Othon Michail, University of Liverpool, UK 
  Alfredo Navarra, University of Perugia, Italy 
  Aris Pagourtzis, National Technical University of Athens, Greece 
  Denis Pankratov, Concordia University, Canada 
  Partha Sarathi Mandal, IIT Guwahati, India 
  Ramachandran Vaidyanathan, Louisiana State University, USA 
  Yukiko Yamauchi, Kyushu University, Japan 

 Supporters  
 SSS 2024 is supported by the following organizations. We deeply appreciate their supports.  

 Visit Nagoya -Nagoya City Guide- 
  MICE Nagoya (accomodation etc.) 
  Research Foundation for the Electrotechnology of Chubu 

 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment.  
   
 Useful Links  
 SSS conference series 
  Past proceedings 
    
 Contact Us  
 SSS 2024 Organizing Team  
  Email:  sss2024-nagoya@dsl.cs.tut.ac.jp   

 © Copyright SSS 2024  . All Rights Reserved   
 Designed by BootstrapMade

26. Conference SSS_2:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.    
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

27. Conference SSPR_3:
Account | Sign In  Register 
  Join | Join plus  today to earn stamps and receive other rewards as you spend in our shops, cafes, and online* 
  Wish list 
    
  Shop Finder 
  Help 
  Events 
  Blog 
  Gift Cards 
  Win 

 Waterstones    
   
  Menu   
  New 
  Christmas 
  Special Editions 
  Books 
  Our Favourites 
  Games 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Festive Favourites   Christmas Shop 
  Stocking Fillers 
  Gifts For ... 
  Gift Books 
  Little But Lovely 
  Great Book Deals 
  2024's Most Wanted 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Bestsellers 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Cards 
  The Best Books of 2024 Blogs 
  Writers Recommend: Winter Reads 
  Christmas Entertainment 
    Christmas Essentials   Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Cards 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  Festive Reads 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
     Top Categories   Fiction 
  Non-Fiction 
  Children's 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Crime 
  Science Fiction & Fantasy 
  Romantasy 
  Manga 
  Clothbound Classics 
  Biography 
  Food & Drink 
  Humour 
  Puzzles & Quizes 
  Sport 
     Children's Christmas    Children's Stationery and Gifts 
  Stocking Fillers 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  First Christmas 
  Children's Gifts For ... 
  Annuals 
  Games & Puzzles 
  Toys 
  Jellycat 
  Soft Toys 
  Harry Potter 
  Favourite Characters 
  Favourite Authors 
  Reference 
  LEGO® 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Legami 
     Stationery & Gifts    Gifts 
  Games 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
  Calendars & Diaries 
  Arts & Crafts 
  Top Categories   Bestsellers 
  Coming Soon 
  New Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Great Book Deals 
  Paperback Offers 
  Book Awards 
  Books of the Month 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books 
    Fiction    Waterstones Debut Fiction Prize 
  Anthologies & Short Stories 
  Classics 
  Clothbound Classics 
  Fiction in Translation 
  Historical Fiction 
  Modern & Contemporary 
  Myths & Legends 
  Novellas 
  Poetry, Drama & Literary Criticism 
  Romance 
  LGBTQ+ Fiction 
     Crime    Classic Crime 
  Cosy Crime 
  Historical Crime 
  Thrillers 
  True Crime 
    Graphic Novels & Manga    Graphic Novels 
  Manga 
    Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror    Fantasy 
  Fantasy Romance 
  Horror 
  Science Fiction 
     Non-Fiction Books    Art, Fashion & Photography 
  Astronomy & Space 
  Biography & True Stories 
  Business, Finance & Law 
  Computing & Internet 
  Entertainment 
  Environment 
  Film & TV 
  Food & Drink 
  Health & Lifestyle 
  History 
  Hobbies, Quizzes & Games 
  Home & Garden 
  Humour 
  Language & Reference 
  Mindfulness 
  Music 
  Nature Writing 
  Outdoor Pursuits 
  Parenting 
  Pets 
  Philosophy 
  Politics 
  Popular Science 
  Science, Technology & Medicine 
  Self-Help 
  Spirituality & Beliefs 
  Sport 
  Transport 
  Travel 
     Children's    Baby, Toddler & Pre-School 
  Picture Books 
  Favourite Characters & Authors 
  Ages 5-8 
  Ages 9-12 
  Teenage and Young Adult 
  Children's Paperback Offers 
    Popular Children's Categories   Children's Favourite Authors 
  Annuals 2025 
  Gift Books 
  LGBTQ+ Young Adult 
  Activity Books 
  Children's Fiction 
  Early Learning 
  Education & Study Guides 
  Hobbies & Interests 
  Poetry & Anthologies 
  Reference 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Books for Reluctant Readers 
  School Holidays 
  Our Favourite Pages   Bestsellers 
  Christmas 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  The Books You've Always Meant to Read 
  Coming Soon 
  Gift Books 
  Gifts For... 
  Between the Covers 
  The Booker Library 
  BookTok 
  Books of the Month 
  Game of the Month 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Great Book Deals 
  Careers 
  Book Awards 
  Cultural Highlights 
  Prize Draws 
  Waterstones App 
  Waterstones Blog 
  Waterstones Events 
  Waterstones Podcast 
     Favourite Authors   Agatha Christie 
  Cassandra Clare 
  Colleen Hoover 
  David Nicholls 
  Elly Griffiths 
  Frank Herbert 
  George R.R. Martin 
  Haruki Murakami 
  J.R.R. Tolkien 
  Julia Quinn 
  Kazuo Ishiguro 
  Lee Child 
  Leigh Bardugo 
  Rebecca Yarros 
  Richard Osman 
  Sarah J Maas 
  Stephen King 
  Taylor Jenkins Reid 
  Terry Pratchett 
    Favourite Series   Bridgerton 
  Discworld 
  Doctor Who 
  Dune 
  A Game of Thrones 
  Hunger Games 
  Star Wars 
     Favourite Children's & YA Authors   Alice Oseman 
  A.F. Steadman 
  Beatrix Potter 
  David Walliams 
  Dr Seuss 
  Frank Cottrell Boyce 
  Holly Jackson 
  Jacqueline Wilson 
  Jeff Kinney 
  Jennifer Lynn Barnes 
  J.K. Rowling 
  Joseph Coelho 
  Julia Donaldson 
  Karen McManus 
  Katherine Rundell 
  Lauren Roberts 
  Malorie Blackman 
  Marcus Rashford 
  M.G. Leonard 
  Philip Pullman 
  Roald Dahl 
  Suzanne Collins 
  Tom Fletcher 
     Favourite Children's Characters, Friends & Series    Asterix & Obelix 
  Bluey 
  Bunny vs Monkey 
  Dog Man 
  The Gruffalo 
  Guess How Much I Love You 
  Harry Potter 
  Heartstopper 
  Horrible Histories 
  Jellycat 
  Little People Big Dreams 
  Mog the Cat 
  The Moomins 
  Paddington 
  Peppa Pig 
  Peter Rabbit 
  Skandar 
  Supertato 
  That's Not My... 
  Thomas the Tank Engine 
  Tintin 
  Tom Gates 
  The Very Hungry Caterpillar 
  We're Going on a Bear Hunt 
  Wimpy Kid 
  Winnie the Pooh 
  All Games    Board Games 
  Card Games 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Games Flagships 
  Game of the Month 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
     Top Categories   Family Games 
  Logic & Deduction Games 
  Party Games 
  Strategy Games 
  Traditional Games 
  Travel Games 
  Word Games 
  Accessories & Dice 
  Dungeons & Dragons 
     More Games Categories   Abstract Games 
  Bluffing Games 
  Cooperative Games 
  Film & TV Games 
  Single Player Games 
  Thematic Games 
  Two Player Games 
  Christmas   Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Cards 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
    Gifts    Accessories 
  Cloth Bags 
  Gadgets & Technology 
  Home & Lifestyle 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
  Literary Gifts 
  Manga Gifts 
  Novelty Gifts 
  Toys & Games 
     Children's    Children's Arts & Crafts 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Jigsaw Puzzles 
  Children's Stationery 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat 
  Legami 
  LEGO® 
  Soft Toys 
  Toys 
     Stationery    Cards, Postcards & Notecards 
  Gift Wrap 
  Notebooks & Journals 
  Stationery Essentials 
  Calendars & Diaries 
    Book Accessories    Book Lights and Lamps 
  Bookmarks 
  Reading Glasses & Magnifiers 
     Arts & Crafts    Brushes 
  Canvas 
  Crafting 
  Paint 
  Paper 
  Pens, Pencils & Pastels 
    
 Books 
  Christmas 
  Children's 
  Games 
  Our Favourites 
  New Books 
  Great Book Deals 
  Coming Soon 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Gift Cards 
  Gift Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Blog 
  Events 
  Podcast 
  Prize Draws 
  BACK 
  Fiction Bestsellers 
  Anthologies and Short Stories 
  Classics 
  Fiction in Translation 
  Historical Fiction 
  Modern & Contemporary 
  Myths & Legends 
  Novellas 
  Poetry, Drama & Literary Criticism 
  Romance 
  BACK 
  Bestsellers 
  Coming Soon 
  New Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Paperback Offers 
  Fiction 
  Non-Fiction 
  Children's 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Manga 
  Waterstones Debut Fiction Prize 
  Book Awards 
  Books of the Month 
  Cultural Highlights 
  BACK 
  Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  Christmas Cards 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
  BACK 
  Crime Bestsellers 
  Agatha Christie 
  Classic Crime 
  Cosy Crime 
  historical Crime 
  Thrillers 
  True Crime 
  BACK 
  Dungeons & Dragons 
  Abstract 
  Accessories & Dice 
  Bluffing Games 
  Board Games 
  Card Games 
  Cooperative Games 
  Family Games 
  Film & TV Games 
  Logic & Deduction 
  Party Games 
  Quiz & Trivia Games 
  Single Player Games 
  Strategy Games 
  Thematic Games 
  Traditional Games 
  Travel Games 
  Two Player Games 
  Word Games 
  BACK 
  Christmas Entertainment 
  Christmas Shop 
  Festive Favourites 
  Christmas Essentials 
  Children's Christmas 
  BACK 
  Writers Recommend: Winter Reads 
  Stocking Fillers 
  Gifts For ... 
  Gift Books 
  Little But Lovely 
  2024's Most Wanted 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Cards 
  Best Books of 2024 Blogs 
  BACK 
  Sci-fi & fantasy bestsellers 
  Science Fiction 
  fantasy 
  Fantasy Romance 
  Graphic Novels 
  Horror 
  Manga 
  game of thrones 
  Doctor Who 
  Good Omens 
  Star Wars 
  BACK 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Children's Bestsellers 
  Baby & Toddler 
  Picture Books 
  Ages 5-8 
  Ages 9-12 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Children's Paperbacks Offers 
  Children's Favourite Authors 
  Characters, Friends & Series 
  Popular Authors 
  Popular Categories 
  Toys, Games & Stationery 
  Education & Study Guides 
  BACK 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
  Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Cards 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  Festive Reads 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  BACK 
  Children's Stationery & Gifts 
  Stocking Fillers 
  First Christmas 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  Children's Gifts For ... 
  Annuals 
  Harry Potter 
  Jellycat 
  Favourite Characters 
  Favourite Authors 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  BACK 
  All Games 
  Browse Categories 
  Board Games 
  Card Games 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Games Flagships 
  Game of the Month 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
  BACK 
  Toys & Games 
  Gifts 
  Accessories 
  Cloth Bags 
  Gadgets & Technology 
  Home & Lifestyle 
  Literary Gifts 
  Manga Gifts 
  Novelty Gifts 
  BACK 
  Book Lights 
  Bookmarks 
  Reading Glasses & Magnifiers 
  BACK 
  Bestsellers 
  Christmas 
  The Books You've Always Meant to Read 
  Coming Soon 
  New Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Gift Cards 
  Gifts For... 
  Great Book Deals 
  Between the Covers 
  The Booker Library 
  BookTok 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Books of the Month 
  Game of the Month 
  Manga 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books 
  Book Awards 
  Cultural Highlights 
  Prize Draws 
  Waterstones App 
  Waterstones Blog 
  Waterstones Bookshops 
  Waterstones Events 
  Waterstones Podcast 
  BACK 
  Children's Arts & Crafts 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Stationery 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat 
  Legami 
  LEGO® 
  Soft Toys 
  BACK 
  Stationery Bestsellers 
  Calendars & Diaries 
  Cards, Postcards & Notecards 
  Gift Wrap 
  Notebooks & Journals 
  Stationery Essentials 
  Pens & Pencils 
  BACK 
  Fiction 
  Crime 
  Sci-fi & fantasy 
  Graphic Novels 
  Manga 
  Clothbound Classics 
  Modern & Contemporary Fiction 
  BACK 
  Bluey 
  Elmer 
  Dog Man 
  the gruffalo 
  Guess How Much I Love You 
  harry potter 
  Heartstopper 
  Horrible histories 
  Little People, Big Dreams 
  Mog the Cat 
  Moomins 
  Paddington 
  Peppa Pig 
  Peter Rabbit 
  Pip & Posy 
  Tom Gates 
  That's Not My... 
  The Very Hungry Caterpillar 
  We're Going on a Bear Hunt 
  Wimpy Kid 
  Winnie the Pooh 
  BACK 
  Bluey 
  Bunny vs Monkey 
  Dog Man 
  Elmer 
  The Gruffalo 
  Guess How Much I Love You 
  Harry Potter 
  Heartstopper 
  Horrible Histories 
  Jellycat 
  Little People, Big Dreams 
  Mog the Cat 
  The Moomins 
  Paddington 
  Peppa Pig 
  Peter Rabbit 
  Pip & Posy 
  Skandar 
  Supertato 
  That's Not My... 
  Thomas the Tank Engine 
  Tom Gates 
  The Very Hungry Caterpillar 
  We're Going on a Bear Hunt 
  Wimpy Kid 
  Winnie the Pooh 
  BACK 
  Christmas 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Children's Stationery & Gifts 
  Gifts 
  Book Accessories 
  Children's 
  Stationery 
  Calendars & Diaries 
  Arts & Crafts 
  BACK 
  Browse All Arts & Crafts 
  Brushes 
  Canvas 
  Craft 
  Paint 
  Paper 
  Pens, Pencils & Pastels 
  BACK 
  Non-Fiction Bestsellers 
  Art, Fashion & Photography 
  Astronomy & Space 
  Biography & True Stories 
  Business, Finance & Law 
  Computing & Internet 
  Education & Study Guides 
  entertainment 
  environment 
  Film & TV 
  food & drink 
  health & lifestyle 
  History 
  Hobbies, quizzes & games 
  home & garden 
  Humour 
  Language & reference 
  Mind, body & spirit 
  Music 
  Nature Writing 
  Outdoor Pursuits 
  Parenting 
  Pets 
  Philosophy 
  Politics 
  Popular Science 
  Science, technology & medicine 
  Self-Help 
  spirituality & beliefs 
  Sports 
  Transport 
  Travel & Maps 
  True Crime 
  BACK 
  Alice Oseman 
  Beatrix Potter 
  Cassandra Clare 
  David Walliams 
  Holly Jackson 
  Jacqueline Wilson 
  Jeff Kinney 
  J.K. Rowling 
  Julia Donaldson 
  Liz Pichon 
  Karen McManus 
  Malorie Blackman 
  Philip Pullman 
  Roald Dahl 
  BACK 
  Suzanne Collins 
  Tom Fletcher 
  A.F. Steadman 
  Alice Oseman 
  Beatrix Potter 
  David Walliams 
  Dr Seuss 
  Frank Cottrell Boyce 
  Holly Jackson 
  Jacqueline Wilson 
  Jeff Kinney 
  J. K. Rowling 
  Joseph Coelho 
  Julia Donaldson 
  Karen McManus 
  Katherine Rundell 
  Lauren Roberts 
  Liz Pichon 
  Malorie Blackman 
  Marcus Rashford 
  M.G. Leonard 
  Philip Pullman 
  Roald Dahl 
  BACK 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Children's Bestsellers 
  Baby & Toddler 
  Picture Books 
  Ages 5-8 
  Ages 9-12 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Characters, Friends & Series 
  Popular Authors 
  Popular Categories 
  Toys, Games & Stationery 
  Education & Study Guides 
  BACK 
  Children's Fiction 
  Annuals 2025 
  Dyslexic & Reluctant Readers 
  early learning 
  Education & Study Guides 
  Hobbies & Interests 
  Gift Books 
  Poetry & Anthologies 
  Reference 
  Waterstones Children's Book Prize 
  Activity Books 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  BACK 
  Annuals 2025 
  Gift Books 
  Books for Reluctant Readers 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Children's Fiction 
  Early Learning 
  Education & Study Guides 
  Hobbies & Interests 
  Activity Books 
  LGBTQ+ Young Adult 
  Poetry & Anthologies 
  Reference 
  Waterstones Children's Book Prize 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  School Holidays 
  BACK 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Jigsaws 
  Children's Stationery 
  Colouring & Painting 
  Crafts & Hobbies 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat 
  LEGO ® 
  Soft Toys 
  Toys 
  BACK 
  Children's Stationery & Gifts 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat Toys 
  LEGO® 
  Soft Toys 
  Toys 
  Children's Arts & Crafts 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Jigsaws 
  Children's Stationery 

 0  Basket   
  Spend £25.00   to qualify for free UK delivery.   
 Your order qualifies for free UK delivery.   

  Join  plus   before checkout to earn stamps on your order and be eligible for plus  rewards.   
 Unavailable | Update 

 0 items | £0.00 
  
 Checkout    
   
 Your basket is empty.  

 Books 

 Shops 
  Help 
  Careers 
  Account Sales 
    
 Free UK delivery on orders over £25    
   
  Close   

   Free  UK Standard Delivery   On all orders over £25, otherwise £2.99   Order in time for Christmas   18 th  December by 2pm 2nd  Class  |  
  20 th  December by 2pm 1st  Class    Free  Click & Collect   From 2 hours after you order*     

 This item can be found in:   
  Computing & Internet  > Computer science  > Artificial intelligence   
  Science, Technology & Medicine  > Mathematics & science  > Mathematics  > Discrete mathematics   
  Computing & Internet  > Computer programming & software development  > Graphics programming   
    
    zoom   

 Structural, Syntactic, and Statistical Pattern Recognition: Joint IAPR International Workshops, S+SSPR 2024, Venice, Italy, September 9–10, 2024, Revised Selected Papers - Lecture Notes in Computer Science 15444 (Paperback)   
 Andrea Torsello    (editor)  , Luca Rossi    (editor)  , Luca Cosmo    (editor)  , Giorgia Minello    (editor)   Sign in to write a review      
   
 £49.99     
   
 Paperback  171  Pages  
  Published:  08/02/2025     

 Free UK delivery on orders over £25   
 Coming soon 
    
 Awaiting publication  
   
 Free UK delivery on orders over £25   
 Quantity     
 Pre-order    

 This item has been added to your basket 
  View basket  Checkout    

 View other formats and editions     

 Synopsis    
 This book constitutes the proceedings of the Joint IAPR International Workshops on Structural, Syntactic, and Statistical Pattern Recognition, S+SSPR 2024, which took place in Venice, Italy, during September 9-11, 2024.  
 The 19 full papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 27 submissions. The proceedings focus on pattern recognition, including classification and clustering, deep learning, structural matching and graph-theoretic methods, and multimedia analysis and understanding.  
   
 Publisher: Springer International Publishing AG    
  ISBN: 9783031805066    
  Number of pages: 171    
  Dimensions: 235  x 155  mm    

 You may also be interested in...  
    Added to basket    

 Applications of Artificial Intelligence in Chemistry    
 Hugh M. Cartwright      
 Paperback  £29.99    

    Added to basket    

 Causality    
 Judea Pearl      
 Hardback  £54.99    

    Added to basket    

 Programming Computer Vision with Python    
 Jan Erik Solem      
 Paperback  £47.99    

    Added to basket    

 Machine Learning    
 Kevin P. Murphy      
 Hardback  £100.00    

    Added to basket    

 Visualize This    
 Nathan Yau      
 Paperback  £35.00    

    Added to basket    

 Understanding Beliefs    
 Nils J. Nilsson      
 Paperback  £15.99    

    Added to basket    

 Learning-Based Local Visual Representation and Indexing    
 Rongrong Ji      
 Paperback  £29.99    

    Added to basket    

 Computer Vision    
 Simon J. D. Prince      
 Hardback  £69.99    

    Added to basket    

 Digital Typefaces    
 Peter Karow      
 Paperback  £44.99    

    Added to basket    

 Introducing Artificial Intelligence    
 Henry Brighton      
 Paperback  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 Bayesian Reasoning and Machine Learning    
 David Barber      
 Hardback  £60.99    

    Added to basket    

 Why Greatness Cannot Be Planned    
 Kenneth O. Stanley      
 Paperback  £24.99    

    Added to basket    

 Face and Facial Expression Recognition from Real World Videos    
 Qiang Ji      
 Paperback  £44.99    

    Added to basket    

 Dark Pools    
 Scott Patterson      
 Paperback  £12.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Elements of Statistical Learning    
 Trevor Hastie      
 Hardback  £64.99    

    Added to basket    

 Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning    
 Christopher M. Bishop      
 Hardback  £74.99    

  Reviews  
 Sign In To Write A Review    
 Please sign in  to write a review  
   
 Your review has been submitted successfully.  

 Shopping with us  
 Contact Us 
  Bookshops 
  Click & Collect 
  Delivery Options 
  Online Pricing 
  Returning Items 
  Student Discount 
  Waterstones Gift Cards 
    
 Legal  
 Accessibility 
  Cookie Policy 
  Manage Cookies 
  Modern Slavery Statement 
  Privacy Notice - How We Use Your Information 
  Terms & Conditions 
  Gender Pay Gap Report 
  Complaints Process 
    
 About Waterstones  
 About us 
  Affiliates 
  Careers at Waterstones 
  Hatchards 
  Independent Publishers 
  Waterstones Account Sales 
  Waterstones App 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  Waterstones Plus 
    
 Follow us  
 X 
  Facebook 
  Instagram 
  TikTok 
  YouTube 
    
 Contact us    
 Help    
 Waterstones App    
 Privacy Policy - How We Use Your Information    
 Complaints Process    
 Cookie Policy    
 Gender Pay Gap Report    
 Manage Cookies    
 Modern Slavery Statement    
 Student Discount    
 Waterstones Account Sales    
 © Waterstones, 2024. Waterstones Booksellers Limited. Registered in England and Wales. Company number 00610095. Registered office address: 203-206 Piccadilly, London, W1J 9HD.    
  
  ×  Sign In / Register  
  
 Not registered? CREATE AN ACCOUNT  CREATE A plus  ACCOUNT         

   Remember me   ?   
   
 Reset password    
   
 Sign in    
    
 Forgotten password  Create a new password   
 Please enter your email address below and we'll send you a link to reset your password.  
   
 To keep your account safe, please enter your email address below so that we can send you a secure link to update your password  
   
 Submit    
    
 Submit    
   
  Back to login    

 ×  Sign In  
  
   Not you?    

  Reset password    
 Sign in    

 Forgotten password  Create a new password   
  Please enter your email address below and we'll send you a link to reset your password.  
   
 To keep your account safe, please enter your email address below so that we can send you a secure link to update your password  
   
 Submit    
    
 Submit    
   
 If you have changed your email address then contact us  and we will update your details.  
   
  Back to login    

 ×  Download the Waterstones App  
  
 Would you like to proceed to the App store  to download the Waterstones App?  
 Download Now  Dismiss   

  ×  Click & Collect  
  
 Reserve online, pay on collection. Reservations are held for 5 days.   

 Thank you for your reservation   
 Your order is now being processed and we have sent a confirmation email to you at    

 This item can be requested from the shops shown below.   
   
     Go    

      First name *      
   
 Last name *      
   
 Email address *      

 Please provide me with your latest book news, views and details of Waterstones’ special offers.      
 Place Order     
   
 When will my order be ready to collect?   
 Following the initial email, you will be contacted by the shop to confirm that your item is available for collection.   
 Call us on  or send us an email at    
 OK    
   
 Unfortunately there has been a problem with your order   
   
 Please try again or alternatively you can contact your chosen shop on  or send us an email at    

 ×  Report Review   
  
   Please select a reason for reporting this review  :  
  Hateful, abusive or threatening    Legal issue    Inappropriate language/content    Personally identifying information   Submit     

  
Call for papers data: 
     
   
 Account | Sign In  Register 
  Join | Join plus  today to earn stamps and receive other rewards as you spend in our shops, cafes, and online* 
  Wish list 
    
  Shop Finder 
  Help 
  Events 
  Blog 
  Gift Cards 
  Win 

 Waterstones    
   
  Menu   
  New 
  Christmas 
  Special Editions 
  Books 
  Our Favourites 
  Games 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Festive Favourites   Christmas Shop 
  Stocking Fillers 
  Gifts For ... 
  Gift Books 
  Little But Lovely 
  Great Book Deals 
  2024's Most Wanted 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Bestsellers 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Cards 
  The Best Books of 2024 Blogs 
  Writers Recommend: Winter Reads 
  Christmas Entertainment 
    Christmas Essentials   Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Cards 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  Festive Reads 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
     Top Categories   Fiction 
  Non-Fiction 
  Children's 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Crime 
  Science Fiction & Fantasy 
  Romantasy 
  Manga 
  Clothbound Classics 
  Biography 
  Food & Drink 
  Humour 
  Puzzles & Quizes 
  Sport 
     Children's Christmas    Children's Stationery and Gifts 
  Stocking Fillers 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  First Christmas 
  Children's Gifts For ... 
  Annuals 
  Games & Puzzles 
  Toys 
  Jellycat 
  Soft Toys 
  Harry Potter 
  Favourite Characters 
  Favourite Authors 
  Reference 
  LEGO® 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Legami 
     Stationery & Gifts    Gifts 
  Games 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
  Calendars & Diaries 
  Arts & Crafts 
  Top Categories   Bestsellers 
  Coming Soon 
  New Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Great Book Deals 
  Paperback Offers 
  Book Awards 
  Books of the Month 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books 
    Fiction    Waterstones Debut Fiction Prize 
  Anthologies & Short Stories 
  Classics 
  Clothbound Classics 
  Fiction in Translation 
  Historical Fiction 
  Modern & Contemporary 
  Myths & Legends 
  Novellas 
  Poetry, Drama & Literary Criticism 
  Romance 
  LGBTQ+ Fiction 
     Crime    Classic Crime 
  Cosy Crime 
  Historical Crime 
  Thrillers 
  True Crime 
    Graphic Novels & Manga    Graphic Novels 
  Manga 
    Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror    Fantasy 
  Fantasy Romance 
  Horror 
  Science Fiction 
     Non-Fiction Books    Art, Fashion & Photography 
  Astronomy & Space 
  Biography & True Stories 
  Business, Finance & Law 
  Computing & Internet 
  Entertainment 
  Environment 
  Film & TV 
  Food & Drink 
  Health & Lifestyle 
  History 
  Hobbies, Quizzes & Games 
  Home & Garden 
  Humour 
  Language & Reference 
  Mindfulness 
  Music 
  Nature Writing 
  Outdoor Pursuits 
  Parenting 
  Pets 
  Philosophy 
  Politics 
  Popular Science 
  Science, Technology & Medicine 
  Self-Help 
  Spirituality & Beliefs 
  Sport 
  Transport 
  Travel 
     Children's    Baby, Toddler & Pre-School 
  Picture Books 
  Favourite Characters & Authors 
  Ages 5-8 
  Ages 9-12 
  Teenage and Young Adult 
  Children's Paperback Offers 
    Popular Children's Categories   Children's Favourite Authors 
  Annuals 2025 
  Gift Books 
  LGBTQ+ Young Adult 
  Activity Books 
  Children's Fiction 
  Early Learning 
  Education & Study Guides 
  Hobbies & Interests 
  Poetry & Anthologies 
  Reference 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Books for Reluctant Readers 
  School Holidays 
  Our Favourite Pages   Bestsellers 
  Christmas 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  The Books You've Always Meant to Read 
  Coming Soon 
  Gift Books 
  Gifts For... 
  Between the Covers 
  The Booker Library 
  BookTok 
  Books of the Month 
  Game of the Month 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Great Book Deals 
  Careers 
  Book Awards 
  Cultural Highlights 
  Prize Draws 
  Waterstones App 
  Waterstones Blog 
  Waterstones Events 
  Waterstones Podcast 
     Favourite Authors   Agatha Christie 
  Cassandra Clare 
  Colleen Hoover 
  David Nicholls 
  Elly Griffiths 
  Frank Herbert 
  George R.R. Martin 
  Haruki Murakami 
  J.R.R. Tolkien 
  Julia Quinn 
  Kazuo Ishiguro 
  Lee Child 
  Leigh Bardugo 
  Rebecca Yarros 
  Richard Osman 
  Sarah J Maas 
  Stephen King 
  Taylor Jenkins Reid 
  Terry Pratchett 
    Favourite Series   Bridgerton 
  Discworld 
  Doctor Who 
  Dune 
  A Game of Thrones 
  Hunger Games 
  Star Wars 
     Favourite Children's & YA Authors   Alice Oseman 
  A.F. Steadman 
  Beatrix Potter 
  David Walliams 
  Dr Seuss 
  Frank Cottrell Boyce 
  Holly Jackson 
  Jacqueline Wilson 
  Jeff Kinney 
  Jennifer Lynn Barnes 
  J.K. Rowling 
  Joseph Coelho 
  Julia Donaldson 
  Karen McManus 
  Katherine Rundell 
  Lauren Roberts 
  Malorie Blackman 
  Marcus Rashford 
  M.G. Leonard 
  Philip Pullman 
  Roald Dahl 
  Suzanne Collins 
  Tom Fletcher 
     Favourite Children's Characters, Friends & Series    Asterix & Obelix 
  Bluey 
  Bunny vs Monkey 
  Dog Man 
  The Gruffalo 
  Guess How Much I Love You 
  Harry Potter 
  Heartstopper 
  Horrible Histories 
  Jellycat 
  Little People Big Dreams 
  Mog the Cat 
  The Moomins 
  Paddington 
  Peppa Pig 
  Peter Rabbit 
  Skandar 
  Supertato 
  That's Not My... 
  Thomas the Tank Engine 
  Tintin 
  Tom Gates 
  The Very Hungry Caterpillar 
  We're Going on a Bear Hunt 
  Wimpy Kid 
  Winnie the Pooh 
  All Games    Board Games 
  Card Games 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Games Flagships 
  Game of the Month 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
     Top Categories   Family Games 
  Logic & Deduction Games 
  Party Games 
  Strategy Games 
  Traditional Games 
  Travel Games 
  Word Games 
  Accessories & Dice 
  Dungeons & Dragons 
     More Games Categories   Abstract Games 
  Bluffing Games 
  Cooperative Games 
  Film & TV Games 
  Single Player Games 
  Thematic Games 
  Two Player Games 
  Christmas   Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Cards 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
    Gifts    Accessories 
  Cloth Bags 
  Gadgets & Technology 
  Home & Lifestyle 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
  Literary Gifts 
  Manga Gifts 
  Novelty Gifts 
  Toys & Games 
     Children's    Children's Arts & Crafts 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Jigsaw Puzzles 
  Children's Stationery 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat 
  Legami 
  LEGO® 
  Soft Toys 
  Toys 
     Stationery    Cards, Postcards & Notecards 
  Gift Wrap 
  Notebooks & Journals 
  Stationery Essentials 
  Calendars & Diaries 
    Book Accessories    Book Lights and Lamps 
  Bookmarks 
  Reading Glasses & Magnifiers 
     Arts & Crafts    Brushes 
  Canvas 
  Crafting 
  Paint 
  Paper 
  Pens, Pencils & Pastels 
    
 Books 
  Christmas 
  Children's 
  Games 
  Our Favourites 
  New Books 
  Great Book Deals 
  Coming Soon 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Gift Cards 
  Gift Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Blog 
  Events 
  Podcast 
  Prize Draws 
  BACK 
  Fiction Bestsellers 
  Anthologies and Short Stories 
  Classics 
  Fiction in Translation 
  Historical Fiction 
  Modern & Contemporary 
  Myths & Legends 
  Novellas 
  Poetry, Drama & Literary Criticism 
  Romance 
  BACK 
  Bestsellers 
  Coming Soon 
  New Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Paperback Offers 
  Fiction 
  Non-Fiction 
  Children's 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Manga 
  Waterstones Debut Fiction Prize 
  Book Awards 
  Books of the Month 
  Cultural Highlights 
  BACK 
  Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  Christmas Cards 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
  BACK 
  Crime Bestsellers 
  Agatha Christie 
  Classic Crime 
  Cosy Crime 
  historical Crime 
  Thrillers 
  True Crime 
  BACK 
  Dungeons & Dragons 
  Abstract 
  Accessories & Dice 
  Bluffing Games 
  Board Games 
  Card Games 
  Cooperative Games 
  Family Games 
  Film & TV Games 
  Logic & Deduction 
  Party Games 
  Quiz & Trivia Games 
  Single Player Games 
  Strategy Games 
  Thematic Games 
  Traditional Games 
  Travel Games 
  Two Player Games 
  Word Games 
  BACK 
  Christmas Entertainment 
  Christmas Shop 
  Festive Favourites 
  Christmas Essentials 
  Children's Christmas 
  BACK 
  Writers Recommend: Winter Reads 
  Stocking Fillers 
  Gifts For ... 
  Gift Books 
  Little But Lovely 
  2024's Most Wanted 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Cards 
  Best Books of 2024 Blogs 
  BACK 
  Sci-fi & fantasy bestsellers 
  Science Fiction 
  fantasy 
  Fantasy Romance 
  Graphic Novels 
  Horror 
  Manga 
  game of thrones 
  Doctor Who 
  Good Omens 
  Star Wars 
  BACK 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Children's Bestsellers 
  Baby & Toddler 
  Picture Books 
  Ages 5-8 
  Ages 9-12 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Children's Paperbacks Offers 
  Children's Favourite Authors 
  Characters, Friends & Series 
  Popular Authors 
  Popular Categories 
  Toys, Games & Stationery 
  Education & Study Guides 
  BACK 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
  Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Cards 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  Festive Reads 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  BACK 
  Children's Stationery & Gifts 
  Stocking Fillers 
  First Christmas 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  Children's Gifts For ... 
  Annuals 
  Harry Potter 
  Jellycat 
  Favourite Characters 
  Favourite Authors 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  BACK 
  All Games 
  Browse Categories 
  Board Games 
  Card Games 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Games Flagships 
  Game of the Month 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
  BACK 
  Toys & Games 
  Gifts 
  Accessories 
  Cloth Bags 
  Gadgets & Technology 
  Home & Lifestyle 
  Literary Gifts 
  Manga Gifts 
  Novelty Gifts 
  BACK 
  Book Lights 
  Bookmarks 
  Reading Glasses & Magnifiers 
  BACK 
  Bestsellers 
  Christmas 
  The Books You've Always Meant to Read 
  Coming Soon 
  New Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Gift Cards 
  Gifts For... 
  Great Book Deals 
  Between the Covers 
  The Booker Library 
  BookTok 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Books of the Month 
  Game of the Month 
  Manga 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books 
  Book Awards 
  Cultural Highlights 
  Prize Draws 
  Waterstones App 
  Waterstones Blog 
  Waterstones Bookshops 
  Waterstones Events 
  Waterstones Podcast 
  BACK 
  Children's Arts & Crafts 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Stationery 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat 
  Legami 
  LEGO® 
  Soft Toys 
  BACK 
  Stationery Bestsellers 
  Calendars & Diaries 
  Cards, Postcards & Notecards 
  Gift Wrap 
  Notebooks & Journals 
  Stationery Essentials 
  Pens & Pencils 
  BACK 
  Fiction 
  Crime 
  Sci-fi & fantasy 
  Graphic Novels 
  Manga 
  Clothbound Classics 
  Modern & Contemporary Fiction 
  BACK 
  Bluey 
  Elmer 
  Dog Man 
  the gruffalo 
  Guess How Much I Love You 
  harry potter 
  Heartstopper 
  Horrible histories 
  Little People, Big Dreams 
  Mog the Cat 
  Moomins 
  Paddington 
  Peppa Pig 
  Peter Rabbit 
  Pip & Posy 
  Tom Gates 
  That's Not My... 
  The Very Hungry Caterpillar 
  We're Going on a Bear Hunt 
  Wimpy Kid 
  Winnie the Pooh 
  BACK 
  Bluey 
  Bunny vs Monkey 
  Dog Man 
  Elmer 
  The Gruffalo 
  Guess How Much I Love You 
  Harry Potter 
  Heartstopper 
  Horrible Histories 
  Jellycat 
  Little People, Big Dreams 
  Mog the Cat 
  The Moomins 
  Paddington 
  Peppa Pig 
  Peter Rabbit 
  Pip & Posy 
  Skandar 
  Supertato 
  That's Not My... 
  Thomas the Tank Engine 
  Tom Gates 
  The Very Hungry Caterpillar 
  We're Going on a Bear Hunt 
  Wimpy Kid 
  Winnie the Pooh 
  BACK 
  Christmas 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Children's Stationery & Gifts 
  Gifts 
  Book Accessories 
  Children's 
  Stationery 
  Calendars & Diaries 
  Arts & Crafts 
  BACK 
  Browse All Arts & Crafts 
  Brushes 
  Canvas 
  Craft 
  Paint 
  Paper 
  Pens, Pencils & Pastels 
  BACK 
  Non-Fiction Bestsellers 
  Art, Fashion & Photography 
  Astronomy & Space 
  Biography & True Stories 
  Business, Finance & Law 
  Computing & Internet 
  Education & Study Guides 
  entertainment 
  environment 
  Film & TV 
  food & drink 
  health & lifestyle 
  History 
  Hobbies, quizzes & games 
  home & garden 
  Humour 
  Language & reference 
  Mind, body & spirit 
  Music 
  Nature Writing 
  Outdoor Pursuits 
  Parenting 
  Pets 
  Philosophy 
  Politics 
  Popular Science 
  Science, technology & medicine 
  Self-Help 
  spirituality & beliefs 
  Sports 
  Transport 
  Travel & Maps 
  True Crime 
  BACK 
  Alice Oseman 
  Beatrix Potter 
  Cassandra Clare 
  David Walliams 
  Holly Jackson 
  Jacqueline Wilson 
  Jeff Kinney 
  J.K. Rowling 
  Julia Donaldson 
  Liz Pichon 
  Karen McManus 
  Malorie Blackman 
  Philip Pullman 
  Roald Dahl 
  BACK 
  Suzanne Collins 
  Tom Fletcher 
  A.F. Steadman 
  Alice Oseman 
  Beatrix Potter 
  David Walliams 
  Dr Seuss 
  Frank Cottrell Boyce 
  Holly Jackson 
  Jacqueline Wilson 
  Jeff Kinney 
  J. K. Rowling 
  Joseph Coelho 
  Julia Donaldson 
  Karen McManus 
  Katherine Rundell 
  Lauren Roberts 
  Liz Pichon 
  Malorie Blackman 
  Marcus Rashford 
  M.G. Leonard 
  Philip Pullman 
  Roald Dahl 
  BACK 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Children's Bestsellers 
  Baby & Toddler 
  Picture Books 
  Ages 5-8 
  Ages 9-12 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Characters, Friends & Series 
  Popular Authors 
  Popular Categories 
  Toys, Games & Stationery 
  Education & Study Guides 
  BACK 
  Children's Fiction 
  Annuals 2025 
  Dyslexic & Reluctant Readers 
  early learning 
  Education & Study Guides 
  Hobbies & Interests 
  Gift Books 
  Poetry & Anthologies 
  Reference 
  Waterstones Children's Book Prize 
  Activity Books 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  BACK 
  Annuals 2025 
  Gift Books 
  Books for Reluctant Readers 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Children's Fiction 
  Early Learning 
  Education & Study Guides 
  Hobbies & Interests 
  Activity Books 
  LGBTQ+ Young Adult 
  Poetry & Anthologies 
  Reference 
  Waterstones Children's Book Prize 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  School Holidays 
  BACK 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Jigsaws 
  Children's Stationery 
  Colouring & Painting 
  Crafts & Hobbies 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat 
  LEGO ® 
  Soft Toys 
  Toys 
  BACK 
  Children's Stationery & Gifts 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat Toys 
  LEGO® 
  Soft Toys 
  Toys 
  Children's Arts & Crafts 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Jigsaws 
  Children's Stationery 

 0  Basket   
  Spend £25.00   to qualify for free UK delivery.   
 Your order qualifies for free UK delivery.   

  Join  plus   before checkout to earn stamps on your order and be eligible for plus  rewards.   
 Unavailable | Update 

 0 items | £0.00 
  
 Checkout    
   
 Your basket is empty.  

 Books 

 Shops 
  Help 
  Careers 
  Account Sales 
    
 Free UK delivery on orders over £25    
   
  Close   

   Free  UK Standard Delivery   On all orders over £25, otherwise £2.99   Order in time for Christmas   18 th  December by 2pm 2nd  Class  |  
  20 th  December by 2pm 1st  Class    Free  Click & Collect   From 2 hours after you order*     

 Our Paperbacks of the Year  
 As the nights draw in and the cosy glow of autumn comforts, it’s definitely time to curl up with our favourite paperbacks of the year. Discover the most talked- about bestsellers, award-winning masterpieces, unputdownable thrillers and compelling non-fiction selected from across 2024.  
   
 Best Fiction Paperbacks  
   
    Added to basket    

 Yellowface    
 R.F. Kuang      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 What You Are Looking for is in the Library    
 Michiko Aoyama      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Bee Sting    
 Paul Murray      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Figurine    
 Victoria Hislop      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 Kala    
 Colin Walsh      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Welcome to the Hyunam-dong Bookshop    
 Hwang Bo-reum      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Moscow X    
 David McCloskey      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Seventh Son    
 Sebastian Faulks      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Tom Lake    
 Ann Patchett      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Heaven & Earth Grocery Store    
 James McBride      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 Prophet Song    
 Paul Lynch      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Good Material    
 Dolly Alderton      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 Someone Else’s Shoes    
 Jojo Moyes      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 North Woods    
 Daniel Mason      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Burnout    
 Sophie Kinsella      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Ghost Ship    
 Kate Mosse      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Fraud    
 Zadie Smith      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Hello Beautiful    
 Ann Napolitano      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

 Iron Flame - The Empyrean (Paperback)    
 Rebecca Yarros    
 £10.99  £8.99     
   
 Paperback   
 10+ in stock    
 Usually dispatched within 1-2 days   
 The fallout from Violet's jaw-dropping discoveries in Fourth Wing  takes spectacular flight in this completely unputdownable second instalment of Yarros' TikTok-dominating fantasy series.  

     Add to basket  Click &  Collect    

 This item has been added to your basket 
  View basket  Checkout    

 Best Crime & Thriller Paperbacks  
   
    Added to basket    

 The Wrong Sister    
 Claire Douglas      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 Murder on Lake Garda    
 Tom Hindle      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 How To Solve Your Own Murder    
 Kristen Perrin      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Last Devil To Die    
 Richard Osman      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 Close to Death    
 Anthony Horowitz      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Housemaid Is Watching    
 Freida McFadden      
 Paperback  £8.99  £7.49    

    Added to basket    

 Homecoming    
 Kate Morton      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Secret    
 Lee Child      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 None of This is True    
 Lisa Jewell      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Fury    
 Alex Michaelides      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Running Grave    
 Robert Galbraith      
 Paperback  £10.99  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Secret Hours    
 Mick Herron      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Trial    
 Rob Rinder      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Housekeepers    
 Alex Hay      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Year of the Locust    
 Terry Hayes      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Raging Storm    
 Ann Cleeves      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Strange Sally Diamond    
 Liz Nugent      
 Paperback  £8.99  £7.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Cloisters    
 Katy Hays      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

 Murder at Holly House (Paperback)    
 Denzil Meyrick    
 £9.99  £7.99     
   
 Paperback   
 10+ in stock    
 Usually dispatched within 1-2 days   
 Cosy and noirish in equal measure, Murder at Holly House  is an ingeniously plotted festive murder mystery set on the 1950s Yorkshire Moors from the bestselling author of the D.C.I. Daley series.  

     Add to basket  Click &  Collect    

 This item has been added to your basket 
  View basket  Checkout    

 Best Science-Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Paperbacks  
   
    Added to basket    

 A Court of Thorns and Roses    
 Sarah J. Maas      
 Paperback  £8.99  £6.99    

    Added to basket    

 DallerGut Dream Department Store    
 Miye Lee      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Fourth Wing    
 Rebecca Yarros      
 Paperback  £10.99  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Serpent and the Wings of Night    
 Carissa Broadbent      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Starling House    
 Alix E. Harrow      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 A Curse For True Love    
 Stephanie Garber      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Ink Blood Sister Scribe    
 Emma Torzs      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Faebound    
 Saara El-Arifi      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Godkiller    
 Hannah Kaner      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 In Ascension    
 Martin MacInnes      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Emily Wilde's Map of the Otherlands    
 Heather Fawcett      
 Paperback  £9.99  £7.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Ferryman    
 Justin Cronin      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 A Day of Fallen Night    
 Samantha Shannon      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 The Adventures of Amina al-Sirafi    
 S. A. Chakraborty      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Chain-Gang All-Stars    
 Nana Kwame Adjei-Brenyah      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

 Return to the DallerGut Dream Department Store (Paperback)    
 Miye Lee  , Sandy Joosun Lee    
 £14.99  £12.99     
   
 Paperback   
 10+ in stock    
 Usually dispatched within 1-2 days   
 The beguiling sequel to DallerGut Dream Department Store  finds Penny embracing the wider remit of the dream industry, such as the Civil Complaint Center and how to lure back unsatisfied regulars.  

     Add to basket  Click &  Collect    

 This item has been added to your basket 
  View basket  Checkout    

 Best Non-Fiction Paperbacks  
   
    Added to basket    

 Unruly    
 David Mitchell      
 Paperback  £10.99  £9.49    

    Added to basket    

 Politics On the Edge    
 Rory Stewart      
 Paperback  £10.99  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 Shakespeare    
 Judi Dench      
 Paperback  £10.99  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 Abroad in Japan    
 Chris Broad      
 Paperback  £10.99  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 The Wager    
 David Grann      
 Paperback  £10.99  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 Just One Thing    
 Michael Mosley      
 Paperback  £9.99  £8.49    

    Added to basket    

 Ultra-Processed People    
 Chris van Tulleken      
 Paperback  £10.99  £9.49    

    Added to basket    

 How to Read a Tree    
 Tristan Gooley      
 Paperback  £10.99  £9.49    

    Added to basket    

 How They Broke Britain    
 James O'Brien      
 Paperback  £10.99  £9.49    

    Added to basket    

 Emperor of Rome    
 Mary Beard      
 Paperback  £11.99  £9.99    

    Added to basket    

 Great-Uncle Harry    
 Michael Palin      
 Paperback  £10.99  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 Material World    
 Ed Conway      
 Paperback  £10.99  £9.49    

    Added to basket    

 Killing Thatcher    
 Rory Carroll      
 Paperback  £10.99  £9.49    

    Added to basket    

 Normal Women    
 Philippa Gregory      
 Paperback  £10.99  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 How Westminster Works . . . and Why It Doesn't    
 Ian Dunt      
 Paperback  £10.99  £9.49    

    Added to basket    

 Friends, Lovers and the Big Terrible Thing    
 Matthew Perry      
 Paperback  £10.99  £8.99    

    Added to basket    

 Hitler, Stalin, Mum and Dad    
 Daniel Finkelstein      
 Paperback  £10.99  £9.49    

    Added to basket    

 Doppelganger    
 Naomi Klein      
 Paperback  £10.99  £9.49    

 The Seven Wonders of the Ancient World (Paperback)    
 Bettany Hughes    
 £12.99  £10.99     
   
 Paperback   
 10+ in stock    
 Usually dispatched within 1-2 days   
 From the Great Pyramid at Giza to the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, acclaimed historian and author of Istanbul Bettany Hughes charts the construction, fame and legacy of these marvels of the Ancient World in page-turning prose.  

     Add to basket  Click &  Collect    

 This item has been added to your basket 
  View basket  Checkout    

 Sort by:  
 Bestselling  Price (low to high)  Price (high to low)  Average review rating  Publication Date (old to new)  Publication Date (new to old)     

 Page  Prev    of 16  Next    

 Paperback Offers  

 Sort by:  
 Bestselling  Price (low to high)  Price (high to low)  Average review rating  Publication Date (old to new)  Publication Date (new to old)     
 Choose filters:  
 Category   
 Art, Fashion & Photography 
  Biography & True Stories 
  Business, Finance & Law 
  Children's & Teenage 
  Computing & Internet 
  Crime, Thrillers & Mystery 
  Entertainment 
  Fiction 
  Food & Drink 
  Health & Lifestyle 
  History 
  Hobbies, Quiz Books & Games 
  Home & Garden 
  Humour 
  Language & Reference 
  Poetry, Drama & Criticism 
  Politics, Society & Education 
  Popular Science & Nature 
  Romantic Fiction 
  Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror 
  Science, Technology & Medicine 
  Spirituality & Beliefs 
  Sports Books 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Transport: General Interest 
  Travel & Maps 

 Price   
 Under £5 
  £5 - £10 
  £10 - £20 
  £20 - £50 
  Over £50 
  Go     

 Interest age   
 Teen / young adult 

 Review ratings   

 Publisher   
 Penguin Books Ltd 
  Daphne Press 
  HarperCollins Publishers 
  Pan Macmillan 
  Little, Brown Book Group 
   Transworld Publishers Ltd 
  Vintage Publishing 
  Bloomsbury Publishing Plc 
  Cornerstone 
  Simon & Schuster Ltd 
  More    

 Author   
 Hilary Mantel 
  Bernard Cornwell 
  David Nicholls 
  Lisa Jewell 
  Colm Toibin 
   Brandon Sanderson 
  Jo Nesbo 
  David Baldacci 
  Charles Cumming 
  Michael Mosley 
  More    

 Language   
 English 

 Geographic region   
 Africa 
  Americas 
  Asia 
  Australasia & Oceania 
  British Isles 
   Europe 
  Other geographic areas 
  More    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Murder at Holly House    
 Denzil Meyrick    In stock online  £9.99  £7.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 The Christmas Tree Farm    
 Laurie Gilmore    In stock online  £9.99  £8.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Yellowface    
 R.F. Kuang    In stock online  £9.99  £8.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 A Court of Thorns and Roses    
 Sarah J. Maas    In stock online  £8.99  £6.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 The Wrong Sister    
 Claire Douglas    In stock online  £9.99  £7.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 The Pumpkin Spice Cafe    
 Laurie Gilmore    In stock online  £9.99  £8.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 The Cinnamon Bun Book Store    
 Laurie Gilmore    In stock online  £9.99  £8.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Unruly    
 David Mitchell    In stock online  £10.99  £9.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 What You Are Looking for is in the Library    
 Michiko Aoyama    In stock online  £9.99  £7.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Murder on Lake Garda    
 Tom Hindle    In stock online  £9.99  £7.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Politics On the Edge    
 Rory Stewart    In stock online  £10.99  £8.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Iron Flame    
 Rebecca Yarros    In stock online  £10.99  £8.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 How To Solve Your Own Murder    
 Kristen Perrin    In stock online  £9.99  £7.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 The Last Devil To Die    
 Richard Osman    In stock online  £9.99  £7.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 DallerGut Dream Department Store    
 Miye Lee    In stock online  £9.99  £8.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 The Seven Wonders of the Ancient World    
 Bettany Hughes    In stock online  £12.99  £10.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Small Things Like These    
 Claire Keegan    In stock online  £9.99  £8.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Fourth Wing    
 Rebecca Yarros    In stock online  £10.99  £8.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 The Housemaid    
 Freida McFadden    In stock online  £9.99  £7.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 The Bee Sting    
 Paul Murray    In stock online  £9.99  £8.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 The Figurine    
 Victoria Hislop    In stock online  £9.99  £7.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Kala    
 Colin Walsh    In stock online  £9.99  £8.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Close to Death    
 Anthony Horowitz    In stock online  £9.99  £7.99  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

    Added to basket    

     Add to Basket  Click &  Collect    
 View basket  Checkout    
    
   Go    

 Welcome to the Hyunam-dong Bookshop    
 Hwang Bo-reum    In stock online  £9.99  £8.49  Paperback    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

 show more    

 Shopping with us  
 Contact Us 
  Bookshops 
  Click & Collect 
  Delivery Options 
  Online Pricing 
  Returning Items 
  Student Discount 
  Waterstones Gift Cards 
    
 Legal  
 Accessibility 
  Cookie Policy 
  Manage Cookies 
  Modern Slavery Statement 
  Privacy Notice - How We Use Your Information 
  Terms & Conditions 
  Gender Pay Gap Report 
  Complaints Process 
    
 About Waterstones  
 About us 
  Affiliates 
  Careers at Waterstones 
  Hatchards 
  Independent Publishers 
  Waterstones Account Sales 
  Waterstones App 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  Waterstones Plus 
    
 Follow us  
 X 
  Facebook 
  Instagram 
  TikTok 
  YouTube 
    
 Contact us    
 Help    
 Waterstones App    
 Privacy Policy - How We Use Your Information    
 Complaints Process    
 Cookie Policy    
 Gender Pay Gap Report    
 Manage Cookies    
 Modern Slavery Statement    
 Student Discount    
 Waterstones Account Sales    
 © Waterstones, 2024. Waterstones Booksellers Limited. Registered in England and Wales. Company number 00610095. Registered office address: 203-206 Piccadilly, London, W1J 9HD.    
  
  ×  Sign In / Register  
  
 Not registered? CREATE AN ACCOUNT  CREATE A plus  ACCOUNT         

   Remember me   ?   
   
 Reset password    
   
 Sign in    
    
 Forgotten password  Create a new password   
 Please enter your email address below and we'll send you a link to reset your password.  
   
 To keep your account safe, please enter your email address below so that we can send you a secure link to update your password  
   
 Submit    
    
 Submit    
   
  Back to login    

 ×  Sign In  
  
   Not you?    

  Reset password    
 Sign in    

 Forgotten password  Create a new password   
  Please enter your email address below and we'll send you a link to reset your password.  
   
 To keep your account safe, please enter your email address below so that we can send you a secure link to update your password  
   
 Submit    
    
 Submit    
   
 If you have changed your email address then contact us  and we will update your details.  
   
  Back to login    

 ×  Download the Waterstones App  
  
 Would you like to proceed to the App store  to download the Waterstones App?  
 Download Now  Dismiss   

  ×  Click & Collect  
  
 Reserve online, pay on collection. Reservations are held for 5 days.   

 Thank you for your reservation   
 Your order is now being processed and we have sent a confirmation email to you at    

 This item can be requested from the shops shown below.   
   
     Go    

      First name *      
   
 Last name *      
   
 Email address *      

 Please provide me with your latest book news, views and details of Waterstones’ special offers.      
 Place Order     
   
 When will my order be ready to collect?   
 Following the initial email, you will be contacted by the shop to confirm that your item is available for collection.   
 Call us on  or send us an email at    
 OK    
   
 Unfortunately there has been a problem with your order   
   
 Please try again or alternatively you can contact your chosen shop on  or send us an email at    

  Important dates data: 
     
   
 Account | Sign In  Register 
  Join | Join plus  today to earn stamps and receive other rewards as you spend in our shops, cafes, and online* 
  Wish list 
    
  Shop Finder 
  Help 
  Events 
  Blog 
  Gift Cards 
  Win 

 Waterstones    
   
  Menu   
  New 
  Christmas 
  Special Editions 
  Books 
  Our Favourites 
  Games 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Festive Favourites   Christmas Shop 
  Stocking Fillers 
  Gifts For ... 
  Gift Books 
  Little But Lovely 
  Great Book Deals 
  2024's Most Wanted 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Bestsellers 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Cards 
  The Best Books of 2024 Blogs 
  Writers Recommend: Winter Reads 
  Christmas Entertainment 
    Christmas Essentials   Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Cards 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  Festive Reads 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
     Top Categories   Fiction 
  Non-Fiction 
  Children's 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Crime 
  Science Fiction & Fantasy 
  Romantasy 
  Manga 
  Clothbound Classics 
  Biography 
  Food & Drink 
  Humour 
  Puzzles & Quizes 
  Sport 
     Children's Christmas    Children's Stationery and Gifts 
  Stocking Fillers 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  First Christmas 
  Children's Gifts For ... 
  Annuals 
  Games & Puzzles 
  Toys 
  Jellycat 
  Soft Toys 
  Harry Potter 
  Favourite Characters 
  Favourite Authors 
  Reference 
  LEGO® 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Legami 
     Stationery & Gifts    Gifts 
  Games 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
  Calendars & Diaries 
  Arts & Crafts 
  Top Categories   Bestsellers 
  Coming Soon 
  New Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Great Book Deals 
  Paperback Offers 
  Book Awards 
  Books of the Month 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books 
    Fiction    Waterstones Debut Fiction Prize 
  Anthologies & Short Stories 
  Classics 
  Clothbound Classics 
  Fiction in Translation 
  Historical Fiction 
  Modern & Contemporary 
  Myths & Legends 
  Novellas 
  Poetry, Drama & Literary Criticism 
  Romance 
  LGBTQ+ Fiction 
     Crime    Classic Crime 
  Cosy Crime 
  Historical Crime 
  Thrillers 
  True Crime 
    Graphic Novels & Manga    Graphic Novels 
  Manga 
    Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror    Fantasy 
  Fantasy Romance 
  Horror 
  Science Fiction 
     Non-Fiction Books    Art, Fashion & Photography 
  Astronomy & Space 
  Biography & True Stories 
  Business, Finance & Law 
  Computing & Internet 
  Entertainment 
  Environment 
  Film & TV 
  Food & Drink 
  Health & Lifestyle 
  History 
  Hobbies, Quizzes & Games 
  Home & Garden 
  Humour 
  Language & Reference 
  Mindfulness 
  Music 
  Nature Writing 
  Outdoor Pursuits 
  Parenting 
  Pets 
  Philosophy 
  Politics 
  Popular Science 
  Science, Technology & Medicine 
  Self-Help 
  Spirituality & Beliefs 
  Sport 
  Transport 
  Travel 
     Children's    Baby, Toddler & Pre-School 
  Picture Books 
  Favourite Characters & Authors 
  Ages 5-8 
  Ages 9-12 
  Teenage and Young Adult 
  Children's Paperback Offers 
    Popular Children's Categories   Children's Favourite Authors 
  Annuals 2025 
  Gift Books 
  LGBTQ+ Young Adult 
  Activity Books 
  Children's Fiction 
  Early Learning 
  Education & Study Guides 
  Hobbies & Interests 
  Poetry & Anthologies 
  Reference 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Books for Reluctant Readers 
  School Holidays 
  Our Favourite Pages   Bestsellers 
  Christmas 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  The Books You've Always Meant to Read 
  Coming Soon 
  Gift Books 
  Gifts For... 
  Between the Covers 
  The Booker Library 
  BookTok 
  Books of the Month 
  Game of the Month 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Great Book Deals 
  Careers 
  Book Awards 
  Cultural Highlights 
  Prize Draws 
  Waterstones App 
  Waterstones Blog 
  Waterstones Events 
  Waterstones Podcast 
     Favourite Authors   Agatha Christie 
  Cassandra Clare 
  Colleen Hoover 
  David Nicholls 
  Elly Griffiths 
  Frank Herbert 
  George R.R. Martin 
  Haruki Murakami 
  J.R.R. Tolkien 
  Julia Quinn 
  Kazuo Ishiguro 
  Lee Child 
  Leigh Bardugo 
  Rebecca Yarros 
  Richard Osman 
  Sarah J Maas 
  Stephen King 
  Taylor Jenkins Reid 
  Terry Pratchett 
    Favourite Series   Bridgerton 
  Discworld 
  Doctor Who 
  Dune 
  A Game of Thrones 
  Hunger Games 
  Star Wars 
     Favourite Children's & YA Authors   Alice Oseman 
  A.F. Steadman 
  Beatrix Potter 
  David Walliams 
  Dr Seuss 
  Frank Cottrell Boyce 
  Holly Jackson 
  Jacqueline Wilson 
  Jeff Kinney 
  Jennifer Lynn Barnes 
  J.K. Rowling 
  Joseph Coelho 
  Julia Donaldson 
  Karen McManus 
  Katherine Rundell 
  Lauren Roberts 
  Malorie Blackman 
  Marcus Rashford 
  M.G. Leonard 
  Philip Pullman 
  Roald Dahl 
  Suzanne Collins 
  Tom Fletcher 
     Favourite Children's Characters, Friends & Series    Asterix & Obelix 
  Bluey 
  Bunny vs Monkey 
  Dog Man 
  The Gruffalo 
  Guess How Much I Love You 
  Harry Potter 
  Heartstopper 
  Horrible Histories 
  Jellycat 
  Little People Big Dreams 
  Mog the Cat 
  The Moomins 
  Paddington 
  Peppa Pig 
  Peter Rabbit 
  Skandar 
  Supertato 
  That's Not My... 
  Thomas the Tank Engine 
  Tintin 
  Tom Gates 
  The Very Hungry Caterpillar 
  We're Going on a Bear Hunt 
  Wimpy Kid 
  Winnie the Pooh 
  All Games    Board Games 
  Card Games 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Games Flagships 
  Game of the Month 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
     Top Categories   Family Games 
  Logic & Deduction Games 
  Party Games 
  Strategy Games 
  Traditional Games 
  Travel Games 
  Word Games 
  Accessories & Dice 
  Dungeons & Dragons 
     More Games Categories   Abstract Games 
  Bluffing Games 
  Cooperative Games 
  Film & TV Games 
  Single Player Games 
  Thematic Games 
  Two Player Games 
  Christmas   Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Cards 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
    Gifts    Accessories 
  Cloth Bags 
  Gadgets & Technology 
  Home & Lifestyle 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
  Literary Gifts 
  Manga Gifts 
  Novelty Gifts 
  Toys & Games 
     Children's    Children's Arts & Crafts 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Jigsaw Puzzles 
  Children's Stationery 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat 
  Legami 
  LEGO® 
  Soft Toys 
  Toys 
     Stationery    Cards, Postcards & Notecards 
  Gift Wrap 
  Notebooks & Journals 
  Stationery Essentials 
  Calendars & Diaries 
    Book Accessories    Book Lights and Lamps 
  Bookmarks 
  Reading Glasses & Magnifiers 
     Arts & Crafts    Brushes 
  Canvas 
  Crafting 
  Paint 
  Paper 
  Pens, Pencils & Pastels 
    
 Books 
  Christmas 
  Children's 
  Games 
  Our Favourites 
  New Books 
  Great Book Deals 
  Coming Soon 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Gift Cards 
  Gift Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Blog 
  Events 
  Podcast 
  Prize Draws 
  BACK 
  Fiction Bestsellers 
  Anthologies and Short Stories 
  Classics 
  Fiction in Translation 
  Historical Fiction 
  Modern & Contemporary 
  Myths & Legends 
  Novellas 
  Poetry, Drama & Literary Criticism 
  Romance 
  BACK 
  Bestsellers 
  Coming Soon 
  New Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Paperback Offers 
  Fiction 
  Non-Fiction 
  Children's 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Manga 
  Waterstones Debut Fiction Prize 
  Book Awards 
  Books of the Month 
  Cultural Highlights 
  BACK 
  Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  Christmas Cards 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
  BACK 
  Crime Bestsellers 
  Agatha Christie 
  Classic Crime 
  Cosy Crime 
  historical Crime 
  Thrillers 
  True Crime 
  BACK 
  Dungeons & Dragons 
  Abstract 
  Accessories & Dice 
  Bluffing Games 
  Board Games 
  Card Games 
  Cooperative Games 
  Family Games 
  Film & TV Games 
  Logic & Deduction 
  Party Games 
  Quiz & Trivia Games 
  Single Player Games 
  Strategy Games 
  Thematic Games 
  Traditional Games 
  Travel Games 
  Two Player Games 
  Word Games 
  BACK 
  Christmas Entertainment 
  Christmas Shop 
  Festive Favourites 
  Christmas Essentials 
  Children's Christmas 
  BACK 
  Writers Recommend: Winter Reads 
  Stocking Fillers 
  Gifts For ... 
  Gift Books 
  Little But Lovely 
  2024's Most Wanted 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Cards 
  Best Books of 2024 Blogs 
  BACK 
  Sci-fi & fantasy bestsellers 
  Science Fiction 
  fantasy 
  Fantasy Romance 
  Graphic Novels 
  Horror 
  Manga 
  game of thrones 
  Doctor Who 
  Good Omens 
  Star Wars 
  BACK 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Children's Bestsellers 
  Baby & Toddler 
  Picture Books 
  Ages 5-8 
  Ages 9-12 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Children's Paperbacks Offers 
  Children's Favourite Authors 
  Characters, Friends & Series 
  Popular Authors 
  Popular Categories 
  Toys, Games & Stationery 
  Education & Study Guides 
  BACK 
  Calendars 
  Full Year Diaries 
  Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Cards 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  Festive Reads 
  Christmas Gift Wrap 
  BACK 
  Children's Stationery & Gifts 
  Stocking Fillers 
  First Christmas 
  Christmas Eve Boxes 
  Children's Gifts For ... 
  Annuals 
  Harry Potter 
  Jellycat 
  Favourite Characters 
  Favourite Authors 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  BACK 
  All Games 
  Browse Categories 
  Board Games 
  Card Games 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Games Flagships 
  Game of the Month 
  Jigsaw Puzzles 
  BACK 
  Toys & Games 
  Gifts 
  Accessories 
  Cloth Bags 
  Gadgets & Technology 
  Home & Lifestyle 
  Literary Gifts 
  Manga Gifts 
  Novelty Gifts 
  BACK 
  Book Lights 
  Bookmarks 
  Reading Glasses & Magnifiers 
  BACK 
  Bestsellers 
  Christmas 
  The Books You've Always Meant to Read 
  Coming Soon 
  New Books 
  Signed & Special Editions 
  Waterstones Book of the Year 
  Gift Books 
  Gift Cards 
  Gifts For... 
  Great Book Deals 
  Between the Covers 
  The Booker Library 
  BookTok 
  Paperbacks of the Year 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Books of the Month 
  Game of the Month 
  Manga 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books 
  Book Awards 
  Cultural Highlights 
  Prize Draws 
  Waterstones App 
  Waterstones Blog 
  Waterstones Bookshops 
  Waterstones Events 
  Waterstones Podcast 
  BACK 
  Children's Arts & Crafts 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Stationery 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat 
  Legami 
  LEGO® 
  Soft Toys 
  BACK 
  Stationery Bestsellers 
  Calendars & Diaries 
  Cards, Postcards & Notecards 
  Gift Wrap 
  Notebooks & Journals 
  Stationery Essentials 
  Pens & Pencils 
  BACK 
  Fiction 
  Crime 
  Sci-fi & fantasy 
  Graphic Novels 
  Manga 
  Clothbound Classics 
  Modern & Contemporary Fiction 
  BACK 
  Bluey 
  Elmer 
  Dog Man 
  the gruffalo 
  Guess How Much I Love You 
  harry potter 
  Heartstopper 
  Horrible histories 
  Little People, Big Dreams 
  Mog the Cat 
  Moomins 
  Paddington 
  Peppa Pig 
  Peter Rabbit 
  Pip & Posy 
  Tom Gates 
  That's Not My... 
  The Very Hungry Caterpillar 
  We're Going on a Bear Hunt 
  Wimpy Kid 
  Winnie the Pooh 
  BACK 
  Bluey 
  Bunny vs Monkey 
  Dog Man 
  Elmer 
  The Gruffalo 
  Guess How Much I Love You 
  Harry Potter 
  Heartstopper 
  Horrible Histories 
  Jellycat 
  Little People, Big Dreams 
  Mog the Cat 
  The Moomins 
  Paddington 
  Peppa Pig 
  Peter Rabbit 
  Pip & Posy 
  Skandar 
  Supertato 
  That's Not My... 
  Thomas the Tank Engine 
  Tom Gates 
  The Very Hungry Caterpillar 
  We're Going on a Bear Hunt 
  Wimpy Kid 
  Winnie the Pooh 
  BACK 
  Christmas 
  Stationery & Gifts 
  Children's Stationery & Gifts 
  Gifts 
  Book Accessories 
  Children's 
  Stationery 
  Calendars & Diaries 
  Arts & Crafts 
  BACK 
  Browse All Arts & Crafts 
  Brushes 
  Canvas 
  Craft 
  Paint 
  Paper 
  Pens, Pencils & Pastels 
  BACK 
  Non-Fiction Bestsellers 
  Art, Fashion & Photography 
  Astronomy & Space 
  Biography & True Stories 
  Business, Finance & Law 
  Computing & Internet 
  Education & Study Guides 
  entertainment 
  environment 
  Film & TV 
  food & drink 
  health & lifestyle 
  History 
  Hobbies, quizzes & games 
  home & garden 
  Humour 
  Language & reference 
  Mind, body & spirit 
  Music 
  Nature Writing 
  Outdoor Pursuits 
  Parenting 
  Pets 
  Philosophy 
  Politics 
  Popular Science 
  Science, technology & medicine 
  Self-Help 
  spirituality & beliefs 
  Sports 
  Transport 
  Travel & Maps 
  True Crime 
  BACK 
  Alice Oseman 
  Beatrix Potter 
  Cassandra Clare 
  David Walliams 
  Holly Jackson 
  Jacqueline Wilson 
  Jeff Kinney 
  J.K. Rowling 
  Julia Donaldson 
  Liz Pichon 
  Karen McManus 
  Malorie Blackman 
  Philip Pullman 
  Roald Dahl 
  BACK 
  Suzanne Collins 
  Tom Fletcher 
  A.F. Steadman 
  Alice Oseman 
  Beatrix Potter 
  David Walliams 
  Dr Seuss 
  Frank Cottrell Boyce 
  Holly Jackson 
  Jacqueline Wilson 
  Jeff Kinney 
  J. K. Rowling 
  Joseph Coelho 
  Julia Donaldson 
  Karen McManus 
  Katherine Rundell 
  Lauren Roberts 
  Liz Pichon 
  Malorie Blackman 
  Marcus Rashford 
  M.G. Leonard 
  Philip Pullman 
  Roald Dahl 
  BACK 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Children's Bestsellers 
  Baby & Toddler 
  Picture Books 
  Ages 5-8 
  Ages 9-12 
  Teenage & Young Adult 
  Children's Paperbacks of the Year 
  Characters, Friends & Series 
  Popular Authors 
  Popular Categories 
  Toys, Games & Stationery 
  Education & Study Guides 
  BACK 
  Children's Fiction 
  Annuals 2025 
  Dyslexic & Reluctant Readers 
  early learning 
  Education & Study Guides 
  Hobbies & Interests 
  Gift Books 
  Poetry & Anthologies 
  Reference 
  Waterstones Children's Book Prize 
  Activity Books 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  BACK 
  Annuals 2025 
  Gift Books 
  Books for Reluctant Readers 
  Dyslexia-friendly Books for Children 
  Children's Fiction 
  Early Learning 
  Education & Study Guides 
  Hobbies & Interests 
  Activity Books 
  LGBTQ+ Young Adult 
  Poetry & Anthologies 
  Reference 
  Waterstones Children's Book Prize 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  School Holidays 
  BACK 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Jigsaws 
  Children's Stationery 
  Colouring & Painting 
  Crafts & Hobbies 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat 
  LEGO ® 
  Soft Toys 
  Toys 
  BACK 
  Children's Stationery & Gifts 
  Educational Toys & Games 
  Jellycat Toys 
  LEGO® 
  Soft Toys 
  Toys 
  Children's Arts & Crafts 
  Children's Games & Puzzles 
  Children's Jigsaws 
  Children's Stationery 

 0  Basket   
  Spend £25.00   to qualify for free UK delivery.   
 Your order qualifies for free UK delivery.   

  Join  plus   before checkout to earn stamps on your order and be eligible for plus  rewards.   
 Unavailable | Update 

 0 items | £0.00 
  
 Checkout    
   
 Your basket is empty.  

 Books 

 Shops 
  Help 
  Careers 
  Account Sales 
    
 Free UK delivery on orders over £25    
   
  Close   

   Free  UK Standard Delivery   On all orders over £25, otherwise £2.99   Order in time for Christmas   18 th  December by 2pm 2nd  Class  |  
  20 th  December by 2pm 1st  Class    Free  Click & Collect   From 2 hours after you order*     

 ​ Help menu  
 About Waterstones   
 About Us 
  Affiliate Programme 
  BookTrust 
  Recycling Electrical Equipment 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 

 Careers   
 Careers at Waterstones 
  Job Applicant Privacy Notice 

 Contact Us   
 Contact Us 
  Event Tickets 

 Publishers & Authors   
 How To Get Published 
  Independent Publishers 

 Shopping With Us   
 Accessibility 
  Account Sales 
  Christmas Last Posting Dates 
  Click & Collect 
  Delivery Options 
  Free UK Delivery 
  Frequently Asked Questions 
  Gift Cards and Vouchers 
  Online Pricing and Payments 
  Ordering With Us 
  Returning Items 
  Secure Shopping 
  Tax on International Deliveries 
  Tips for creating a strong password 
  Update Your Browser 
  Waterstones App 
  Wish Lists 

 Terms & Conditions & Legal   
 Company Information 
  Complaints Process 
  Cookie Policy 
  Gender Pay Gap Report 2023 
  Modern Slavery Statement 
  Online Contributions, Postings and Submissions 
  Privacy Notice - How We Use Your Information 
  Purchase of Goods and Services by Waterstones from Suppliers 
  Supply of Waterstones Products to Customers 
  Waterstones Tax Strategy 

 Waterstones Plus   
 Waterstones Plus Card Terms & Conditions 
  Waterstones Plus FAQ 
  Waterstones Plus Offer 

 ​ Christmas Last Posting Dates  
 Below are our last posting dates for ordering on Waterstones.com for the festive season, but don't forget you can always Click & Collect  or simply walk into a Waterstones bookshop right up until Christmas Eve.  
  
 Please note:   
 *Orders should be placed on the day and before the time stated below.  
 *Applies to items showing as ' in stock  ' at the time of the order.  
 *Our free, two-hour Click & Collect service will be available right up to Christmas Eve.  
 *We are pleased to be able to offer an extended returns period  after Christmas.  

 UK Delivery  
  
 Wednesday 18 December  
 2pm | Second Class (includes free delivery) 
 Friday 20 December  
 2pm | First Class 

 International Delivery  
  
 Friday 6 December | Australia, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Falklands Islands, Finland, Greece, Israel, Italy, Kuwait, Malta, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Turkey and United Arab Emirates (UAE). 
 Tuesday 10 December | Austria, Denmark, Gibraltar, India, Lithuania, Philippines, Qatar, Slovakia and Slovenia 
 Thursday 12 December | Belgium, Canada, China, Croatia, Estonia, Hungary, Iceland, Latvia, Luxembourg, Monaco, South Korea, Thailand and USA 
 Friday 13 December | France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, Netherlands, Switzerland and Taiwan 

 Shopping with us  
 Contact Us 
  Bookshops 
  Click & Collect 
  Delivery Options 
  Online Pricing 
  Returning Items 
  Student Discount 
  Waterstones Gift Cards 
    
 Legal  
 Accessibility 
  Cookie Policy 
  Manage Cookies 
  Modern Slavery Statement 
  Privacy Notice - How We Use Your Information 
  Terms & Conditions 
  Gender Pay Gap Report 
  Complaints Process 
    
 About Waterstones  
 About us 
  Affiliates 
  Careers at Waterstones 
  Hatchards 
  Independent Publishers 
  Waterstones Account Sales 
  Waterstones App 
  Waterstones Children's Laureate 
  Waterstones Plus 
    
 Follow us  
 X 
  Facebook 
  Instagram 
  TikTok 
  YouTube 
    
 Contact us    
 Help    
 Waterstones App    
 Privacy Policy - How We Use Your Information    
 Complaints Process    
 Cookie Policy    
 Gender Pay Gap Report    
 Manage Cookies    
 Modern Slavery Statement    
 Student Discount    
 Waterstones Account Sales    
 © Waterstones, 2024. Waterstones Booksellers Limited. Registered in England and Wales. Company number 00610095. Registered office address: 203-206 Piccadilly, London, W1J 9HD.    
  
  ×  Sign In / Register  
  
 Not registered? CREATE AN ACCOUNT  CREATE A plus  ACCOUNT         

   Remember me   ?   
   
 Reset password    
   
 Sign in    
    
 Forgotten password  Create a new password   
 Please enter your email address below and we'll send you a link to reset your password.  
   
 To keep your account safe, please enter your email address below so that we can send you a secure link to update your password  
   
 Submit    
    
 Submit    
   
  Back to login    

 ×  Sign In  
  
   Not you?    

  Reset password    
 Sign in    

 Forgotten password  Create a new password   
  Please enter your email address below and we'll send you a link to reset your password.  
   
 To keep your account safe, please enter your email address below so that we can send you a secure link to update your password  
   
 Submit    
    
 Submit    
   
 If you have changed your email address then contact us  and we will update your details.  
   
  Back to login    

 ×  Download the Waterstones App  
  
 Would you like to proceed to the App store  to download the Waterstones App?  
 Download Now  Dismiss   

  ×  Click & Collect  
  
 Reserve online, pay on collection. Reservations are held for 5 days.   

 Thank you for your reservation   
 Your order is now being processed and we have sent a confirmation email to you at    

 This item can be requested from the shops shown below.   
   
     Go    

      First name *      
   
 Last name *      
   
 Email address *      

 Please provide me with your latest book news, views and details of Waterstones’ special offers.      
 Place Order     
   
 When will my order be ready to collect?   
 Following the initial email, you will be contacted by the shop to confirm that your item is available for collection.   
 Call us on  or send us an email at    
 OK    
   
 Unfortunately there has been a problem with your order   
   
 Please try again or alternatively you can contact your chosen shop on  or send us an email at

28. Conference SSS_3:
Self-Stabilization  
 Self-Stabilization  is the property of an autonomous process to obtain correct behavior no matter what initial state is given. Thus, self-stabilization automatically corrects following arbitrary transient faults that corrupt the state (so long as the program's code is still intact). Moreover, if correct behavior and program assumptions are such that a process could be instantiated on a number of different network topologies, then self-stabilization implies that the system topology and state can be asynchronously changed, without notifying the process of this change, yet the process will eventually self-correct its behavior to the new situation. Self-Stabilization  is related to Autonomic Computing  , which entails several "Self-*" attributes: self-management, self-configuration, self-healing, self-optimization, and self-protection. Abstractly, self-stabilization appears related to traditional topics of control theory (stability of control loops); however, the requirement of recovery from arbitrary transient faults includes arbitrary changes to the state of any presumed controller--the controller must be engineered to self-recover above all. Furthermore, the literature of self-stabilization is mostly discrete and uses techniques from distributed computing research. The book Self-Stabilization  by Shlomi Dolev surveys the topic. A rather dated bibliography about self-stabilization is this 1992 bibliography  .  
  
 Meetings, Conferences, and Events on Self-Stabilizing Systems  
  
  The next event will be:   
 SSS2025   
 Past Events   
  
 SSS 2024 
  SSS 2023 
  SSS 2022 
  SSS 2021 
  SSS 2020 
  SSS 2019 
  SSS 2018 
  SSS 2017 
  SSS 2016 
  SSS 2015 
  SSS 2014 
  SSS 2013 
  SSS 2012 
  SSS 2011 
  SSS 2010 
  SSS 2009 
  SSS 2008 
  SSS 2007 
  SSS 2006 
  SSS 2005 
  Banff 2004 
  SSS 2003 
  Luminy 2002 
  WSS 2001 
  Dagstuhl 2000 
  WSS 1999 
  Dagstuhl 1998 
  WSS 1997 
  WSS 1995 
  WSS 1989 
   
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

29. Conference SSSC_0:
IFAC on X 
  IFAC on Facebook 
  IFAC on LinkedIn 
  IFAC on YouTube 
  IFAC on Instagram 
    
 Search Site      

  Advanced Search…    
   
 Home 
  News 
  About 
  Activities 
  Conferences 
  Publications 
  Structure 
  Awards 
  FAQ 
  Contact 
  Log in 

 System Structure and Control - 9th SSSC 2025™  

 Info      
   
 IFAC Symposium on   

 When | Jun 30, 2025 09:15 AM   Jul 02, 2025 09:15 AM   to 
 Where | Gif-sur-Yvette, FRANCE 
 Add event to calendar | vCal    
   iCal 

 Navigation   Conferences 
  Past Conferences 
  Organizer Guide 
  Author Guide 
  PaperCept 
  Conference Application 
  IFAC Brand Guidelines 
  IFAC Conference App 
  IFAC Release Form for Speakers 
  Editor's Guide 
  IFAC Young Author Conference Award 
  IFAC Webpage template (and hosting) 
  IFACx labeled conferences 2023 
  Guidelines for IFAC Conference Awards 
  IFACx labeled conferences 2024 
  System Structure and Control - 9th SSSC 2025™ 

 Sitemap   
 About   Message from the President 
  Aims 
  History 
  Symposia, Conferences Workshop and Congresses 
  Participation 
  Affiliate Registration Form 
  Information Brochure 

 Conferences   Forthcoming   
 Past  Conferences   
 Organizer Guide   
 Author Guide   
 PaperCept   
 Conference Application     

 Structure   Overview 
  General Assembly - NMO's 
  President 
  Council and Advisors 
  Executive Board and Committees 
  Technical Board and Coordinating Committees 
  Scope of Technical Committees 
  Secretariat 
  Finances 
  Constitution and By-laws 
  List of Officials 

 Publications   Overview 
  IFAC Journals and Affiliated Journals 
  Preprints, Proceedings and Copyright Conditions 
  IFAC Papers-Online 
  Newsletters 

 Areas 
  Awards 
  News 
  FAQ 
  Contact 

 Imprint  | © 2024 International Federation of Automatic Control. All Rights Reserved.  
 IFAC - the International Federation of Automatic Control - values the privacy of its members, affiliates and visitors to its website and is strongly committed to each visitor's right to privacy. By using IFAC's website, you express your acceptance of IFAC's privacy policy. For details of its privacy policy please follow this link  .  

  
Call for papers data: 
    
 IFAC on X 
  IFAC on Facebook 
  IFAC on LinkedIn 
  IFAC on YouTube 
  IFAC on Instagram 
    
 Search Site      

  Advanced Search…    
   
 Home 
  News 
  About 
  Activities 
  Conferences 
  Publications 
  Structure 
  Awards 
  FAQ 
  Contact 
  Log in 

 PaperCept  

 Info      

 The PaperCept Conference Manuscript Management System is used by IFAC to manage paper submissions to all IFAC events. Every participant in a conference is served by the site. The system allows users to:  
 submit their contributions to any event of their choice, 
  inspect the reviews and final decision letter of the submission, 
  resubmit the final version of a submission, and 
  upload comments if the user acts as a reviewer. 
  For access to the IFAC PaperCept site, please click here  .  

 Navigation   Conferences 
  Past Conferences 
  Organizer Guide 
  Author Guide 
  PaperCept 
  Conference Application 
  IFAC Brand Guidelines 
  IFAC Conference App 
  IFAC Release Form for Speakers 
  Editor's Guide 
  IFAC Young Author Conference Award 
  IFAC Webpage template (and hosting) 
  IFACx labeled conferences 2023 
  Guidelines for IFAC Conference Awards 
  IFACx labeled conferences 2024 

 Sitemap   
 About   Message from the President 
  Aims 
  History 
  Symposia, Conferences Workshop and Congresses 
  Participation 
  Affiliate Registration Form 
  Information Brochure 

 Conferences   Forthcoming   
 Past  Conferences   
 Organizer Guide   
 Author Guide   
 PaperCept   
 Conference Application     

 Structure   Overview 
  General Assembly - NMO's 
  President 
  Council and Advisors 
  Executive Board and Committees 
  Technical Board and Coordinating Committees 
  Scope of Technical Committees 
  Secretariat 
  Finances 
  Constitution and By-laws 
  List of Officials 

 Publications   Overview 
  IFAC Journals and Affiliated Journals 
  Preprints, Proceedings and Copyright Conditions 
  IFAC Papers-Online 
  Newsletters 

 Areas 
  Awards 
  News 
  FAQ 
  Contact 

 Imprint  | © 2024 International Federation of Automatic Control. All Rights Reserved.  
 IFAC - the International Federation of Automatic Control - values the privacy of its members, affiliates and visitors to its website and is strongly committed to each visitor's right to privacy. By using IFAC's website, you express your acceptance of IFAC's privacy policy. For details of its privacy policy please follow this link  .  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

30. Conference SPIRE_0:
String Processing and Information Retrieval: 31st International Symposium, SPIRE 2024, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, September 2325, 2024, Proceedings | Agenda Bookshop                                 
          Skip to content  Please note that books with a 10-20 working days delivery time may not arrive before Christmas.   
 Please note that books with a 10-20 working days delivery time may not arrive before Christmas.   

    Menu    
     View cart     

 Our Shops 
  FAQ 
  Loyalty Clubs 
  Gift Vouchers 
  Blog 
  Login 
  View cart 
   softlaunch  All categories  ------   All categories       Cancel             

 Christmas | Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Books 
  Books | Favorites | Favorites | Bestsellers 
  New Releases 
  Coming Soon 
  Fiction Bestsellers 
  Non-Fiction Bestsellers 
  The Seven Sisters Series - Lucinda Riley 
  The Bridgerton Series 
  Fiction | Fiction | Graphic Novel, Anime & Manga Store 
  Adventure 
  Classics 
  Contemporary Fiction 
  Crime & Mystery 
  Erotic Fiction 
  Fantasy 
  Fiction - Related Items 
  Fiction: Special Features 
  Graphic Novels, Anime & Manga 
  Historical Fiction 
  Horror & Ghost Stories 
  Myth & Legend Told as Fiction 
  Romance 
  Science Fiction 
  Sagas 
  Thrillers 
  Religious & Spiritual Fiction 
  Non-Fiction | Non-Fiction | Art & Photography 
  Biography 
  Business & Finance 
  Computing 
  Dictionaries & Languages 
  English Language Teaching 
  Food & Drink 
  History 
  Health 
  Travel & Holiday Guides 
  Mind, Body & Spirit 
  View All Categories 
  Childrens's | Childrens's | Children's Bestsellers 
  Children's Fiction 
  Picture Books, Activity Books & Early Learning Material 
  Children's Non-Fiction 
  Children's Education Material 
  Children's Personal & Social Issues 
  Children's Stationery 
  Harry Potter 
  Disney 
  Local Publications | Local Publications | All 
  Fiction 
  Non-Fiction 
  Children's & Young Adults 
  Maltese History 
  Bargain 
  Newsstand | All Newspapers | All Newspapers | Maltese Newspapers 
  American Newspapers 
  German Newspapers 
  French Newspapers 
  Italian Newspapers 
  British Newspapers 
  All Magazines | All Magazines | Children's 
  Food 
  General Interest 
  Motoring 
  Music 
  Puzzlers 
  Sports 
  Disney Subscriptions | Disney Subscriptions | Disney Crochet 
  My Little Library 
  Disney's Doll House 
  The Lancaster Bomber B.III 
  Build The Titanic - Metal Model 
  Timeless Classics 
  Textbooks 
  Stationery & Gifts | Dock & Bay | Dock & Bay | Beach Towels 
  Kids Ponchos 
  Picnic Blankets 
  Gym Towels 
  Home Towels 
  Journals | Journals | 2025 Diaries 
  Notebook Journals 
  Character Journals 
  Pockets | Pockets | Tool Belt 
  Travel Pouch 
  Phone Pocket 
  Reading Glasses | Reading Glasses | Spare Pair Reading Glasses 
  Easy Readers Reading Glasses 
  Book Stands 

 Login 
    Close   Christmas | Christmas | Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Books 
  Books | Books | Favorites | Favorites | Bestsellers 
  New Releases 
  Coming Soon 
  Fiction Bestsellers 
  Non-Fiction Bestsellers 
  The Seven Sisters Series - Lucinda Riley 
  The Bridgerton Series 
  Fiction | Fiction | Graphic Novel, Anime & Manga Store 
  Adventure 
  Classics 
  Contemporary Fiction 
  Crime & Mystery 
  Erotic Fiction 
  Fantasy 
  Fiction - Related Items 
  Fiction: Special Features 
  Graphic Novels, Anime & Manga 
  Historical Fiction 
  Horror & Ghost Stories 
  Myth & Legend Told as Fiction 
  Romance 
  Science Fiction 
  Sagas 
  Thrillers 
  Religious & Spiritual Fiction 
  Non-Fiction | Non-Fiction | Art & Photography 
  Biography 
  Business & Finance 
  Computing 
  Dictionaries & Languages 
  English Language Teaching 
  Food & Drink 
  History 
  Health 
  Travel & Holiday Guides 
  Mind, Body & Spirit 
  View All Categories 
  Childrens's | Childrens's | Children's Bestsellers 
  Children's Fiction 
  Picture Books, Activity Books & Early Learning Material 
  Children's Non-Fiction 
  Children's Education Material 
  Children's Personal & Social Issues 
  Children's Stationery 
  Harry Potter 
  Disney 
  Local Publications | Local Publications | All 
  Fiction 
  Non-Fiction 
  Children's & Young Adults 
  Maltese History 
  Bargain 
  Newsstand | Newsstand | All Newspapers | All Newspapers | Maltese Newspapers 
  American Newspapers 
  German Newspapers 
  French Newspapers 
  Italian Newspapers 
  British Newspapers 
  All Magazines | All Magazines | Children's 
  Food 
  General Interest 
  Motoring 
  Music 
  Puzzlers 
  Sports 
  Disney Subscriptions | Disney Subscriptions | Disney Crochet 
  My Little Library 
  Disney's Doll House 
  The Lancaster Bomber B.III 
  Build The Titanic - Metal Model 
  Timeless Classics 
  Textbooks 
  Stationery & Gifts | Stationery & Gifts | Dock & Bay | Dock & Bay | Beach Towels 
  Kids Ponchos 
  Picnic Blankets 
  Gym Towels 
  Home Towels 
  Journals | Journals | 2025 Diaries 
  Notebook Journals 
  Character Journals 
  Pockets | Pockets | Tool Belt 
  Travel Pouch 
  Phone Pocket 
  Reading Glasses | Reading Glasses | Spare Pair Reading Glasses 
  Easy Readers Reading Glasses 
  Book Stands 
  Shop Finder 
  FAQ 
  Blog 
  Loyalty Clubs 
  Gift Vouchers 

 Categories:  Non-Fiction   Information theory   Numerical Analysis   Computer Hardware   Algorithms & Data Structures   Mathematical Theory of Computation   Artificial Intelligence    
 Age Group_Uncategorized   
 Age Group_Uncategorized   
 automatic-update   
 B01=Edleno Moura   
 B01=Karina Figueroa   
 B01=Ricardo Baeza-Yates   
 B01=Zsuzsanna Lipták   
 Category1=Non-Fiction   
 Category=GPF   
 Category=PBKS   
 Category=UK   
 Category=UMB   
 Category=UYA   
 Category=UYQ   
 COP=Switzerland   
 Delivery_Delivery within 10-20 working days   
 Language_English   
 PA=Available   
 Price_€50 to €100   
 PS=Active   
 softlaunch   

 String Processing and Information Retrieval: 31st International Symposium, SPIRE 2024, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, September 2325, 2024, Proceedings  
   
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    
 ★  ★  ★  ★  ★    

 English  
   
 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 31st International Symposium on String Processing and Information Retrieval, SPIRE 2024, held in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, during September 2325, 2024.  
 The 22 full papers and 4 short papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 41 submissions. The papers reflect the continuation of the long and well-established tradition of encouraging high-quality research at the broad nexus of string processing, information retrieval, and computational biology.  
 See more    
   
 Current price  €61.19    
 Original price  €67.99    
   
 Save 10  %    

 1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10+   Quantity       
   
  Quantity    
   
 Age Group_Uncategorizedautomatic-updateB01=Edleno MouraB01=Karina FigueroaB01=Ricardo Baeza-YatesB01=Zsuzsanna LiptákCategory1=Non-FictionCategory=GPFCategory=PBKSCategory=UKCategory=UMBCategory=UYACategory=UYQCOP=SwitzerlandDelivery_Delivery within 10-20 working daysLanguage_EnglishPA=AvailablePrice_€50 to €100PS=Activesoftlaunch   
 Add to cart          

   Delivery/Collection within 10-20 working days    
   
 Share this:    Share on Facebook     Tweet on Twitter     Share on LinkedIn     

 Product Details  
 Dimensions: | 155 x 235mm 
  Publication Date: | 19 Sep 2024 
  Publisher: | Springer International Publishing AG 
  Publication City/Country: | Switzerland 
  Language: | English 
  ISBN13: | 9783031721991 

 You recently viewed  
 Clear recently viewed    

 Customer Reviews  
        
 Be the first to write a review   
   
 Write a review         

 0%   
 (0)   

 0%   
 (0)   

 0%   
 (0)   

 0%   
 (0)   

 0%   
 (0)   

 Customer Services      
 Contact Us 
  Delivery Options 
  Privacy Policy 
  Returning Items 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Cookie Policy 
  Refund Policy 

 Shopping with Us      
 Click & Collect 
  Agenda Bookshop 
  Online Pricing 
  Wishlist 
  Reviews 

 Follow us  
   Find us on Facebook     Find us on Instagram     
   
 490   
 Verified Reviews   

 Copyright © 2024 Agenda Bookshop.  
 Designed and Developed by Born Digital Studio  .  
   
  Customers rate us 4.8/5 based on 490 reviews.     

    Added to your cart:  

      (- | ) 

 Cart subtotal      
 View cart (  )   

 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue we'll assume that you are understand this. Learn more    
 Accept    

   
Call for papers data: 
   Menu    
     View cart     

 Our Shops 
  FAQ 
  Loyalty Clubs 
  Gift Vouchers 
  Blog 
  Login 
  View cart 
   softlaunch  All categories  ------   All categories       Cancel             

 Christmas | Advent Calendars 
  Christmas Books 
  Books | Favorites | Favorites | Bestsellers 
  New Releases 
  Coming Soon 
  Fiction Bestsellers 
  Non-Fiction Bestsellers 
  The Seven Sisters Series - Lucinda Riley 
  The Bridgerton Series 
  Fiction | Fiction | Graphic Novel, Anime & Manga Store 
  Adventure 
  Classics 
  Contemporary Fiction 
  Crime & Mystery 
  Erotic Fiction 
  Fantasy 
  Fiction - Related Items 
  Fiction: Special Features 
  Graphic Novels, Anime & Manga 
  Historical Fiction 
  Horror & Ghost Stories 
  Myth & Legend Told as Fiction 
  Romance 
  Science Fiction 
  Sagas 
  Thrillers 
  Religious & Spiritual Fiction 
  Non-Fiction | Non-Fiction | Art & Photography 
  Biography 
  Business & Finance 
  Computing 
  Dictionaries & Languages 
  English Language Teaching 
  Food & Drink 
  History 
  Health 
  Travel & Holiday Guides 
  Mind, Body & Spirit 
  View All Categories 
  Childrens's | Childrens's | Children's Bestsellers 
  Children's Fiction 
  Picture Books, Activity Books & Early Learning Material 
  Children's Non-Fiction 
  Children's Education Material 
  Children's Personal & Social Issues 
  Children's Stationery 
  Harry Potter 
  Disney 
  Local Publications | Local Publications | All 
  Fiction 
  Non-Fiction 
  Children's & Young Adults 
  Maltese History 
  Bargain 
  Newsstand | All Newspapers | All Newspapers | Maltese Newspapers 
  American Newspapers 
  German Newspapers 
  French Newspapers 
  Italian Newspapers 
  British Newspapers 
  All Magazines | All Magazines | Children's 
  Food 
  General Interest 
  Motoring 
  Music 
  Puzzlers 
  Sports 
  Disney Subscriptions | Disney Subscriptions | Disney Crochet 
  My Little Library 
  Disney's Doll House 
  The Lancaster Bomber B.III 
  Build The Titanic - Metal Model 
  Timeless Classics 
  Textbooks 
  Stationery & Gifts | Dock & Bay | Dock & Bay | Beach Towels 
  Kids Ponchos 
  Picnic Blankets 
  Gym Towels 
  Home Towels 
  Journals | Journals | 2025 Diaries 
  Notebook Journals 
  Character Journals 
  Pockets | Pockets | Tool Belt 
  Travel Pouch 
  Phone Pocket 
  Reading Glasses | Reading Glasses | Spare Pair Reading Glasses 
  Easy Readers Reading Glasses 
  Book Stands 

  Important dates data: 
undefined

31. Conference SPICE_0:
Search  Software  Quality      Search the TechTarget Network      Login   Register     
 Explore the Network  TechTarget Network 
  Cloud Computing 
  App Architecture 
  IT Operations 
  TheServerSide 
  AWS 
    
 Search  Software  Quality 
  SDLC 
  Software Design & Development 
  Software Development Methodologies 
  Team Structure & Skills 
  Test Types 
  More Topics | Testing Tools & Techniques | Other Content  News 
  Features 
  Tips 
  Webinars 
  2024 IT Salary Survey Results 
  Sponsored Sites 
  More | Answers 
  Conference Guides 
  Definitions 
  Opinions 
  Podcasts 
  Quizzes 
  Tech Accelerators 
  Tutorials 
  Videos 
  Follow: 

 Home 
  Agile, DevOps and software development methodologies 

 Definition  Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination (SPICE)  

 Share this item with your network: 

 By  Rahul Awati 

  What is Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination (SPICE)?  
 Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination (SPICE) is an international framework to assess software development  processes. SPICE was developed jointly by International Organization for Standardization ( ISO  ) and the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). SPICE is specified in ISO/IEC 15504.  
  
  The need for an international software standard  
 The goal of any company developing software is to produce high-quality software  using a productive and efficient team. However, this doesn't always happen due to gaps or inefficiencies in existing development processes -- issues that development teams  are not always aware of.  
 Lacking information about the what is  state, development teams cannot initiate improvements to reach a what should be  state. That is why undertaking a detailed assessment of the software development process is important. Ideally, this assessment should follow internationally accepted frameworks  and standards.  
 Here are some benefits of adopting an international standard:  
 Organizations can harmonize existing approaches to software process assessments. 
  Software developers and suppliers can submit one comprehensive process assessment scheme rather than submit numerous schemes. 
  Organizations can initiate and sustain | continuous improvements | in software processes. 
  Program managers can ensure alignment between software in development and | organizational goals | and needs. 
  ISO/IEC provides a suite of standards to undertake such an assessment in a systematic manner. These standards were developed under the SPICE project.  

  SPICE goals, objectives and benefits  
 People from more than 20 countries were involved in SPICE development. Their primary goal was to develop a consistent and validated framework for software process assessment to improve the quality and productivity of software development processes.  
 The SPICE standard creates a way to measure process capability and describe the preferred order in which activities should occur in a software development project. At the same time, it avoids a specific improvement approach as in other models, like the Capability Maturity Model  . SPICE emphasizes an organization's management and process definition structures.  
 The primary goal of SPICE, and ISO/IEC 15504, is to help organizations and software development teams achieve process improvement  based on rigorous definitions of objectives and programs to attain these objectives. It brings numerous benefits to software suppliers, acquirers and assessors.  
 For software suppliers, SPICE helps determine the capabilities of their own software processes. It helps them create a clear roadmap that highlights the gaps and areas of improvement in software processes. It also helps software suppliers  set priorities to better manage their improvement initiatives.  
 Software acquirers can use SPICE to determine software suppliers' processes and gauge their overall current and potential capability before investing in a supplier or their software.  
 For process assessors, SPICE provides a systematic and standardized framework to articulate the various aspects of assessments to be conducted on developed software.  
  
  How different organizations can use SPICE  
 Organizations can use the SPICE standard in three modes:  
 Capability determination mode. | For purchasing organizations to determine the capability of a potential software supplier. 
  Process improvement mode. | For software organizations to improve their development and | maintenance 
  Self-assessment mode. | For software organizations to assess their ability to implement a new | software project | . 
  Any company that uses the SPICE standard can get maximum benefits by first defining their why  :  
 to understand a software process 
  to initiate process improvement 
  to determine process capability 
    The SPICE reference model is divided into three modes and includes two dimensions: process and capability. Process is divided into five categories, and each process category is defined by six capability levels.     
   
  SPICE explained  
 As part of ISO/IEC 15504, the SPICE standard is organized around a reference model that is divided into two dimensions: process and capability.  
 Processes are divided into five categories:  
 Customer-Supplier. | Processes that directly impact the customer and enable the correct use of the software product. 
  Engineering. | Processes that directly specify, implement or maintain a | software and its | documentation | . 
  Support. | Processes that support other processes on a software development project. 
  Project. | Processes that establish the project and coordinate and | manage its resources. 
  Organization. | Processes that establish business goals and develop assets to meet those goals. 
  Each process is also defined by capability levels. A capability level is a set of common features or activities that work together to enhance an organization's or development team's capability to perform a process. Under SPICE, these capability levels are numbered from levels 0 to 5:  
 0: Not performed 
  1: Performed informally 
  2: Planned and tracked 
  3: Well-defined 
  4: Quantitatively controlled 
  5: Continuously improving 
  Process capabilities can also acquire process attributes, numbered c.x, where c is the capability level as mentioned above and x is a number associated with a specific, related attribute. Thus, 2.1 represents performance management, 2.2 represents work product management and so on.  
 The SPICE standard provides a set of documents that are used as a framework to assess software processes. This SPICE document suite contains nine parts, which are explained below.  
  
  The SPICE document suite  
 The SPICE document suite consists of a number of documents organizations can use during various software development phases, including -- but not limited to -- planning, development, monitoring, controlling, supply, support, etc.  
   Parts 1-6 of the SPICE document suite address process assessment, while parts 7 and 8 address process improvement or process capability determination.     
  Of the nine SPICE documents, parts 1-6 address aspects related to process assessment. Parts 7 and 8 address the use of process assessment for process improvement or process  
  capability determination. Here is a brief look at these documents.  
 Part 1 -- Concepts and introductory guide  
 This document provides information on process assessment with respect to software. It explains its use in two ways: process improvement and process capability determination. It also provides a general overview on how to select and use the documents.  
 Part 2 -- A model for process management  
 This document defines various practices for good software engineering  . It describes various basic and generic processes used in the different phases of production. Basic practices are the essential activities of a specific process, while generic practices are the activities required to manage a process or improve its capability.  
 Also known as the Baseline Practices Guide (BPG), this document categorizes processes into the five broad process categories explained above. In total, the BPG lists 35+ processes that fall under one of these five categories.  
 Process capability levels are also described in the BPG. Capability levels help organizations identify the set of improvements that can be performed initially and acknowledges the dependencies among different process practices. The five capability levels are also highlighted earlier.  
 Part 3 -- Rating processes  
 This document describes the minimum requirements to conduct a software process assessment. These requirements ensure that the obtained output is consistent, representative and repeatable regarding the process instances assessed. They also help process assessors ensure that the assessment requirements have been met.  
 Part 4 -- Guide to conducting assessment  
 This document collects information on the current capability of the organization's processes. This part is initiated if there is a need to determine or improve process capability.  
 The need for process improvement or capability determination leads to the initiation of process assessment. The output includes capability level ratings of selected processes. In case of process capability determination, the output provides information to help the organization identify, analyze and quantify its strength, weaknesses and risks.  
 Part 5 -- Construction, selection and use of assessment instruments and tools  
 This document lays down the requirements for constructing assessment instruments and provides guidance around the usability characteristics of these instruments. An assessment instrument is a tool to evaluate the adequacy or existence of practices. It enables an assessor to judge how well the practices have been implemented. It also helps them to record the collected information.  
 Part 6 -- Qualification and training of assessors  
 This document describes the assessor's competencies, education, training and experience. Whenever any software process is assessed using SPICE, at least one qualified assessor should be part of the assessment team. This person ensures that the assessment meets all requirements, checks the consistency of results, and confirms that other team members have the necessary specialized knowledge and skills  to carry out the assessment.  
 Part 7 -- Guide for use in process improvement  
 This document includes an overview of process improvement, a methodology for process improvement, the required cultural aspects for successful process improvement and the management perspective of process improvement. It acts as a guide to use process assessments to understand the current state of processes and to create process improvement plans.  
 Part 8 -- Guide for use in determining supplier process capability  
 This document provides guidance to utilize process assessment for process capability determination. Simply put, it is a systematic assessment and analysis of the selected software processes of a supplier to identify their strengths, weaknesses and risks to meet a particular software requirement.  
 The guide presents approaches to determine both core process capability and extended process capability.  
 Part 9 -- Vocabulary  
 This document specifies the vocabulary, consisting of definitions, related terms and concepts used in the SPICE standard.  
    
 See  software development trends to watch for   and how demand is increasing for  low-code app development platforms   . Also, explore  software development and testing tips   and ways to  balance app innovation with app security   .   

 This was last updated in January 2022    
  
  Continue Reading About Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination (SPICE)  
 Tech giants foster green software engineering movement 
  23 software development metrics to track today 
  5 tips for stronger developer team management 
  Software development must align with your business-side team 
  Why development team membership should change regularly 

 Related Terms  
 What is a product owner?   A product owner is a role on a Scrum team that is responsible for the project's outcome. See complete definition    What is a Waterfall model? Definition and guide   The Waterfall model is a linear, sequential approach to the software development lifecycle (SDLC) that is popular in software ... See complete definition    What is Jira?   Jira is an application lifecycle management (ALM) and Agile project management tool from Atlassian. See complete definition       
  
  Dig Deeper on Agile, DevOps and software development methodologies  
 Mediterranean diet improves cardiometabolic health in children  
   By: Veronica Salib 
  Even plant-based ultra-processed foods are linked to higher CVD risk  
   By: Veronica Salib 
  Security continues to lag behind cloud app dev cycles  
   By: Jon Oltsik 
  Fear is the mind-killer: Governance key to safety in the cyber dunes 

  Sponsored News   
 Moving from retrospective to prospective denials management | –Solventum 
  How to Level Up the Revenue Cycle Management Game Plan | –Greenway Health 
  See More 
   Vendor Resources   
 Link Software Development to Measured Business Value Creation | –JBS Custom Software Solutions 
  FDA warns the public about lead levels in cinnamon | –XtelligentMedia Healthcare 

 Latest TechTarget resources   Cloud Computing 
  Application Architecture 
  IT Operations 
  Java 
  AWS 
   
   Cloud  Computing    Linux text editor tips for cloud admins using Vim and Nano | Vim and Nano are common Linux text editors that can help cloud admins manage cloud-based Linux VMs. While the tools might seem ... 
  A conference guide to AWS re:Invent 2024 | Explore the latest news, product releases and technology updates, as well as analysis and expert advice from AWS re:Invent 2024 ... 
  On-premises-to-cloud migration: Top methods and tools to use | One of the first steps in a cloud migration is to choose a data transfer model. There are two options to consider -- online and ... 
    
 Search  App  Architecture    Webhook vs. API: Which mechanism is better? | Moving data in one direction? Choose a webhook. Need applications to communicate with each other? Use an API. But first, compare ... 
  What's next for APIs? 4 API trends for 2025 and beyond | As businesses navigate tightening budgets and resources, the API marketplace will continue to play a vital role in integrating ... 
  13 application performance metrics and how to measure them | You've deployed your application, now what? Keep your application performing well by tracking metrics. Take a look at these 13 ... 
    
 Search  IT  Operations    WasmCloud makes strides with Wasm component model | After a stall in 2023, this year's WASI Preview 2 pushed server-side WebAssembly forward, turning heads at companies such as ... 
  Rethinking 'secure by design' amid slippery SecOps shifts | An expert discusses the fallout from a CISA report that raised doubts about the last decade's DevSecOps trend, and where the ... 
  IT pros revise pipelines for software supply chain security | Software supply chain security has reached an awkward stage for enterprise IT, as platform and security pros grapple with adding ... 
    
 The  Server  Side  .com    Understanding the 7 principles of functional programming | Java and C++ ushered in object-oriented programming, but now Python and JavaScript popularize functional programming. These seven... 
  Agile estimation: Predicting the unpredictable | Agile teams' overreliance on estimates detracts from the overall goal to deliver value to the customer. Avoid these agile ... 
  Know these top 5 Scrum antipatterns | Embrace sprints, set clear goals, engage with customers -- these behaviors and others will help your teams avoid common Scrum ... 
    
 Search  AWS    Compare Datadog vs. New Relic for IT monitoring in 2024 | Compare Datadog vs. New Relic capabilities including alerts, log management, incident management and more. Learn which tool is ... 
  AWS Control Tower aims to simplify multi-account management | Many organizations struggle to manage their vast collection of AWS accounts, but Control Tower can help. The service automates ... 
  Break down the Amazon EKS pricing model | There are several important variables within the Amazon EKS pricing model. Dig into the numbers to ensure you deploy the service ... 

 About Us 
  Editorial Ethics Policy 
  Meet The Editors 
  Contact Us 
  Advertisers 
  Partner with Us 
  Media Kit 
  Corporate Site 
  Contributors 
  Reprints 
  Answers 
  Definitions 
  E-Products 
  Events 
  Features 
  Guides 
  Opinions 
  Photo Stories 
  Quizzes 
  Tips 
  Tutorials 
  Videos 
    
 All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2006 - 2024  , TechTarget   
   
  Privacy Policy    
  Cookie Preferences   
   Cookie Preferences   
   Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information    

 Close   
   
   
Call for papers data: 
      

                     Search  Software  Quality      Search the TechTarget Network      Login   Register     
 Explore the Network  TechTarget Network 
  Cloud Computing 
  App Architecture 
  IT Operations 
  TheServerSide 
  AWS 
    
 Search  Software  Quality 
  SDLC 
  Software Design & Development 
  Software Development Methodologies 
  Team Structure & Skills 
  Test Types 
  More Topics | Testing Tools & Techniques | Other Content  News 
  Features 
  Tips 
  Webinars 
  2024 IT Salary Survey Results 
  Sponsored Sites 
  More | Answers 
  Conference Guides 
  Definitions 
  Opinions 
  Podcasts 
  Quizzes 
  Tech Accelerators 
  Tutorials 
  Videos 
  Follow: 

 Home 
  Software design and development 

  Sergey Nivens - Fotolia  

 Tip    
   
 23 software development metrics to track today  

 High-performance, engaging, secure apps don't happen by accident. Measure these KPIs to improve the software development process and software quality.  
  
 Share this item with your network: 

 By  Ryan Black, | Assistant Site Editor 
  Published: 18 Aug 2020    

 Software development metrics can reveal how an application is performing and how effective the development team is in its work.  
 IT organizations rely on a range of these KPIs to fully understand software engineers' progress, as well as software quality, such as performance and user satisfaction. The gamut of possible measurements spans four key categories:  

 developer productivity 
  software performance 
  defects and security 
  user experience (UX) 
  While an IT organization doesn't need to tabulate every software metric, it should prioritize and track the ones that matter most to its requirements and goals. Scan these 23 software development metrics, and build a set of KPIs for software quality.  
  Developer productivity metrics  
 Many ways exist to discuss or evaluate team efficiency and completed work. Productivity metrics enable development managers to run projects better. Tabulate a mix of these software metrics to gauge how far along a project is, levels of developer productivity, the amount of additional dev time necessary and more.  
 Lead time. | Lead time is how long something takes from start to finish. In software development, for example, a project's lead time starts with the proposal and ends with delivery. 
  Amount of code. | Development teams can look at this software metric, also called | thousands of lines of code | ( | KLOC | ), to determine the size of an application. If this KPI is high, it might indicate that developers were productive in their programming efforts. Although, this metric is not useful when a development team tries to compare two projects written in different programming languages. Also, keep in mind that more code doesn't always make for efficient or effective code, which can make for more refactoring work later. 
  Work in progress (WIP). | In a software engineering context, | WIP | is development work that the team has begun to work on and that's no longer in the backlog. A team can express WIP in a burn down chart. A common tool for Agile and Scrum sprints, these charts display how much work the team has finished and the amount of work left to do. 
  Agile velocity. | To calculate velocity, an Agile software development team looks at previous sprints and counts the number of user stories or story points completed over time. Agile velocity is an estimate of how productive the team will be within a single sprint. 
  Sprint goal success rate. | This software metric calculates the percentage of items the development team completed in the sprint backlog. A team might not finish 100% of the work during any given sprint. However, the team's progress might still meet its | definition of done | -- the threshold a project must meet for an organization to consider it finished. If the iteration meets the definition of done, it is a success. 
  Number of software releases. | Agile and DevOps teams prioritize frequent, continual software releases. With this KPI, teams can track how frequently they release software, whether monthly, weekly, daily, hourly or any other time frame -- and whether that cadence ultimately delivers enough business value. 
   
  Software performance metrics   
 Software performance refers to quantitative measures of a software system's behavior. Performance metrics gauge nonfunctional attributes -- i.e., how  an application performs, not what  it performs.  
 Aspects of software performance. | Performance testing might assess the following characteristics of an application: 
  scalability 
  stability 
  responsiveness 
  speed 
  availability 
  Other important expressions of software performance metrics include the following.  
 Throughput. | Throughput | is the number of units of data a system processes in a certain amount of time. 
  Response time. | response time measures how much time it takes for a system to respond to an inquiry or demand. 
  Reliability, availability and serviceability (RAS). | RAS | refers to software's ability to persistently meet its specifications; how long it functions relative to the amount expected; and how easily it can be repaired or maintained. 
   
  Defect metrics   
 Development teams must understand  how applications fail in order to build them better. These software development metrics assess defects  and vulnerabilities.  
 Defect density. | At the code level, developers can tabulate the number of defects per KLOC to assess the frequency of defects. 
  Code coverage. | This is the proportion of source code that automated tests cover. The software metric enables testers to pinpoint what areas of the code they have yet to properly test. 
  Defect detection percentage. | This metric is a ratio of the | amount of defects | found prior to software releases compared to the number found post-release. To calculate the percentage, take the number of defects found pre-release (x) and the amount users encountered after release (y), and then calculate x/(x + y). A high percentage is preferable, as that means a larger proportion of the defects was found before customers used the software. 
  Technical debt. | Technical debt is a | metaphor that reflects the long-term effort, as well as temporal and financial costs, of developers not addressing a development problem when it first arises. 
  15. Morale as a metric  
 Treat employee or team happiness as another useful indicator  of team productivity and success. It just might be as important as any technical metric or software quality KPI.  
 Stressed or unsatisfied team members can erode work productivity and, ultimately, software performance. Keep stock of numbers like team member turnover, also called employee churn  ; a lower number likely means employees are satisfied within the organization.  

 16. Security vulnerabilities.  Vulnerability scans identify security weaknesses in an application. The lower the number of vulnerabilities found, the more secure the software will be.  
 17. Actual security incidents.  This KPI counts the number of times a hacker exploits a vulnerability in the software. Track how often these breaches occur, the severity of the attack -- for example, what data was stolen -- and the amount of time the incident lasted.  
 IT organizations use various averages to calculate the occurrence of software failures or defects.  
 Mean time to detect | . | Mean time to detect | is an average that indicates | how long it takes | for a team to notice an issue or bug. 
  Mean time between failures | . | This | metric is a calculation of how common it is for a program to fail. 
  Mean time to repair | . | Mean time to repair | is the average that represents how quickly a team addresses failures. 
   
  Usability and UX metrics   
 Users experience and interact with software in different ways. Just as it's difficult to classify people's emotions, it's also challenging to assess their reaction to software. While no single software metric can communicate the entirety of UX, there are a few helpful ones.  
 UX metrics. | Measurements of UX | are often qualitative and might include users' emotional or bodily responses, such as how much they trust the software and how their eyes move across a UI. 
  Usability metrics. | usability measures how well the software enables customers to achieve their goals. Usability can be broken down into smaller components, such as the following: 
  discoverability 
  efficiency 
  memorability 
  learnability 
  satisfaction 
  accessibility, particularly | digital accessibility 
  Net Promoter Score (NPS). | This software metric reflects customers' willingness to recommend an application to others. | Net Promoter Score | is presented as a number range from 0-10. Customers with a score from 0 to 6 are | Detractors | ; 7 and 8 scores are | Passives | ; and 9 and 10 are | Promoters | . 

  Next Steps  
 Climb the five steps of a continuous delivery maturity model   
 Project management tools and strategies: Gantt charts, PERT charts and PM planning tools   
 Tech news this week: AI software engineer vs. human engineer   

  Dig Deeper on Software design and development  
 Speed vs. quality in software testing: Can you have both?  
   By: Amy Reichert 
  5 essential best practices for QA teams to adopt  
   By: Gerie Owen 
  Carefully weigh these DevOps pros and cons  
   By: Stephen Bigelow 
  Scrum vs. Kanban: What's the difference?  
 By: Darcy DeClute 

  Sponsored News   
 Understanding Revenue Cycle Metrics for Healthcare Financial Success | –Greenway Health 
  Implementing interventional analytics at a Medicare ACO | –Real Time Medical Systems 
  Improving LTPAC Management Interventions Using Real-Time Analytics | –Real Time Medical Systems 
  See More 
   
  Related Content   
 Explore common types of Agile teams | – Search Software Quality 
  Condensed Agile sprint timeline pros and cons | – Search Software Quality 
  How to hold effective Agile sprint planning meetings | – Search Software Quality 

 Latest TechTarget resources   Cloud Computing 
  Application Architecture 
  IT Operations 
  Java 
  AWS 
   
   Cloud  Computing    Linux text editor tips for cloud admins using Vim and Nano | Vim and Nano are common Linux text editors that can help cloud admins manage cloud-based Linux VMs. While the tools might seem ... 
  A conference guide to AWS re:Invent 2024 | Explore the latest news, product releases and technology updates, as well as analysis and expert advice from AWS re:Invent 2024 ... 
  On-premises-to-cloud migration: Top methods and tools to use | One of the first steps in a cloud migration is to choose a data transfer model. There are two options to consider -- online and ... 
    
 Search  App  Architecture    Webhook vs. API: Which mechanism is better? | Moving data in one direction? Choose a webhook. Need applications to communicate with each other? Use an API. But first, compare ... 
  What's next for APIs? 4 API trends for 2025 and beyond | As businesses navigate tightening budgets and resources, the API marketplace will continue to play a vital role in integrating ... 
  13 application performance metrics and how to measure them | You've deployed your application, now what? Keep your application performing well by tracking metrics. Take a look at these 13 ... 
    
 Search  IT  Operations    WasmCloud makes strides with Wasm component model | After a stall in 2023, this year's WASI Preview 2 pushed server-side WebAssembly forward, turning heads at companies such as ... 
  Rethinking 'secure by design' amid slippery SecOps shifts | An expert discusses the fallout from a CISA report that raised doubts about the last decade's DevSecOps trend, and where the ... 
  IT pros revise pipelines for software supply chain security | Software supply chain security has reached an awkward stage for enterprise IT, as platform and security pros grapple with adding ... 
    
 The  Server  Side  .com    Understanding the 7 principles of functional programming | Java and C++ ushered in object-oriented programming, but now Python and JavaScript popularize functional programming. These seven... 
  Agile estimation: Predicting the unpredictable | Agile teams' overreliance on estimates detracts from the overall goal to deliver value to the customer. Avoid these agile ... 
  Know these top 5 Scrum antipatterns | Embrace sprints, set clear goals, engage with customers -- these behaviors and others will help your teams avoid common Scrum ... 
    
 Search  AWS    Compare Datadog vs. New Relic for IT monitoring in 2024 | Compare Datadog vs. New Relic capabilities including alerts, log management, incident management and more. Learn which tool is ... 
  AWS Control Tower aims to simplify multi-account management | Many organizations struggle to manage their vast collection of AWS accounts, but Control Tower can help. The service automates ... 
  Break down the Amazon EKS pricing model | There are several important variables within the Amazon EKS pricing model. Dig into the numbers to ensure you deploy the service ... 

 About Us 
  Editorial Ethics Policy 
  Meet The Editors 
  Contact Us 
  Advertisers 
  Partner with Us 
  Media Kit 
  Corporate Site 
  Contributors 
  Reprints 
  Answers 
  Definitions 
  E-Products 
  Events 
  Features 
  Guides 
  Opinions 
  Photo Stories 
  Quizzes 
  Tips 
  Tutorials 
  Videos 
    
 All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2006 - 2024  , TechTarget   
   
  Privacy Policy    
  Cookie Preferences   
   Cookie Preferences   
   Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information    

 Close   
   
   Important dates data: 
undefined

32. Conference SPIRE_1:
true  https://prod.accdab.net/cdn/cs/ebiaklm7tP0ykOyjm7KGfgNcPyo.js  500      ×  Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date.   
   
  For a better shopping experience, please upgrade now.   

 !  
 Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the features of our site.  
   
  Learn how to enable JavaScript on your browser   

 Premium Members Save 10% Join Now    

 String Processing and Information Retrieval: 31st International Symposium, SPIRE 2024, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, September 23-25, 2024, Proceedings  This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 31st International Symposium on String Processing and Information Retrieval, SPIRE 2024, held in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, during September 23–25, 2024.  
 The 22 full papers and 4 short papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 41 submissions. The papers reflect the continuation of the long and well-established tradition of encouraging high-quality research at the broad nexus of string processing, information retrieval, and computational biology.  
   
  1146316704   String Processing and Information Retrieval: 31st International Symposium, SPIRE 2024, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, September 23-25, 2024, Proceedings  This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 31st International Symposium on String Processing and Information Retrieval, SPIRE 2024, held in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, during September 23–25, 2024.  
 The 22 full papers and 4 short papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 41 submissions. The papers reflect the continuation of the long and well-established tradition of encouraging high-quality research at the broad nexus of string processing, information retrieval, and computational biology.  
   
    69.99   Out Of Stock   

   5  1    
       
  Home | 1 
  Books | 2 

    String Processing and Information Retrieval: 31st International Symposium, SPIRE 2024, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, September 23-25, 2024, Proceedings  
 364   by Zsuzsanna Lipták (Editor)  , Edleno Moura (Editor)  , Karina Figueroa (Editor)  , Ricardo Baeza-Yates (Editor)    Zsuzsanna Lipták     
 View More    

  Add to Wishlist     

    String Processing and Information Retrieval: 31st International Symposium, SPIRE 2024, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, September 23-25, 2024, Proceedings  
 364   by Zsuzsanna Lipták (Editor)  , Edleno Moura (Editor)  , Karina Figueroa (Editor)  , Ricardo Baeza-Yates (Editor)    Zsuzsanna Lipták     
 View More    

 Paperback (2025)   
  
 Paperback-$69.99  eBook-$69.99  View All Available Formats & Editions     
 $69.99    
   
 View All Available Formats & Editions    
   
 Paperback  
 $69.99      
 eBook  
 $69.99      

 Paperback (2025) 
  $69.99 
    
 View All Available Formats & Editions    

   Learn more    

 SHIP THIS ITEM  Temporarily Out of Stock Online 
  PICK UP IN STORE  Your local store may have stock of this item. | Available within 2 business hours 
  Want it Today?  
  Check Store Availability 
    
 Related collections and offers  

  English  3031721993    69.99   Out Of Stock   
   
    Overview  
 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 31st International Symposium on String Processing and Information Retrieval, SPIRE 2024, held in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, during September 23–25, 2024.  
 The 22 full papers and 4 short papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 41 submissions. The papers reflect the continuation of the long and well-established tradition of encouraging high-quality research at the broad nexus of string processing, information retrieval, and computational biology.  

  Product Details 
  Table of Contents 

 Product Details  
  
 ISBN-13: | 9783031721991 
 Publisher: | Springer Nature Switzerland 
 Publication date: | 09/19/2024 
 Series: | Lecture Notes in Computer Science  , #14899 
 Edition description: | 2025 
 Pages: | 364 
 Product dimensions: | 6.10(w) x 9.25(h) x 0.03(d) 

 Table of Contents  
 .- Linear Time Reconstruction of Parameterized Strings from Parameterized Suffix and LCP Arrays for Constant-Sized Alphabets.  
  .- Bijective BWT based Compression Schemes.  
  .- Indexing Finite-State Automata Using Forward-Stable Partitions.  
  .- Burst Edit Distance.  
  .- Generalization of Repetitiveness Measures for Two-Dimensional Strings.  
  .- On Computing the Smallest Suffixient Set.  
  .- Revisiting the Folklore Algorithm for Random Access to Grammar- Compressed Strings.  
  .- Logarithmic-Time Internal Pattern Matching Queries in Compressed and Dynamic Texts.  
  .- Bounded-Ratio Gapped String Indexing.  
  .- Simultaneously Building and Reconciling a Synteny Tree.  
  .- Quantum Algorithms for Longest Common Substring with a Gap.  
  .- Online Computation of String Net Frequency.  
  .- On the Number of Non-equivalent Parameterized Squares in a String.  
  .- Another virtue of wavelet forests.  
  .- All-Pairs Suffix-Prefix on Dynamic Set of Strings.  
  .- Adaptive Dynamic Bitvectors.  
  .- Compressed Graph Representations for Evaluating Regular Path Queries.  
  .- Greedy Conjecture for the Shortest Common Superstring Problem and its Strengthenings.  
  .- Faster computation of Chinese frequent strings and their net frequencies.  
  .- Faster Algorithms for Ranking/Unranking Bordered and Unbordered Words.  
  .- Computing String Covers in Sublinear Time.  
  .- LZ78 Substring Compression with CDAWGs.  
  .- 2d Side-Sharing Tandems with Mismatches.  
  .- Faster and simpler online/sliding rightmost Lempel-Ziv factorizations.  
  .- Space-efficient SLP Encoding for O(log N)-time Random Access.  
  .- Simple Linear-time Repetition Factorization.  

 Show More    

 From the B&N Reads Blog   
 Page 1  of    

 Customer Reviews  

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

33. Conference SST_0:
Skip to content      

 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 SST 2024  
 SST2024  
   
  The 19th Australasian International Conference on  
  Speech Science and Technology  
   
  December 3rd-5th, Melbourne, Australia  

 The Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association  and the University of Melbourne are pleased to host the 19th Australasian International Conference on Speech Science and Technology (SST2024).  
 SST is an international interdisciplinary conference designed to foster collaboration among speech scientists, engineers, psycholinguists, audiologists, linguists, speech/language pathologists and industrial partners, and welcomes submissions from all areas of speech science and technology.  
 SST2024 will be held on the University of Melbourne campus, in Melbourne, Victoria. SST2024 will be held as an in-person event.  

 Important dates  

 Deadline for special sessions and tutorial proposals: | 8 April 
  Deadline for paper/abstract submission: | 10 June | 24 June 8 July (11:59pm Niue Time, UTC-11) 
  Notification of acceptance: | 26 August 
  Deadline for upload of revised submissions: | 23 September 
  Deadline for presenter registration: | 18 October 
  Deadline for early bird registration: | 31 October 
  Deadline for late registration: 24 November 
  Tutorial day: 2 December 2024 
  Conference: 3-5 December 2024 

 Keynote speakers  

 Professor Marija Tabain  , La Trobe University  
 Dr Rosey Billington  , Australian National University (Anne Cutler Lecture)  
 Associate Professor Sasha Calhoun  , Victoria University of Wellington  
 SocioPhonAus4  keynote speaker: Associate Professor Lynn Clark,  University of Canterbury   

 Hosted by:  

 School of Languages and Linguistics   

 Department of Biomedical Engineering   

 Faculty of Arts   

 Enquiries: [email protected]   

 Organising Committee  
 Olga Maxwell (Chair)  
  Debbie Loakes (Secretary)  
  David Grayden (Treasurer)  
  Yizhou Wang (Publicity)  
  John Hajek  
  Chloé Diskin-Holdaway  
  Janet Fletcher  
  Angelo Dian (Student Liaison)  
 Conference Support  
 Shuting Liu  

 Technical Program Committee  
 Olga Maxwell  
  Brett Baker  
  Helen Fraser  
  Colleen Holt  
  Rikke Bundgaard-Nielsen  
  James Walker  
  David Deterding  

 ASSTA Details  

 Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association  
  ABN: 90 905 029 500  
  G.P.O. Box 143, Canberra City, ACT, 2601  
  Email Us   

 © ASSTA  

 Designed by DevApp®   

   
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content      

 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 Call for papers  
 The Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association is pleased to call for papers for the 19th Australasian International Conference on Speech Science and Technology (SST2024).  
 Submissions are invited in all areas of speech science and technology, including:  
 Acoustic phonetics 
  Paralinguistics in speech and language 
  Applications of speech science and technology 
  Audiology 
  Computer assisted language learning 
  Corpus management and speech tools 
  First language acquisition 
  Forensic phonetics 
  Hearing and hearing impairment 
  Languages of Australia and Asia-Pacific (phonetics/phonology) 
  Low-resource languages 
  Pedagogical technologies for speech Second language acquisition 
  Sociophonetics 
  Speech signal processing, analysis, modelling and enhancement 
  Speech pathology 
  Speech perception 
  Speech production 
  Speech prosody, emotional speech, voice quality 
  Speech synthesis and speech recognition 
  Spoken language processing, translation, information retrieval and summarisation 
  Speaker and language recognition 
  Spoken dialog systems and analysis of conversation 
  Voice mechanisms, source-filter interactions 

 We are inviting two categories of submission  : 4-page papers (for oral or poster presentation, and publication in the proceedings; 4 pages plus references), and 1-page detailed abstracts (for poster presentation only).  
 Paper submission guidelines and access to EasyChair portal are available here  .  

 Invitation to submit to a special session   
 You are welcome to submit a 4-page paper to one of the special sessions:  
 Special session 1  : Sociophonetic variability in the English varieties of Australia (SocioPhonAus4)    
 Special session 2  : The phonetic expression of phonological length    
 Visit SST2024 special sessions  page for more information.  

 Tutorials and Special Sessions   
 Call for tutorials and special sessions is now closed.  

 Enquiries: [email protected]   

 ASSTA Details  

 Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association  
  ABN: 90 905 029 500  
  G.P.O. Box 143, Canberra City, ACT, 2601  
  Email Us   

 © ASSTA  

 Designed by DevApp®   

   Important dates data: 
undefined

34. Conference SSSC_1:
Login    Lost password ?  Create account 

 Main menu   
 Home     
 Aims & Scope     
 Venue     
 For Authors     
 Plenary Speakers     
 Committees     
 Registration     
 Awards     

 HELP   
 @ Contact | Welcome  
 The 9th IFAC Symposium on System Structure and Control (SSSC)  , 19th IFAC Workshop on Time Delay Systems (TDS)  , and 2nd IFAC Workshop on Control of Complex Systems (COSY)  will be held jointly in Gif-sur-Yvette, France, between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025.  
 The initial submission deadline is January 15th, 2025  . The notification of acceptance will be communicated on March 27th, 2025.  Final submission deadline is on April 30th, 2025  . The submission link at Papercept can be found at https://ifac.papercept.net/conferences/scripts/start.pl  . Contributions can be submitted as either an extended abstract (2 pages) or a full paper (minimum 4 and maximum 8 pages initial submission, 6 pages final submission), in A4 size and PDF format. Accepted papers will be published in IFAC Papers on-line. Abstract submissions will NOT be published in IFAC Papers on-line but will be included in the conference preprints.  
 The joint conference is planned to be an in-person event to be held at CentraleSupélec in the Paris-Saclay University campus in Gif-sur-Yvette between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025.  
 The aim of this joint event is to gather academics and professionals with a particular interest in system structure, control, linear and nonlinear system theory and to offer them a forum where to discuss current research developments and open problems, as well as to establish scientific networks with a focus on the mathematical structure of systems as well as on the limits it imposes on control systems design and performance.  

 Starting with 2013, the Symposium on System Structure and Control (SSSC) and the Workshop on Time Delay Systems (TDS) take place in the framework of “joint IFAC Conferences.” The novelty of this joint event is to include the Workshop on Control of Complex Systems (COSY). The present joint conference aims to achieve the same high-quality standard of IFAC. As for the previous editions, the National Organizing Committee (NOC) and the Program Editor are the same for the “joint IFAC Conference,” and the registration fees are unique for the entire event, allowing the participants to follow sessions of any of the symposium (SSSC) and workshops (TDS, COSY). The joint conference is structured across multiple tracks, each incorporating several special or regular sessions, poster sessions, and industry presentations and demonstrations. The paper proposals will undergo a standard peer-reviewing process. Accepted and presented papers will be included in the Conference Proceedings, which will be published in IFAC PapersOnLine.  

 About  
 History of SSSC  
 The origins of the meetings on Systems Structure and Control (SSC) under the technical sponsorship of IFAC go back to the IFAC workshops first held in Prague, Czech Republic, in 1989 and 1992 and subsequently in Nantes, France, in 1995 and 1998 as conferences. Also, in late 1997 a Conference on SSC, sponsored by IFAC, had been held in Bucharest, Romania. The meeting returned to Prague in 2001 as an IFAC symposium; its 2nd Edition was held in Oaxaca, Mexico, in 2004, the 3rd at Foz do Iguassu, Brazil, in 2007, the 4th in Ancona, Italy, in 2010, the 5th in Grenoble, France (2013), the 6th in Istanbul, Turkey (2016), the 7th in Sinaia, Romania (2019) and the 8th in Montréal, Canada (2022). In this way, the series of IFAC symposiums on Systems Structure and Control has been established, and the present edition is the 9th of the series to be held in Gif-sur-Yvette, France, between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025.  

 History of TDS  
 IFAC Workshop on Time Delay Systems brings together the scientific community in systems with time delay from theory to applications. Strong interest in this research area has culminated in a series of workshops, starting first in July 1998 (Grenoble, France) and followed by those in September 2000 (Ancona, Italy), December 2001 (Santa Fe, USA), September 2003 (Rocquencourt, France), September 2004 (Leuven, Belgium), July 2006 (L’Aquila, Italy), September 2007 (Nantes, France), September 2009 (Sinaia, Romania), June 2010 (Prague, Czech Republic), June 2012 (Boston, USA), February 2013 (Grenoble, France), June 2015 (Ann Arbor, USA), June 2016 (Istanbul, Turkey), June 2018 (Budapest, Hungary), September 2019 (Sinaia, Romania), September 2021 (Guangzhou, China), September 2022 (Montréal, Canada), September 2024 (Udine, Italy). In this way, the series of annual IFAC Workshops on Time Delay Systems has been established, and the present edition is the 19th of the series to be held in Gif-sur-Yvette, France, between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025.  
 History of COSY  
 The IFAC Workshop on Control of Complex Systems brings academics and professionals from the control community who share an interest in complex systems. The workshop’s goal is to offer them a forum where to discuss current research developments, open problems, emerging structural properties, and methodologies on the control of complex systems. The first edition of IFAC COSY will be held in Bologna, Italy, in November 2022, and the present edition is the 2nd of the series to be held in Gif-sur-Yvette, France, between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025.   

 Call for papers  
 Download the 2nd call for papers 

 Online user: 1 | Privacy |  

   Loading...   

   
Call for papers data: 
 

 PaperPlaza Conference Manuscript Management System  
 Home  Log In  PIN  Refresh    
 Help...   
  Pdf Test 
  Support 
  Contact Technical Support 
  About 

  Welcome to PaperPlaza, the International Federation of Automatic Control's Conference Submission and Review Management System  Login NOT required: | During initial submission cycle you "do not" need to login to the system to | submit a paper, session proposal, | or | other contribution | . To submit a paper to the conferences listed below you may follow the "Submit a contribution" link. 
  Login REQUIRED: | For | Administrative or Editorial activities | ; to | submit a review | or to | update reupload your paper, or to see the reviews of your paper | ; and to | submit the final version of your paper | you MUST log in. Once logged in, kindly use "Access" link to switch your roles. Follow the link | Log in 
  Personal Information: | Two additional fields ( | Employment status | and | Experience | ) have been added to your personal profile. Kindly update your personal information and fill these two fields. This information is requested to assist in allocating papers to potential reviewers with an appropriate level of background experience. 

 Journal and ­Upcoming Conferences 
 Please click here  to see important information about PINs, pdf compliance, browser settings, server security and spam filters at the bottom of the page  
  Download Get Started manuals for authors  and reviewers 
 Automatica | Automatica, the IFAC Journal    
  To submit a paper to Automatica, log in to access your workspace. To submit a paper to a conference, follow the link "Submit a contribution" for the conference. | Log in 
  If you do not have a PIN then register one  first 
 Conferences in 2024 
 E-COSM 2024 | 7th IFAC Conference on Engine and Powertrain Control, Simulation and Modeling   .  
  Oct 30 - Nov 1, 2024, Dalian, China | Submit a contribution to E-COSM 2024 
  E-COSM 2024 online program now available 
  My Program for E-COSM 2024 
  Contact the E-COSM 2024 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated June 25, 2024.   Submission deadline: June 30 
 CPHS 2024 | 5th IFAC Workshop on Cyber-Physical and Human Systems   .  
  December 12-13, 2024, Antalya, Turkey | Submit a contribution to CPHS 2024 
  CPHS 2024 online program now available 
  Contact the CPHS 2024 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 1, 2024.   Technical program currently under construction. 
 Conferences in 2025 
 MATHMOD 2025 | 11th Vienna International Conference on Mathematical Modelling   .  
  February 19-21, 2025, Vienna, Austria | Submit a contribution to MATHMOD 2025 
  Contact the MATHMOD 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated September 8, 2024.   Deadline for Submission is extended to October 6, 2024.   We are happy to announce that MATHMOD 2025 continues the conference series MATHMOD Vienna in February 2025. Detailed information can be found at https://www.mathmod.at  . 
 IAV 2025 | 12th IFAC Symposium on Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles   .  
  May 7-9, 2025, Phoenix, AZ, USA | Submit a contribution to IAV 2025 
  Contact the IAV 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated December 3, 2024.    
  Submissions are due by January 15, 2025 
 EDT 2025 | 1st IFAC Workshop on Engineering Diabetes Technologies   .  
  May 8-9, 2025, Valencia, Spain | Submit a contribution to EDT 2025 
  Contact the EDT 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 17, 2024.   Submission deadline is December 20. 
 NECSYS 2025 | 10th IFAC Conference on Networked Systems   .  
  June 2-5, 2025, HKUST, Hong Kong | Submit a contribution to NECSYS 2025 
  Contact the NECSYS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 27, 2024.    
  Submission deadline for all manuscripts is January 31, 2025. 
 DYCOPS 2025 | 14th IFAC Symposium on Dynamics and Control of Process Systems, including Biosystems   .  
  June 16-19, 2025, Bratislava, Slovakia | Submit a contribution to DYCOPS 2025 
  Contact the DYCOPS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated July 1, 2024.   Submission deadline: October 21, 2024  
  October 8, 2024 Initial submission deadline change:  Regular Paper November 4, 2024  
  October 28, 2024 Initial submission deadline change:  Regular Paper November 15, 2024 
 AAC 2025 | AAC 2025 11th IFAC International Symposium on Advances in Automotive Control   .  
  June 16-18, 2025, Eindhoven, Netherlands | Submit a contribution to AAC 2025 
  Contact the AAC 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 7, 2024.   Paper submission deadline: November 14, 2024  Deadline for submission is extended to December 8, 2024. This is the final extension! 
 ACE 2025 | 14th IFAC Symposium on Advances in Control Education   .  
  June 17-21, 2025, Budapest, Hungary | Submit a contribution to ACE 2025 
  Contact the ACE 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated December 1, 2024.   Conference is currently under configuration. Links will be available soon. 
 CPDE 2025 | 5th IFAC/IEEE-CSS Workshop on Control of Systems Governed by Partial Differential Equations   .  
  June 18-20, 2025, Beijing, China | Submit a contribution to CPDE 2025 
  Contact the CPDE 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated September 5, 2024.   The Conference CPDE 2025 is now available. Deadline for initial paper submissions is December 20th, 2024. 
 SENSYS 2025 | IFAC Workshop on Smart Energy Systems for Efficient and Sustainable Smart Grids and Smart Cities   .  
  June 18-20, 2025, Bari, Italy | Submit a contribution to SENSYS 2025 
  Contact the SENSYS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated September 28, 2024.   Submission deadline for Invited session proposal is Jan 15, 2025 and for regular and invited papers is Feb 15, 2025 
 MIM 2025 | 11th IFAC Conference on Manufacturing Modelling, Management and Control   .  
  June 30 - July 3, 2025, Trondheim, Norway | Submit a contribution to MIM 2025 
  Contact the MIM 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 1, 2024.   September 30, 2024 Initial submission deadline changes:  Invited Session Proposal October 4, 2024, Open Invited Track Proposal October 4, 2024, Special Session Proposal October 4, 2024 
 Joint SSSC, TDS, COSY 2025 | Joint 9th IFAC Symposium on System Structure and Control, 19th IFAC Workshop on Time Delay Systems and 2nd IFAC Workshop on Control of Complex Systems   .  
  June 30th - July 2nd, 2025, Gif-sur-Yvette, France | Contact the Joint SSSC, TDS, COSY 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 12, 2024.    
  Conference in currently under configuration. 
 ALCOS 2025 | 15th IFAC International Workshop on Adaptive and Learning Control Systems   .  
  July 2-4, 2025, Mexico City, Mexico | Submit a contribution to ALCOS 2025 
  Contact the ALCOS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated June 25, 2024.   Submission links will be available on October 1st, 2024.   
 Submission Deadline: January 5th, 2025. 
 Joint ROCOND 2025 & LPVS 2025 | Joint 11th IFAC Symposium on Robust Control Design and 6th IFAC Workshop on Linear Parameter Varying Systems   .  
  July 2-4, 2025, Porto, Portugal | Submit a contribution to Joint ROCOND 2025 & LPVS 2025 
  Contact the Joint ROCOND 2025 & LPVS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 1, 2024.   Joint ROCOND 2025, LPVS 2025 is now available. Submissions open Oct 15th 2024. 
 Joint MECHATRONICS 2025, ROBOTICS 2025 | Joint 10th IFAC Symposium on Mechatronic Systems and 14th Symposium on Robotics   .  
  July 15-18, 2025, Paris, France | Submit a contribution to Joint MECHATRONICS 2025, ROBOTICS 2025 
  Contact the Joint MECHATRONICS 2025, ROBOTICS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated September 27, 2024.   Submission deadline for full papers and extended abstracts is Dec. 15, while for session proposals, it is Dec. 10 
 NOLCOS 2025 | 13th IFAC Symposium on Nonlinear Control Systems   .  
  July 23-25, 2025, Reykjavík, Iceland | Submit a contribution to NOLCOS 2025 
  Contact the NOLCOS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated June 11, 2024.   Submission Deadline:  Contributed Paper November 30, 2024  
  Invited Session Proposal November 15, 2024  
  November 28, 2024 Initial submission deadline changes:  Contributed Paper December 31, 2024, Invited Session Proposal December 15, 2024, Invited Paper December 31, 2024 
 ACA 2025 | 23rd IFAC Symposium on Automatic Control in Aerospace   .  
  August 2-6, 2025, Harbin, China | Submit a contribution to ACA 2025 
  Contact the ACA 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 2, 2024.   Initial Submission Deadline for Contributed and Invited Papers is Feb 28, 2025 
 AGRICONTROL 2025 | 8th IFAC Conference on Sensing, Control and Automation Technologies for Agriculture   .  
  August 27-29, 2025, Davis, CA, USA | Submit a contribution to AGRICONTROL 2025 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 1, 2024.   Submissions are due by January 31, 2025 
 IMS 2025 | 15th IFAC Workshop on Intelligent Manufacturing Systems   .  
  September 11-12, 2025, Koszalin, Poland | Submit a contribution to IMS 2025 
  Contact the IMS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated July 9, 2024.   Submission deadline for papers is: Dec. 16, 2024. 
 J3C 2025 (EAAS2025, ICONS2025, TA2025) | 1st IFAC Joint Conference on Computers, Cognition, and Communication   .  
  September 15-17, 2025, Padova, Italy | Submit a contribution to J3C 2025 (EAAS2025, ICONS2025, TA2025) 
  Contact the J3C 2025 (EAAS2025, ICONS2025, TA2025) organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated February 23, 2022.   Submission links will be available soon 
 SIMS 2025 | The 66th International Conference of Scandinavian Simulation Society   .  
  September 23-24, 2025, Stavanger, Norway | Submit a contribution to SIMS 2025 
  Contact the SIMS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 17, 2024.   Submission deadline is December 20. 
 Conferences in 2026 
 IFAC Awards 2026 | IFAC Awards 2026 | IFAC Awards to be Awarded during 2026 World Congress   .  
  August 23-28, 2026, BEXCO, Busan, Korea | Submit a nomination to IFAC Awards 2026 
  Contact the IFAC Awards 2026 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated December 2, 2024.   Links for nominations for IFAC 2026 awards are now available. Nomination forms are available at https://www.ifac-control.org/awards/award-nominations-2024  . Note that nominators will need to invite colleagues to submit letters of support. A link for submitting such a letter will appear in letter writers' workspace AFTER the nominator has invited them to upload a letter of support. 

 PIN   
  Every participant in a conference served by this site, in any capacity  , must maintain a single  PIN and password. The same PIN must be  used for all conferences Follow the link | PIN | to register a PIN, to check and update your personal information, or to retrieve your password. You may also look up your co-authors' PINs or register PINs for them 
  To comply with the General Data Protection Regulation, the first time when you login to a new account, you will be directed to the required opt-in consent form before you can use your account in any capacity for products and services offered through this site 
  Each of our subdomains has its own people database. PINs are therefore only valid on the subdomain where they have been registered. | Pdf Compliance and On-Line Pdf Test   
  All papers submitted to conferences supported by this site need to be prepared as compliant pdf files Follow the link | Support | for MS Word templates and LaTeX style files, and for information about the correct settings to convert your MS Word or LaTeX file to compliant pdf 
  Use the on-line | pdf test | to validate your pdf file before trying to upload it | JavaScript and Cookies   
  For proper utilization of this portal, you must have JavaScript enabled on your browser. The portal solely relies on cookies to help tailor user experience. 
  We do not use or allow third party services to collect information about how users use our site. See the Section 'Use of Cookies' of the | Terms of Use | . 

 E-mail and Spam  Some anti-spam software mistakenly considers automated e-mail messages such as sent by this system spam. Instruct your anti-spam software to accept e-mail from ifac.101@papercept.net 
  The system is unable to follow up on requests from certain anti-spam software for sender confirmation. If your institution uses such software consider using a private e-mail address. You may list several e-mail addresses 
  Owing to sheer large numbers we are unable to follow up on the many e-mails sent by the system that are returned because of invalid e-mail addresses or overfull mailboxes | Supported Browsers   
  This site has been designed for and tested on recent versions of all major browsers, in particular Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge. Certain features may not work properly on unsupported browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari. | Journal and ­Upcoming Conferences | Please click here  to see important information about PINs, pdf compliance, browser settings, server security and spam filters at the bottom of the page  
  Download Get Started manuals for authors  and reviewers | Automatica | Automatica, the IFAC Journal    
  To submit a paper to Automatica, log in to access your workspace. To submit a paper to a conference, follow the link "Submit a contribution" for the conference. | Log in 
  If you do not have a PIN then register one  first | Conferences in 2024 | E-COSM 2024 | 7th IFAC Conference on Engine and Powertrain Control, Simulation and Modeling   .  
  Oct 30 - Nov 1, 2024, Dalian, China | Submit a contribution to E-COSM 2024 
  E-COSM 2024 online program now available 
  My Program for E-COSM 2024 
  Contact the E-COSM 2024 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated June 25, 2024.   Submission deadline: June 30 | CPHS 2024 | 5th IFAC Workshop on Cyber-Physical and Human Systems   .  
  December 12-13, 2024, Antalya, Turkey | Submit a contribution to CPHS 2024 
  CPHS 2024 online program now available 
  Contact the CPHS 2024 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated October 1, 2024.   Technical program currently under construction. | Conferences in 2025 | MATHMOD 2025 | 11th Vienna International Conference on Mathematical Modelling   .  
  February 19-21, 2025, Vienna, Austria | Submit a contribution to MATHMOD 2025 
  Contact the MATHMOD 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated September 8, 2024.   Deadline for Submission is extended to October 6, 2024.   We are happy to announce that MATHMOD 2025 continues the conference series MATHMOD Vienna in February 2025. Detailed information can be found at https://www.mathmod.at  . | IAV 2025 | 12th IFAC Symposium on Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles   .  
  May 7-9, 2025, Phoenix, AZ, USA | Submit a contribution to IAV 2025 
  Contact the IAV 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated December 3, 2024.    
  Submissions are due by January 15, 2025 | EDT 2025 | 1st IFAC Workshop on Engineering Diabetes Technologies   .  
  May 8-9, 2025, Valencia, Spain | Submit a contribution to EDT 2025 
  Contact the EDT 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated October 17, 2024.   Submission deadline is December 20. | NECSYS 2025 | 10th IFAC Conference on Networked Systems   .  
  June 2-5, 2025, HKUST, Hong Kong | Submit a contribution to NECSYS 2025 
  Contact the NECSYS 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated November 27, 2024.    
  Submission deadline for all manuscripts is January 31, 2025. | DYCOPS 2025 | 14th IFAC Symposium on Dynamics and Control of Process Systems, including Biosystems   .  
  June 16-19, 2025, Bratislava, Slovakia | Submit a contribution to DYCOPS 2025 
  Contact the DYCOPS 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated July 1, 2024.   Submission deadline: October 21, 2024  
  October 8, 2024 Initial submission deadline change:  Regular Paper November 4, 2024  
  October 28, 2024 Initial submission deadline change:  Regular Paper November 15, 2024 | AAC 2025 | AAC 2025 11th IFAC International Symposium on Advances in Automotive Control   .  
  June 16-18, 2025, Eindhoven, Netherlands | Submit a contribution to AAC 2025 
  Contact the AAC 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated November 7, 2024.   Paper submission deadline: November 14, 2024  Deadline for submission is extended to December 8, 2024. This is the final extension! | ACE 2025 | 14th IFAC Symposium on Advances in Control Education   .  
  June 17-21, 2025, Budapest, Hungary | Submit a contribution to ACE 2025 
  Contact the ACE 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated December 1, 2024.   Conference is currently under configuration. Links will be available soon. | CPDE 2025 | 5th IFAC/IEEE-CSS Workshop on Control of Systems Governed by Partial Differential Equations   .  
  June 18-20, 2025, Beijing, China | Submit a contribution to CPDE 2025 
  Contact the CPDE 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated September 5, 2024.   The Conference CPDE 2025 is now available. Deadline for initial paper submissions is December 20th, 2024. | SENSYS 2025 | IFAC Workshop on Smart Energy Systems for Efficient and Sustainable Smart Grids and Smart Cities   .  
  June 18-20, 2025, Bari, Italy | Submit a contribution to SENSYS 2025 
  Contact the SENSYS 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated September 28, 2024.   Submission deadline for Invited session proposal is Jan 15, 2025 and for regular and invited papers is Feb 15, 2025 | MIM 2025 | 11th IFAC Conference on Manufacturing Modelling, Management and Control   .  
  June 30 - July 3, 2025, Trondheim, Norway | Submit a contribution to MIM 2025 
  Contact the MIM 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated October 1, 2024.   September 30, 2024 Initial submission deadline changes:  Invited Session Proposal October 4, 2024, Open Invited Track Proposal October 4, 2024, Special Session Proposal October 4, 2024 | Joint SSSC, TDS, COSY 2025 | Joint 9th IFAC Symposium on System Structure and Control, 19th IFAC Workshop on Time Delay Systems and 2nd IFAC Workshop on Control of Complex Systems   .  
  June 30th - July 2nd, 2025, Gif-sur-Yvette, France | Contact the Joint SSSC, TDS, COSY 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated November 12, 2024.    
  Conference in currently under configuration. | ALCOS 2025 | 15th IFAC International Workshop on Adaptive and Learning Control Systems   .  
  July 2-4, 2025, Mexico City, Mexico | Submit a contribution to ALCOS 2025 
  Contact the ALCOS 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated June 25, 2024.   Submission links will be available on October 1st, 2024.   
 Submission Deadline: January 5th, 2025. | Joint ROCOND 2025 & LPVS 2025 | Joint 11th IFAC Symposium on Robust Control Design and 6th IFAC Workshop on Linear Parameter Varying Systems   .  
  July 2-4, 2025, Porto, Portugal | Submit a contribution to Joint ROCOND 2025 & LPVS 2025 
  Contact the Joint ROCOND 2025 & LPVS 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated October 1, 2024.   Joint ROCOND 2025, LPVS 2025 is now available. Submissions open Oct 15th 2024. | Joint MECHATRONICS 2025, ROBOTICS 2025 | Joint 10th IFAC Symposium on Mechatronic Systems and 14th Symposium on Robotics   .  
  July 15-18, 2025, Paris, France | Submit a contribution to Joint MECHATRONICS 2025, ROBOTICS 2025 
  Contact the Joint MECHATRONICS 2025, ROBOTICS 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated September 27, 2024.   Submission deadline for full papers and extended abstracts is Dec. 15, while for session proposals, it is Dec. 10 | NOLCOS 2025 | 13th IFAC Symposium on Nonlinear Control Systems   .  
  July 23-25, 2025, Reykjavík, Iceland | Submit a contribution to NOLCOS 2025 
  Contact the NOLCOS 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated June 11, 2024.   Submission Deadline:  Contributed Paper November 30, 2024  
  Invited Session Proposal November 15, 2024  
  November 28, 2024 Initial submission deadline changes:  Contributed Paper December 31, 2024, Invited Session Proposal December 15, 2024, Invited Paper December 31, 2024 | ACA 2025 | 23rd IFAC Symposium on Automatic Control in Aerospace   .  
  August 2-6, 2025, Harbin, China | Submit a contribution to ACA 2025 
  Contact the ACA 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated November 2, 2024.   Initial Submission Deadline for Contributed and Invited Papers is Feb 28, 2025 | AGRICONTROL 2025 | 8th IFAC Conference on Sensing, Control and Automation Technologies for Agriculture   .  
  August 27-29, 2025, Davis, CA, USA | Submit a contribution to AGRICONTROL 2025 
  Log in | Last updated November 1, 2024.   Submissions are due by January 31, 2025 | IMS 2025 | 15th IFAC Workshop on Intelligent Manufacturing Systems   .  
  September 11-12, 2025, Koszalin, Poland | Submit a contribution to IMS 2025 
  Contact the IMS 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated July 9, 2024.   Submission deadline for papers is: Dec. 16, 2024. | J3C 2025 (EAAS2025, ICONS2025, TA2025) | 1st IFAC Joint Conference on Computers, Cognition, and Communication   .  
  September 15-17, 2025, Padova, Italy | Submit a contribution to J3C 2025 (EAAS2025, ICONS2025, TA2025) 
  Contact the J3C 2025 (EAAS2025, ICONS2025, TA2025) organizers 
  Log in | Last updated February 23, 2022.   Submission links will be available soon | SIMS 2025 | The 66th International Conference of Scandinavian Simulation Society   .  
  September 23-24, 2025, Stavanger, Norway | Submit a contribution to SIMS 2025 
  Contact the SIMS 2025 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated October 17, 2024.   Submission deadline is December 20. | Conferences in 2026 | IFAC Awards 2026 | IFAC Awards 2026 | IFAC Awards to be Awarded during 2026 World Congress   .  
  August 23-28, 2026, BEXCO, Busan, Korea | Submit a nomination to IFAC Awards 2026 
  Contact the IFAC Awards 2026 organizers 
  Log in | Last updated December 2, 2024.   Links for nominations for IFAC 2026 awards are now available. Nomination forms are available at https://www.ifac-control.org/awards/award-nominations-2024  . Note that nominators will need to invite colleagues to submit letters of support. A link for submitting such a letter will appear in letter writers' workspace AFTER the nominator has invited them to upload a letter of support. | PIN   
  Every participant in a conference served by this site, in any capacity  , must maintain a single  PIN and password. The same PIN must be  used for all conferences Follow the link | PIN | to register a PIN, to check and update your personal information, or to retrieve your password. You may also look up your co-authors' PINs or register PINs for them 
  To comply with the General Data Protection Regulation, the first time when you login to a new account, you will be directed to the required opt-in consent form before you can use your account in any capacity for products and services offered through this site 
  Each of our subdomains has its own people database. PINs are therefore only valid on the subdomain where they have been registered. | Pdf Compliance and On-Line Pdf Test   
  All papers submitted to conferences supported by this site need to be prepared as compliant pdf files Follow the link | Support | for MS Word templates and LaTeX style files, and for information about the correct settings to convert your MS Word or LaTeX file to compliant pdf 
  Use the on-line | pdf test | to validate your pdf file before trying to upload it | JavaScript and Cookies   
  For proper utilization of this portal, you must have JavaScript enabled on your browser. The portal solely relies on cookies to help tailor user experience. 
  We do not use or allow third party services to collect information about how users use our site. See the Section 'Use of Cookies' of the | Terms of Use | . | E-mail and Spam  Some anti-spam software mistakenly considers automated e-mail messages such as sent by this system spam. Instruct your anti-spam software to accept e-mail from ifac.101@papercept.net 
  The system is unable to follow up on requests from certain anti-spam software for sender confirmation. If your institution uses such software consider using a private e-mail address. You may list several e-mail addresses 
  Owing to sheer large numbers we are unable to follow up on the many e-mails sent by the system that are returned because of invalid e-mail addresses or overfull mailboxes | Supported Browsers   
  This site has been designed for and tested on recent versions of all major browsers, in particular Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge. Certain features may not work properly on unsupported browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari. |  
 Journal and ­Upcoming Conferences 
 Please click here  to see important information about PINs, pdf compliance, browser settings, server security and spam filters at the bottom of the page  
  Download Get Started manuals for authors  and reviewers 
 Automatica | Automatica, the IFAC Journal    
  To submit a paper to Automatica, log in to access your workspace. To submit a paper to a conference, follow the link "Submit a contribution" for the conference. | Log in 
  If you do not have a PIN then register one  first 
 Conferences in 2024 
 E-COSM 2024 | 7th IFAC Conference on Engine and Powertrain Control, Simulation and Modeling   .  
  Oct 30 - Nov 1, 2024, Dalian, China | Submit a contribution to E-COSM 2024 
  E-COSM 2024 online program now available 
  My Program for E-COSM 2024 
  Contact the E-COSM 2024 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated June 25, 2024.   Submission deadline: June 30 
 CPHS 2024 | 5th IFAC Workshop on Cyber-Physical and Human Systems   .  
  December 12-13, 2024, Antalya, Turkey | Submit a contribution to CPHS 2024 
  CPHS 2024 online program now available 
  Contact the CPHS 2024 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 1, 2024.   Technical program currently under construction. 
 Conferences in 2025 
 MATHMOD 2025 | 11th Vienna International Conference on Mathematical Modelling   .  
  February 19-21, 2025, Vienna, Austria | Submit a contribution to MATHMOD 2025 
  Contact the MATHMOD 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated September 8, 2024.   Deadline for Submission is extended to October 6, 2024.   We are happy to announce that MATHMOD 2025 continues the conference series MATHMOD Vienna in February 2025. Detailed information can be found at https://www.mathmod.at  . 
 IAV 2025 | 12th IFAC Symposium on Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles   .  
  May 7-9, 2025, Phoenix, AZ, USA | Submit a contribution to IAV 2025 
  Contact the IAV 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated December 3, 2024.    
  Submissions are due by January 15, 2025 
 EDT 2025 | 1st IFAC Workshop on Engineering Diabetes Technologies   .  
  May 8-9, 2025, Valencia, Spain | Submit a contribution to EDT 2025 
  Contact the EDT 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 17, 2024.   Submission deadline is December 20. 
 NECSYS 2025 | 10th IFAC Conference on Networked Systems   .  
  June 2-5, 2025, HKUST, Hong Kong | Submit a contribution to NECSYS 2025 
  Contact the NECSYS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 27, 2024.    
  Submission deadline for all manuscripts is January 31, 2025. 
 DYCOPS 2025 | 14th IFAC Symposium on Dynamics and Control of Process Systems, including Biosystems   .  
  June 16-19, 2025, Bratislava, Slovakia | Submit a contribution to DYCOPS 2025 
  Contact the DYCOPS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated July 1, 2024.   Submission deadline: October 21, 2024  
  October 8, 2024 Initial submission deadline change:  Regular Paper November 4, 2024  
  October 28, 2024 Initial submission deadline change:  Regular Paper November 15, 2024 
 AAC 2025 | AAC 2025 11th IFAC International Symposium on Advances in Automotive Control   .  
  June 16-18, 2025, Eindhoven, Netherlands | Submit a contribution to AAC 2025 
  Contact the AAC 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 7, 2024.   Paper submission deadline: November 14, 2024  Deadline for submission is extended to December 8, 2024. This is the final extension! 
 ACE 2025 | 14th IFAC Symposium on Advances in Control Education   .  
  June 17-21, 2025, Budapest, Hungary | Submit a contribution to ACE 2025 
  Contact the ACE 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated December 1, 2024.   Conference is currently under configuration. Links will be available soon. 
 CPDE 2025 | 5th IFAC/IEEE-CSS Workshop on Control of Systems Governed by Partial Differential Equations   .  
  June 18-20, 2025, Beijing, China | Submit a contribution to CPDE 2025 
  Contact the CPDE 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated September 5, 2024.   The Conference CPDE 2025 is now available. Deadline for initial paper submissions is December 20th, 2024. 
 SENSYS 2025 | IFAC Workshop on Smart Energy Systems for Efficient and Sustainable Smart Grids and Smart Cities   .  
  June 18-20, 2025, Bari, Italy | Submit a contribution to SENSYS 2025 
  Contact the SENSYS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated September 28, 2024.   Submission deadline for Invited session proposal is Jan 15, 2025 and for regular and invited papers is Feb 15, 2025 
 MIM 2025 | 11th IFAC Conference on Manufacturing Modelling, Management and Control   .  
  June 30 - July 3, 2025, Trondheim, Norway | Submit a contribution to MIM 2025 
  Contact the MIM 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 1, 2024.   September 30, 2024 Initial submission deadline changes:  Invited Session Proposal October 4, 2024, Open Invited Track Proposal October 4, 2024, Special Session Proposal October 4, 2024 
 Joint SSSC, TDS, COSY 2025 | Joint 9th IFAC Symposium on System Structure and Control, 19th IFAC Workshop on Time Delay Systems and 2nd IFAC Workshop on Control of Complex Systems   .  
  June 30th - July 2nd, 2025, Gif-sur-Yvette, France | Contact the Joint SSSC, TDS, COSY 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 12, 2024.    
  Conference in currently under configuration. 
 ALCOS 2025 | 15th IFAC International Workshop on Adaptive and Learning Control Systems   .  
  July 2-4, 2025, Mexico City, Mexico | Submit a contribution to ALCOS 2025 
  Contact the ALCOS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated June 25, 2024.   Submission links will be available on October 1st, 2024.   
 Submission Deadline: January 5th, 2025. 
 Joint ROCOND 2025 & LPVS 2025 | Joint 11th IFAC Symposium on Robust Control Design and 6th IFAC Workshop on Linear Parameter Varying Systems   .  
  July 2-4, 2025, Porto, Portugal | Submit a contribution to Joint ROCOND 2025 & LPVS 2025 
  Contact the Joint ROCOND 2025 & LPVS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 1, 2024.   Joint ROCOND 2025, LPVS 2025 is now available. Submissions open Oct 15th 2024. 
 Joint MECHATRONICS 2025, ROBOTICS 2025 | Joint 10th IFAC Symposium on Mechatronic Systems and 14th Symposium on Robotics   .  
  July 15-18, 2025, Paris, France | Submit a contribution to Joint MECHATRONICS 2025, ROBOTICS 2025 
  Contact the Joint MECHATRONICS 2025, ROBOTICS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated September 27, 2024.   Submission deadline for full papers and extended abstracts is Dec. 15, while for session proposals, it is Dec. 10 
 NOLCOS 2025 | 13th IFAC Symposium on Nonlinear Control Systems   .  
  July 23-25, 2025, Reykjavík, Iceland | Submit a contribution to NOLCOS 2025 
  Contact the NOLCOS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated June 11, 2024.   Submission Deadline:  Contributed Paper November 30, 2024  
  Invited Session Proposal November 15, 2024  
  November 28, 2024 Initial submission deadline changes:  Contributed Paper December 31, 2024, Invited Session Proposal December 15, 2024, Invited Paper December 31, 2024 
 ACA 2025 | 23rd IFAC Symposium on Automatic Control in Aerospace   .  
  August 2-6, 2025, Harbin, China | Submit a contribution to ACA 2025 
  Contact the ACA 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 2, 2024.   Initial Submission Deadline for Contributed and Invited Papers is Feb 28, 2025 
 AGRICONTROL 2025 | 8th IFAC Conference on Sensing, Control and Automation Technologies for Agriculture   .  
  August 27-29, 2025, Davis, CA, USA | Submit a contribution to AGRICONTROL 2025 
  Log in 
 Last updated November 1, 2024.   Submissions are due by January 31, 2025 
 IMS 2025 | 15th IFAC Workshop on Intelligent Manufacturing Systems   .  
  September 11-12, 2025, Koszalin, Poland | Submit a contribution to IMS 2025 
  Contact the IMS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated July 9, 2024.   Submission deadline for papers is: Dec. 16, 2024. 
 J3C 2025 (EAAS2025, ICONS2025, TA2025) | 1st IFAC Joint Conference on Computers, Cognition, and Communication   .  
  September 15-17, 2025, Padova, Italy | Submit a contribution to J3C 2025 (EAAS2025, ICONS2025, TA2025) 
  Contact the J3C 2025 (EAAS2025, ICONS2025, TA2025) organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated February 23, 2022.   Submission links will be available soon 
 SIMS 2025 | The 66th International Conference of Scandinavian Simulation Society   .  
  September 23-24, 2025, Stavanger, Norway | Submit a contribution to SIMS 2025 
  Contact the SIMS 2025 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated October 17, 2024.   Submission deadline is December 20. 
 Conferences in 2026 
 IFAC Awards 2026 | IFAC Awards 2026 | IFAC Awards to be Awarded during 2026 World Congress   .  
  August 23-28, 2026, BEXCO, Busan, Korea | Submit a nomination to IFAC Awards 2026 
  Contact the IFAC Awards 2026 organizers 
  Log in 
 Last updated December 2, 2024.   Links for nominations for IFAC 2026 awards are now available. Nomination forms are available at https://www.ifac-control.org/awards/award-nominations-2024  . Note that nominators will need to invite colleagues to submit letters of support. A link for submitting such a letter will appear in letter writers' workspace AFTER the nominator has invited them to upload a letter of support. 
 PIN   
  Every participant in a conference served by this site, in any capacity  , must maintain a single  PIN and password. The same PIN must be  used for all conferences Follow the link | PIN | to register a PIN, to check and update your personal information, or to retrieve your password. You may also look up your co-authors' PINs or register PINs for them 
  To comply with the General Data Protection Regulation, the first time when you login to a new account, you will be directed to the required opt-in consent form before you can use your account in any capacity for products and services offered through this site 
  Each of our subdomains has its own people database. PINs are therefore only valid on the subdomain where they have been registered. | Pdf Compliance and On-Line Pdf Test   
  All papers submitted to conferences supported by this site need to be prepared as compliant pdf files Follow the link | Support | for MS Word templates and LaTeX style files, and for information about the correct settings to convert your MS Word or LaTeX file to compliant pdf 
  Use the on-line | pdf test | to validate your pdf file before trying to upload it | JavaScript and Cookies   
  For proper utilization of this portal, you must have JavaScript enabled on your browser. The portal solely relies on cookies to help tailor user experience. 
  We do not use or allow third party services to collect information about how users use our site. See the Section 'Use of Cookies' of the | Terms of Use | . 
 E-mail and Spam  Some anti-spam software mistakenly considers automated e-mail messages such as sent by this system spam. Instruct your anti-spam software to accept e-mail from ifac.101@papercept.net 
  The system is unable to follow up on requests from certain anti-spam software for sender confirmation. If your institution uses such software consider using a private e-mail address. You may list several e-mail addresses 
  Owing to sheer large numbers we are unable to follow up on the many e-mails sent by the system that are returned because of invalid e-mail addresses or overfull mailboxes | Supported Browsers   
  This site has been designed for and tested on recent versions of all major browsers, in particular Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge. Certain features may not work properly on unsupported browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari. 
 Technical Content Copyright © IFAC. All rights reserved. 
 This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law.  
  All rights reserved. © 2002-2024 PaperCept, Inc.  
  Page generated 2024-12-05 03:41:56 PST Terms of use 

  Important dates data: 
undefined

35. Conference SSSC_2:
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

36. Conference SSTD_0:
Home 
  Officers 
  Submit 
  Program 
  Attend 
   
 About 
  Dates 
  News 

 18th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Data  
 23-25 August 2023  
  Calgary, Alberta, Canada  

 The International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Data 2023 (SSTD 2023) is the eighteenth event of a series of biannual symposia that discuss new and exciting research in spatial, temporal and spatio-temporal data management and related technologies with the goal to set future research directions. The primary focus of SSTD symposia is on original results in the areas of theoretical foundations, design implementation, and applications of spatial and temporal database technology. SSTD also welcomes experience reports from application specialists and the commercial community that describe lessons learned in the development operation, and maintenance of actual systems in practical and innovative applications. The goal is to exchange research ideas and results across academia, industry and government from diverse geographies, and career stages.  
 SSTD 2023 will be held in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, 23-25 August 2023.  

 Sponsors  

 Important Dates  

 Abstract submission (all tracks):  April 29, 2023  May 20, 2023 (Firm)   
  Paper submission deadline (all tracks):  May 6, 2023  May 20, 2023 (Firm)   
  Notification date:  June 30, 2023   
  Camera-ready:  July 23, 2023  July 30, 2023   
   
  Deadlines refer to 23:59 in the AoE (Anywhere on Earth) time zone.  
   
 Conference  
  
 23-25 August, 2023   

 News  

 (19.07.2023) The Keynotes have been announced. Find more information | here | . 
  (19.07.2023) The registration for SSTD'23 is now open. Find more information | here | . 
  (03.07.2023) The list of accepted papers is available. | Accepted papers 
  (08.05.2023) The submission deadline for SSTD'23 has been extended. New deadline: 20 May 2023 (abstract and submission) 
  (01.05.2023) The submission deadline for SSTD'23 has been extended. New deadline: 13 May 2023 (abstract and submission) 
  (28.04.2023) The SSTD'23 submission deadline for abstracts is tomorrow. 
  (18.04.2023) The Program Committee of SSTD'23 has been announced. Don't forget! deadline for submissions: 6 May, 2023 
  (25.03.2023) The website for SSTD'23 is up and running. 

 Design: | HTML5 UP 

   
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
Home 
  Officers 
  Submit 
  Program 
  Attend 
   
 About 
  Dates 
  News 

 18th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Data  
 23-25 August 2023  
  Calgary, Alberta, Canada  

 The International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Data 2023 (SSTD 2023) is the eighteenth event of a series of biannual symposia that discuss new and exciting research in spatial, temporal and spatio-temporal data management and related technologies with the goal to set future research directions. The primary focus of SSTD symposia is on original results in the areas of theoretical foundations, design implementation, and applications of spatial and temporal database technology. SSTD also welcomes experience reports from application specialists and the commercial community that describe lessons learned in the development operation, and maintenance of actual systems in practical and innovative applications. The goal is to exchange research ideas and results across academia, industry and government from diverse geographies, and career stages.  
 SSTD 2023 will be held in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, 23-25 August 2023.  

 Sponsors  

 Important Dates  

 Abstract submission (all tracks):  April 29, 2023  May 20, 2023 (Firm)   
  Paper submission deadline (all tracks):  May 6, 2023  May 20, 2023 (Firm)   
  Notification date:  June 30, 2023   
  Camera-ready:  July 23, 2023  July 30, 2023   
   
  Deadlines refer to 23:59 in the AoE (Anywhere on Earth) time zone.  
   
 Conference  
  
 23-25 August, 2023   

 News  

 (19.07.2023) The Keynotes have been announced. Find more information | here | . 
  (19.07.2023) The registration for SSTD'23 is now open. Find more information | here | . 
  (03.07.2023) The list of accepted papers is available. | Accepted papers 
  (08.05.2023) The submission deadline for SSTD'23 has been extended. New deadline: 20 May 2023 (abstract and submission) 
  (01.05.2023) The submission deadline for SSTD'23 has been extended. New deadline: 13 May 2023 (abstract and submission) 
  (28.04.2023) The SSTD'23 submission deadline for abstracts is tomorrow. 
  (18.04.2023) The Program Committee of SSTD'23 has been announced. Don't forget! deadline for submissions: 6 May, 2023 
  (25.03.2023) The website for SSTD'23 is up and running. 

 Design: | HTML5 UP

37. Conference SSTD_1:
Program Committee Memberships of Dimitris Papadias     

 2025    
  ACM SIGMOD, 2025.    
 Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2025.    
 IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2024, area chair.     
     
 2024    
   Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2024.    
 IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2024, area chair.    
 International Conference on Extending Database Technology (EDBT), 2024.    
 International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2024.    
 ACM SIGSPATIAL Vision and Data Resources Tracks, 2024.  
   ACM SIGSPATIAL LocalRec  Workshop 2024.  

 2023    
  ACM SIGMOD, 2023.    
 IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2023.    
 ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS, 2023.    
 ACM SIGSPATIAL LocalRec  Workshop 2023.    
 International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2023.    
 International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2023.    
     
 2022    
  ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS, 2022.    
 International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2022.    
 Conference on Spatial Information Theory (COSIT), 2022.    
     
 2021    
  Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2021.  
  IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2021.    
 ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS, 2021.  
  26th International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA), Senior PC member, 2021.  
  International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2021.  
  International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2021.  
   
  2020   
  ACM SIGMOD, 2020.  
  IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2020.  
  ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS 2020.  
  ACM WS on Managing and Mining Enriched Geo-Spatial Data ( GeoRich  ), 2020.  
  International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2020.  
   
  2019   
  Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2019.  
  IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2019.  
  VLDB PhD symposium, 2019.  
  ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS 2019.    
 ACM SIGSPATIAL LocalRec  Workshop, 2019.  
  International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2019.  
  19th International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2019.    
 14th Conference on Spatial Information Theory (COSIT), 2019.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2019.  
   
  2018   
  ACM SIGMOD, 2018.  
  ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS 2018.  
  18th International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2018.  
  IEEE International Conference on Big Knowledge (ICBK), 2018.  
  International Conference on Geographic Information Science ( GIScience  ), 2018.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2018.  
   
  2017   
  ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS 2017.  
  International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2017.  
  18th International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2017.  
  IEEE International Conference on Big Knowledge (ICBK), 2017.  
  ACM WS on Managing and Mining Enriched Geo-Spatial Data ( GeoRich  ), 2017.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2017 (PC Chair).  
   
  2016   
  ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS 2016.  
  17th International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2016.  
  ACM WS on Managing and Mining Enriched Geo-Spatial Data ( GeoRich  ), 2016.  
   
  2015   
  Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2015.  
  IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2015.  
  20th International Conference for Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA), 2015 (Senior Member).  
  ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS 2015.  
  International Symposium on Large Spatio-Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2015.  
  ACM WS on Managing and Mining Enriched Geo-Spatial Data ( GeoRich  ), 2015.  
  18th International Workshop on the Web and Databases ( WebDB  ), 2015.  
   
  2014   
  ACM SIGMOD, 2014.  
  EDBT, 2014.  
  ACM SIGSPATIAL GIS 2014.  
  8th International Conference on Geographic Information Science ( GIScience  ), 2014.  
  ACM WS on Managing and Mining Enriched Geo-Spatial Data ( GeoRich  ), 2014.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2014.   
    
  2013   
  ACM SIGMOD, 2013 (PC Chair).  
  13th International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2013.  
  14th International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM) - PhD Forum 2013.  
  International Workshop on Semantic and Conceptual Issues in Geographic Information Systems ( SeCoGIS  ), 2013.  
   
  2012   
  Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2012.  
  IEEE Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management (SSDBM), 2012.  
  7th International Conference on Geographic Information Science ( GIScience  ), 2012.   
   International Workshop on Semantic and Conceptual Issues in Geographic Information Systems ( SeCoGIS  ), 2012.   
   International Workshop on Spatial and Spatiotemporal Data Mining (SSTDM), 2012.   
   Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2012.   
    
  2011    
  Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2011.  
  IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2011.  
  20th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management (CIKM), 2011.  
  12th International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2011.  
  International Workshop on Semantic and Conceptual Issues in Geographic Information Systems ( SeCoGIS  ), 2011.   
   International Workshop on Spatial and Spatiotemporal Data Mining (SSTDM), 2011.   
   Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2011.   
   
    2010    
  Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2010.  
  IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2010.  
  11th International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2010.  
  IEEE Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management (SSDBM), 2010.  
  6th International Conference on Geographic Information Science ( GIScience  ), 2010.   
   International Conference on Spatial Cognition (SC), 2010.   
   ACM Cloud Computing Security Workshop (CCSW), 2010.   
   International Workshop on Semantic and Conceptual Issues in Geographic Information Systems ( SeCoGIS  ), 2010.   
   Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2010.   
    
  2009    
  ACM SIGMOD, 2009.  
  IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2009.  
  11th International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2009.  
  ACM GIS, 2009.  
  10th International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2009.   
   ACM Cloud Computing Security Workshop (CCSW), 2009.   
   SIGMOD Workshop on Keyword Search on Structured Data (KEYS), 2009.   
   International Workshop on Semantic and Conceptual Issues in Geographic Information Systems ( SeCoGIS  ), 2009.   
   International Workshop on Spatial and Spatiotemporal Data Mining (SSTDM), 2009.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2009.   
   
   2008  
    IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2008 (PC vice-chair).   
   9th International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2008.  
  IEEE Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management (SSDBM), 2008.  
  ICDE International Workshop on Ranking in Databases ( DBRank  ), 2008.  
  ACM GIS, 2008.   
   5th International Conference on Geographic Information Science ( GIScience  ), 2008.   
   International Conference on Spatial Cognition (SC), 2008.   
   International Workshop on Semantic and Conceptual Issues in Geographic Information Systems ( SeCoGIS  ), 2008.   
   International Conference on Management of Data (COMAD), 2008.   
   International Workshop on Knowledge of Data Engineering (KDE), 2008.  
  International Workshop on Spatial and Spatial-Temporal Data Mining (SSTDM), 2008.   
   International Conference on Information Security and Assurance - Special Session (SPPC), 2008.   
   Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2008.  
   
  2007   
  10th International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2007 (PC co-chair).  
  ACM SIGMOD, 2007.  
  Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2007.  
  IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2007.   
   IEEE Conference on Data Mining (ICDM), 2007.  
  IEEE Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management (SSDBM), 2007.   
   ACM GIS, 2007.  
  8th Conference on Spatial Information Theory (COSIT), 2007.   
   ICDE International Workshop on Ranking in Databases ( DBRank  ), 2007.   
   ICDM Workshop on Mining Spatial and Spatio  -temporal Data (SSTDM), 2007.  
  International Workshop on Application and Security Service in Web and Pervasive Environments (ASWAN), 2007.  
  International Workshop on Security Modeling in Pervasive Computing (SMP), 2007.  
  7th International Workshop on Web and Wireless GIS (W2GIS), 2007.  
  International Workshop on Privacy-Aware Location-based Mobile Services (PALMS), 2007.  
  Workshop on Spatial and Spatio  -Temporal Data Management for Visualization, Analysis and Mining (SSTDM-VAM), 2007.   
   International Workshop on Semantic and Conceptual Issues in Geographic Information Systems ( SeCoGIS  ), 2007.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2007.   
    
  2006    
  ACM SIGMOD, 2006.  
  Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2006.  
  ACM International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (SIGKDD), 2006.  
  International Conference on Extending Database Technology (EDBT), 2006.  
   15th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management (CIKM), 2006.  
  ACM GIS, 2006.  
  4th International Conference on Geographic Information Science ( GIScience  ), 2006.  
  9th ACM International Workshop on Data Warehousing and OLAP (DOLAP) 2006.  
  3rd International Workshop on Spatio  -Temporal Database Management (STDBM), 2006.  
  ICDM Workshop on Mining Spatial and Spatio  -temporal Data (SSTDM), 2006.  
  International Workshop on Semantic-based GIS ( SeBGIS  ), 2006.  
  6th International Workshop on Web and Wireless GIS (W2GIS), 2006.  
  International Conference of Information Resources Management Association (IRMA), 2006.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2006.  
    
    2005     
   9th International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2005.  
  IEEE International Conference of Data Mining (ICDM), 2005.  
  14th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management (CIKM), 2005.  
  ACM GIS, 2005.  
  8th ACM International Workshop on Data Warehousing and OLAP (DOLAP) 2005.  
  7th International Conference on Data Warehousing and Knowledge Discovery ( DaWak  ), 2005.  
  7th Conference on Spatial Information Theory (COSIT), 2005.  
  16th IEEE Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management (SSDBM), 2005.  
  International Conference on Database and Expert System Applications (DEXA), 2005.  
  GIS Planet, 2005.  
  5th International Workshop on Web and Wireless GIS (W2GIS), 2005.  
  International Workshop on Semantic-based GIS ( SeBGIS  ), 2005.  
  10th International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA), 2005.  
  International Conference on the Management of Data (COMAD), 2005.  
  4th International Workshop on Web Semantics (WEBS), 2005.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2005.  
    
    2004     
   Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 2004.  
  International Conference on Extending Database Technology (EDBT), 2004.  
  IEEE International Conference of Data Mining (ICDM), 2004.  
  ICDE/EDBT PhD Workshop, 2004.  
  15th IEEE Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management (SSDBM), 2004.  
  7th ACM International Workshop on Data Warehousing and OLAP (DOLAP), 2004.  
  International Conference on Database and Expert System Applications (DEXA), 2004.  
  3rd International Conference on Geographic Information Science ( GIScience  ), 2004.  
  19th ACM Symposium on Applied Computing (SAC), mini-track on Database Theory Technology, and Applications (DTTA), 2004.  
  9th International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA), 2004.  
  International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems (ICDCS), 2004.  
  6th International Conference on Data Warehousing and Knowledge Discovery ( DaWak  ), 2004.  
  VLDB Workshop on Spatio  -temporal Database Management (STDBM), 2004.  
  EDBT Workshop on Pattern Representation and Management, 2004.  
  COMPSAC International Workshop on Geographic and Biological Data Management (GBDM 2004).  
    
    2003     
   ACM SIGMOD, 2003.  
  ACM GIS, 2003.  
  International NSF Workshop on Next Generation Geospatial Information (N2GI), 2003.  
  6th Conference on Spatial Information Theory (COSIT), 2003.  
  6th ACM International Workshop on Data Warehousing and OLAP (DOLAP), 2003.  
  14th IEEE Conference on Scientific and Statistical Database Management (SSDBM), 2003.  
  8th International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2003.  
  VLDB Workshop on Databases, Information Systems and Peer-to-Peer Computing 2003.  
  8th International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA), 2003.  
  International Database Engineering & Applications Symposium (IDEAS), 2003.  
  5th International Conference on Data Warehousing and Knowledge Discovery ( DaWak  ), 2003.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2003.   
   
    2002     
   IEEE Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2002.  
  International Conference on Extending Database Technology (EDBT), 2002.  
  ACM GIS, 2002.  
  5th ACM International Workshop on Data Warehousing and OLAP (DOLAP), 2002.  
  2nd International Conference on Geographic Information Science ( GIScience  ), 2002.  
  4th International Conference on Data Warehousing and Knowledge Discovery ( DaWak  ), 2002.  
  Hellenic Data Management Symposium (HDMS), 2002.   
   
    2001     
   ACM SIGMOD, 2001.  
  7th International Symposium on Large Spatio  -Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2001.  
  ACM GIS, 2001.  
  3rd International Conference on Data Warehousing and Knowledge Discovery ( DaWak  ), 2001.  
  5th Conference on Spatial Information Theory (COSIT), 2001.  
  PAKDD Workshop on Mining Spatial and Temporal Data, 2001.   

 2000     
   ACM GIS, 2000.  
  International Workshop on Advanced Spatial Data Management (ASDM), 2000.   
   
    1999    
   Very Large Databases Conference (VLDB), 1999.  
  6th International Symposium on Large Spatial Databases (SSD), 1999.  
  4th Conference on Spatial Information Theory (COSIT), 1999.  
  International NSF Workshop on Integrated Spatial Databases, 1999.  
  DEXA WS on Spatio  -Temporal Data Models and Languages 1999.  
  International Database Conference, Hong Kong, 1999.   
   
    1998 and before     
   ACM GIS, 1998.  
  5th International Symposium on Large Spatial Databases (SSD), 1997.  
  International Conference: Urban, Regional, Environmental Planning and Informatics, 1997.  
  4th International Symposium on Large Spatial Databases (SSD), 1995.  
  2nd Conference on Spatial Information Theory (COSIT), 1995.  

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

38. Conference SST_1:
Skip to content      

 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 Call for papers  
 The Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association is pleased to call for papers for the 19th Australasian International Conference on Speech Science and Technology (SST2024).  
 Submissions are invited in all areas of speech science and technology, including:  
 Acoustic phonetics 
  Paralinguistics in speech and language 
  Applications of speech science and technology 
  Audiology 
  Computer assisted language learning 
  Corpus management and speech tools 
  First language acquisition 
  Forensic phonetics 
  Hearing and hearing impairment 
  Languages of Australia and Asia-Pacific (phonetics/phonology) 
  Low-resource languages 
  Pedagogical technologies for speech Second language acquisition 
  Sociophonetics 
  Speech signal processing, analysis, modelling and enhancement 
  Speech pathology 
  Speech perception 
  Speech production 
  Speech prosody, emotional speech, voice quality 
  Speech synthesis and speech recognition 
  Spoken language processing, translation, information retrieval and summarisation 
  Speaker and language recognition 
  Spoken dialog systems and analysis of conversation 
  Voice mechanisms, source-filter interactions 

 We are inviting two categories of submission  : 4-page papers (for oral or poster presentation, and publication in the proceedings; 4 pages plus references), and 1-page detailed abstracts (for poster presentation only).  
 Paper submission guidelines and access to EasyChair portal are available here  .  

 Invitation to submit to a special session   
 You are welcome to submit a 4-page paper to one of the special sessions:  
 Special session 1  : Sociophonetic variability in the English varieties of Australia (SocioPhonAus4)    
 Special session 2  : The phonetic expression of phonological length    
 Visit SST2024 special sessions  page for more information.  

 Tutorials and Special Sessions   
 Call for tutorials and special sessions is now closed.  

 Enquiries: [email protected]   

 ASSTA Details  

 Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association  
  ABN: 90 905 029 500  
  G.P.O. Box 143, Canberra City, ACT, 2601  
  Email Us   

 © ASSTA  

 Designed by DevApp®   

   
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content      

 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 Call for papers  
 The Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association is pleased to call for papers for the 19th Australasian International Conference on Speech Science and Technology (SST2024).  
 Submissions are invited in all areas of speech science and technology, including:  
 Acoustic phonetics 
  Paralinguistics in speech and language 
  Applications of speech science and technology 
  Audiology 
  Computer assisted language learning 
  Corpus management and speech tools 
  First language acquisition 
  Forensic phonetics 
  Hearing and hearing impairment 
  Languages of Australia and Asia-Pacific (phonetics/phonology) 
  Low-resource languages 
  Pedagogical technologies for speech Second language acquisition 
  Sociophonetics 
  Speech signal processing, analysis, modelling and enhancement 
  Speech pathology 
  Speech perception 
  Speech production 
  Speech prosody, emotional speech, voice quality 
  Speech synthesis and speech recognition 
  Spoken language processing, translation, information retrieval and summarisation 
  Speaker and language recognition 
  Spoken dialog systems and analysis of conversation 
  Voice mechanisms, source-filter interactions 

 We are inviting two categories of submission  : 4-page papers (for oral or poster presentation, and publication in the proceedings; 4 pages plus references), and 1-page detailed abstracts (for poster presentation only).  
 Paper submission guidelines and access to EasyChair portal are available here  .  

 Invitation to submit to a special session   
 You are welcome to submit a 4-page paper to one of the special sessions:  
 Special session 1  : Sociophonetic variability in the English varieties of Australia (SocioPhonAus4)    
 Special session 2  : The phonetic expression of phonological length    
 Visit SST2024 special sessions  page for more information.  

 Tutorials and Special Sessions   
 Call for tutorials and special sessions is now closed.  

 Enquiries: [email protected]   

 ASSTA Details  

 Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association  
  ABN: 90 905 029 500  
  G.P.O. Box 143, Canberra City, ACT, 2601  
  Email Us   

 © ASSTA  

 Designed by DevApp®   

   Important dates data: 
undefined

39. Conference SSSC_3:
Aller au contenu principal    
 User account menu  
 Se connecter 

 Toggle navigation          

 Espace privé       (link is external) 
  Search form  
 Rechercher     

 Navigation principale  
 Actualités | La lettre 
  Evénements à venir 
  Faits Marquants 
  Recrutements 
  Le GdR | Présentation 
  Comité de pilotage 
  Compte-rendus du comité de pilotage 
  Conseil scientifique 
  Communication 
  Documents 
  Animation et prospectives | Actions MACS 
  Séminaires thématiques 
  Mots-clés 
  Jeunes chercheurs·euses | Ecoles thématiques 
  Prix des meilleures thèses 
  Mobilités 
  Réseau | Affiliés 
  Equipes membres 
  Collection HAL 
  Publications 
  Logiciels 

 Evénement  

 Photothèque 
  Médiathèque 

 Navigation principale  
 Actualités | La lettre 
  Evénements à venir 
  Faits Marquants 
  Recrutements 
  Le GdR | Présentation 
  Comité de pilotage 
  Compte-rendus du comité de pilotage 
  Conseil scientifique 
  Communication 
  Documents 
  Animation et prospectives | Actions MACS 
  Séminaires thématiques 
  Mots-clés 
  Jeunes chercheurs·euses | Ecoles thématiques 
  Prix des meilleures thèses 
  Mobilités 
  Réseau | Affiliés 
  Equipes membres 
  Collection HAL 
  Publications 
  Logiciels 

 IFAC Joint Conference SSSC 2025 - TDS 2025 - COSY 2025   
 Soumis par jean.auriol   le mar 12/11/2024 - 09:53    
  
 Date   
 30-06-2025  - 02-07-2025    
   
 Deadline   
 15-01-2025    
   
 Détails   
 IFAC_SSSC_TDS_COSY_2025_0.pdf     
   
 Détails   
 Dear colleagues,  
 On behalf of the organizing committee, I am pleased to invite you in my quality of publicity chair, to contribute to the joint IFAC  9th IFAC Symposium on System Structure and Control (SSSC 2025), 19th IFAC Workshop on Time Delay Systems (TDS 2025) and 2nd IFAC Workshop on Control of Complex Systems (COSY 2025).   
 This joint event aims to gather academics and professionals with a particular interest in system structure, control, linear and nonlinear system theory for finite and infinite dimensional systems, control of complex systems and to offer them a forum where to discuss current research developments and open problems as well as to establish scientific networks with a focus on the mathematical structure of systems as well as on the limits it imposes on control systems design and performance.  
 The joint tri-event will occur at CentraleSupélec, Gif-sur-Yvette  , France, from June 30th to July 2nd, 2025  . The city of Gif-sur-Yvette is located 25 km south of Paris and 15km from Versailles. From Paris, Versailles, and Orly Airport one can reach Gif-sur-Yvette by public transportation in around 40 minutes.  
 All essential information, including key dates and the submission process, can be found on the conference website: https://sssc-tds-cosy-2025.sciencesconf.org/   
 Here are the LinkedIn ( https://www.linkedin.com/events/jointifacconference-sssc-tds-co7254941687364341760/comments/  /  ) and Twitter post ( https://x.com/SSSCTdsCosy2025/status/1851917648541471030  ) for the joint conference.  
 Feel free to share this message within your network.  
  
 Key dates:   
 Call for Contributed Papers:  Papers are invited in the form of regular manuscripts or extended abstracts. Papers must conform to the submission policy; all manuscripts must be in 2-columns format and meet strict page limits. The deadline for submissions is January 15th, 2025   
 Call for Invited Sessions:  Invited sessions consist of 5-6 papers, which should present a unifying theme from a diversity of viewpoints. Proposals must describe the motivation and relevance of the session. The deadline for invited sessions is January 2nd, 2025   
 Call for Tutorial/Panel Sessions:  Tutorial sessions and panel discussions addressing state-of-the-art control theory and advanced industrial applications are solicited. The deadline for tutorials is January 2nd, 2025   
 Call for Workshops:  Workshops to be held prior to the conference are solicited on all related topics. Proposals for workshops addressing novel control methodologies and control applications are strongly encouraged. The deadline for workshops is January 2nd, 2025   
 Please see the call for papers attached   
 Hope to see you next summer!  
  
 Jean Auriol, on behalf of the organizing committee of the IFAC Joint Conference SSSC - TDS - COSY 2025   
 CNRS Research,  
 Laboratoire des Signaux et Systèmes,  
 CentraleSupélec  

 Naviguer   
 Navigation principale  
 Actualités 
  Le GdR 
  Animation et prospectives 
  Jeunes chercheurs·euses 
  Réseau 

 Nous suivre   

 Menu Pied de page  
 Mentions légales 
  Contact 

 Actualités | La lettre 
  Evénements à venir 
  Faits Marquants 
  Recrutements 
  Le GdR | Présentation 
  Comité de pilotage 
  Compte-rendus du comité de pilotage 
  Conseil scientifique 
  Communication 
  Documents 
  Animation et prospectives | Actions MACS 
  Séminaires thématiques 
  Mots-clés 
  Jeunes chercheurs·euses | Ecoles thématiques 
  Prix des meilleures thèses 
  Mobilités 
  Réseau | Affiliés 
  Equipes membres 
  Collection HAL 
  Publications 
  Logiciels 

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

40. Conference SPICE_1:
Khám phá DQS | Tổng quan 
  Hệ thống quản lý tích hợp (IMS) 
  Quản lý chất lượng 
  Bảo mật thông tin 
  Tính bền vững 
  Các thiết bị y tế 
  Thực phẩm & Tiêu dùng 
  Cấp chứng nhận 
  Các khóa học | Tổng quan 
  Các khóa đào tạo 
  DQS blog 
  Sách trắng DQS 
  Bản ghi Hội thảo 
  Info packages 
  Newsroom 
  Trung tâm kiến thức DQS 
  Kết nối DQS | Tổng quan 
  Cơ hội nghề nghiệp 
  Freelancers 
  Về chúng tôi | Tổng quan 
  Logo chứng chỉ 
  Sự lãnh đạo của chúng tôi 
  Triết lý đánh giá của chúng tôi 
  Công nhận và Thông báo 
  Kinh nghiệm đánh giá kỹ thuật số 
  Công bằng và Tuân thủ 
  Giá trị gia tăng có ý nghĩa 
    
 Yêu cầu báo giá     
                    Khám phá DQS | Quay lại   Tổng quan 
  Hệ thống quản lý tích hợp (IMS) 
  Quản lý chất lượng 
  Bảo mật thông tin 
  Tính bền vững 
  Các thiết bị y tế 
  Thực phẩm & Tiêu dùng 
  Cấp chứng nhận 
  Các khóa học | Quay lại   Tổng quan 
  Các khóa đào tạo 
  DQS blog 
  Sách trắng DQS 
  Bản ghi Hội thảo 
  Info packages 
  Newsroom 
  Trung tâm kiến thức DQS 
  Kết nối DQS | Quay lại   Tổng quan 
  Cơ hội nghề nghiệp 
  Freelancers 
  Về chúng tôi | Quay lại   Tổng quan 
  Logo chứng chỉ 
  Sự lãnh đạo của chúng tôi 
  Triết lý đánh giá của chúng tôi 
  Công nhận và Thông báo 
  Kinh nghiệm đánh giá kỹ thuật số 
  Công bằng và Tuân thủ 
  Giá trị gia tăng có ý nghĩa 
    
 Yêu cầu báo giá     

 Chọn quốc gia hoặc ngôn ngữ của bạn  

 Vietnam  Tiếng Việt 
  Global  English 
  theo quốc gia hoặc ngôn ngữ  
 Bosnia and Herzegovina  Bosanski 
  Bulgaria  български 
  China  简体中文 
  Hong Kong  中文 
  Taiwan  繁體中文 
  Croatia  Hrvatski 
  Czech  čeština 
  Belgium  Nederlands 
  Netherlands  Nederlands 
  Greece  ελληνικά 
  UAE  English 
  Australia  English 
  Aserbaidschan  English 
  Egypt  English 
  Ethiopia  English 
  United Kingdom  English 
  Hong Kong  English 
  India  English 
  Global  English 
  Lebanon  English 
  Malaysia  English 
  Nigeria  English 
  Philippines  English 
  Pakistan  English 
  Thailand  English 
  United States  English 
  South Africa  English 
  Argentina  Español 
  Chile  Español 
  Colombia  Español 
  Spain  Español 
  Mexico  Español 
  El Salvador  Español 
  Iran  ایرانی 
  Finland  Suomi 
  Belgium  Français 
  France  Français 
  Luxembourg  Français 
  Morocco  Français 
  Tunisia  Français 
  Germany  Deutsch 
  Hungary  Magyar 
  Indonesia  Bahasa Indonesia 
  Italy  Italiano 
  Japan  日本語 
  Korea  한국어 
  Poland  Polski 
  Brazil  Português 
  Portugal  Português 
  Russia  Русский 
  Slovakia  Slovenský 
  Slovenia  Slovenski 
  Sweden  Svensk 
  Turkey  Türkçe 
  Ukraine  Українська 

     Loading...    

 Chứng nhận ISO/IEC 15504 (SPICE)  
   
 Hệ thống đánh giá quy trình phần mềm   

 Your inquiry     

 Trang chủ 
  Cấp chứng nhận 
  Chứng nhận ISO/IEC 15504 (SPICE) 

  Chất lượng trong phát triển phần mềm  

 Là một nhà phát triển phần mềm, sự thành thục của các quy trình của bạn là một tiêu chí quan trọng. Với đánh giá theo tiêu chuẩn ISO / IEC 15504, còn được gọi là SPICE - hệ thống đánh giá quy trình phần mềm, bạn có thể xác định điểm mạnh và điểm yếu của mình và đưa chúng vào chu trình cải tiến. SPICE cho phép tích hợp các đánh giá dành riêng cho ngành, chẳng hạn như Automotive SPICE® 3.0, luôn phù hợp với nhu cầu của ngành. Nhưng bạn cũng có thể áp dụng SPICE cho các nhà cung cấp phần cứng và phần mềm bên ngoài của mình.  

    Giảm rủi ro và chi phí do thất bại  

    Bằng chứng được công nhận về năng lực phát triển của bạn  

    Cải tiến liên tục các quy trình của bạn  

    Quan sát các phương pháp hay nhất trong mô hình đánh giá  

   Loading...    

 Tiêu chuẩn ISO / IEC 15504 (SPICE) là gì?  

 ISO / IEC 15504 là một tiêu chuẩn quốc tế để đánh giá các quá trình kinh doanh thông qua các đánh giá tương ứng. Tên "SPICE" Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination (Cải tiến Quy trình Phần mềm và Xác định Khả năng) là tên dự án từ thời kỳ phát triển của tiêu chuẩn. Nó được phát triển theo nhiều giai đoạn bắt đầu từ năm 1993 và có được lập thành tiêu chuẩn vào năm 2006 dưới tên gọi ISO / IEC 15504.  

 SPICE một mặt xem xét việc cải tiến các quy trình trong tổ chức của chính tổ chức đó và mặt khác là xác định năng lực của quy trình. Do đó, tiêu chuẩn bao gồm các yêu cầu đối với mô hình tham chiếu quy trình (PRM) để mô tả quy trình cũng như mô hình đánh giá quy trình (PAM) với các tiêu chí và phương pháp đánh giá chúng.  
 Khả năng hoặc mức độ trưởng thành, chia một quá trình phát triển thành sáu cấp độ từ "chưa hoàn thành" đến "tối ưu hóa", được coi là một thành phần đặc biệt hữu ích cho thực hành. Kể từ năm 2015, ISO đã liên tục chuyển giao bộ quy tắc gồm 10 phần sang loạt tiêu chuẩn ISO / IEC 330xx mới.  

 Xem thêm   
 Hiện ít hơn   

   Loading...    

 Chứng nhận ISO / IEC 15504 có ý nghĩa gì với Doanh nghiệp bạn?  

 Với đánh giá theo tiêu chuẩn ISO / IEC 15504, bạn có thể làm rõ những điểm mạnh và điểm yếu trong quá trình phát triển của mình. Ngoài việc tối ưu hóa các quy trình của bạn, chứng chỉ cũng mang lại cho bạn một dấu hiệu dễ thấy với thế giới bên ngoài. Ví dụ: trong đánh giá nhà cung cấp, mức độ hoàn thiện của quy trình có thể được khách hàng thừa nhận.  

   Loading...    

 Quy trình đánh giá chứng nhận ISO / IEC 15504 như thế nào?  

 Thảo luận ban đầu và báo giá        Trong bước đầu tiên, bạn thảo luận về công ty của bạn, hệ thống quản lý của bạn và các mục tiêu của chứng chỉ ISO / IEC 15504 với chúng tôi. Trên cơ sở này, bạn sẽ nhanh chóng nhận được một báo giá chi tiết và minh bạch, phù hợp với nhu cầu cá nhân của bạn.  

 Đánh giá hệ thống        Sau khi đánh giá chứng nhận, kết quả được đánh giá bởi hội đồng chứng nhận độc lập của DQS. Bạn sẽ nhận được báo cáo đánh giá ghi lại kết quả đánh giá và xác định nhu cầu hành động và tiềm năng cải tiến của bạn. Nếu tất cả các yêu cầu được đáp ứng, bạn sẽ nhận được chứng chỉ được quốc tế công nhận.  

 Đánh giá định kỳ hằng năm        Để đảm bảo rằng công ty của bạn tiếp tục đáp ứng tất cả các yêu cầu quan trọng sau cuộc đánh giá chứng nhận, chúng tôi tiến hành đánh giá giám sát hàng năm. Điều này cung cấp hỗ trợ có thẩm quyền cho việc cải tiến liên tục hệ thống quản lý   và quy trình kinh doanh của bạn.  

   Loading...    

 Chi phí chứng nhận ISO/IEC 15504 là bao nhiêu?  

 Chi phí cho chứng nhận theo ISO / IEC 15504 tùy thuộc vào phạm vi và mức độ phức tạp của đánh giá của bạn. Do đó, không thể đưa ra một tỷ lệ cố định cho các chi phí. Chúng tôi sẽ sẵn lòng chuẩn bị một báo giá cụ thể dựa trên yêu cầu của bạn!  

   Loading...    

 Tại sao bạn nên lựa chọn DQS?  

 Hơn 35 năm kinh nghiệm trong chứng nhận ISO 9001 
  Đánh giá cung cấp thông tin chi tiết gia tăng giá trị về tổ chức của bạn 
  Các đánh giá viên có kinh nghiệm thực tế và năng lực chuyên môn cao trong ngành 
  Chứng chỉ được công nhận quốc tế 
  Hỗ trợ cá nhân, nhiệt tình từ các chuyên gia của chúng tôi - trong khu vực, quốc gia và quốc tế 
  Ưu đãi cá nhân với thời gian hợp đồng linh hoạt, công khai và minh bạch các điều khoản thỏa thuận 

   Loading...    

 Yêu cầu báo giá  
 Vui lòng liên hệ với chúng tôi  
   
 Chúng tôi luôn sẵn lòng cung cấp cho bạn thông tin hữu ích về chứng nhận ISO / IEC 15504  
   
 Yêu cầu của bạn        

 Với bất kỳ các thông tin thêm cần hỗ trợ?  
   
 DQS luôn ở đây để hỗ trợ bạn   

 Vui lòng liên hệ với chúng tôi     

 CÔNG TY TNHH DQS CERTIFICATION  
 Trụ sở chính :   
 Tầng 3, tháp B, tòa nhà Helios, 75 Tam Trinh, Hoàng Mai, Hà Nội, Việt Nam  
  Tel: + (84-24) 3996 5796  
 Email: h  [email protected]   .vn   
 Văn phòng TP HCM :   
 Phòng P2.7 lầu 2, tòa nhà Thanh Niên, số 345/134 Đ. Trần Hưng Đạo, Phường Cầu Kho, Quận 1, Tp. Hồ Chí Minh, Việt Nam  
 Tel: + (84-28) 3822 3536  
 Email: h  [email protected]   .vn   

 Trung tâm khách hàng  
 Chứng chỉ IQNET 
  Logo chứng chỉ 
  Hiệu lực chứng chỉ 
  Công cụ quản lý đánh giá của DQS 
  Đăng ký nhận bản tin 
  Newsroom 
  DQS blog 

 Luật định  
 Trụ sở chính 
  Bảo mật thông tin khách hàng 
  Các điều kiện chung 
  Quy định Đánh giá và Chứng nhận của DQS 
  Điều kiện kinh doanh chung của DQS 
  Sự cố & Thu hồi 
  Khiếu Nại và Kháng Nghị 
  Báo cáo vi phạm 
  Cài đặt cookie 

 © 2024 DQS Holding GmbH - Trụ sở chính. Đã đăng ký Bản quyền.   
     Vietnam  Tiếng Việt             

   
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

41. Conference SSTD_2:
Home | Publications / Code | Research Group | Honors | Services 

 Professional Service |  

 I am a trustee of the VLDB Endowment  2022-present.  
   
  I am/was an associate editor for the following journals: International Journal on Very Large Data Bases ( | VLDBJ | ), 2017-2023. 
  IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering ( | TKDE | ), 2018-2023. 
  Distributed and Parallel Databases ( | DAPD | ), 2017-present. 
  Proceedings of the VLDB Endowments ( | PVLDB | ), 2018-2020, 2022-2024. 
  I am/was a program committee member for the following conferences/workshops: ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data ( | SIGMOD | ), 2010, 2013, 2014 (Group Leader), 2015, 2016, 2018, 2020-2025. 
  International Conference on Very Large Data Bases ( | VLDB | ), 2012-2015, 2019-2020 (Associate Editor), 2021, 2022, 2023-2024 (Associate Editor), 2025. 
  International Conference on Data Engineering ( | ICDE | ), 2011, 2012, 2014, 2015 (Track Chair), 2017, 2019, 2020 2021-2023 (Area Chair), 2024. 
  ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining ( | SIGKDD | ), 2010, 2012-2021, 2024. 
  ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security ( | CCS | ), 2019, 2020, 2022-2024. 
  International World Wide Web Conference ( | WWW | ), 2011, 2014, 2016, 2020-2022 (Senior PC). 
  International Conference on Machine Learning ( | ICML | ), 2021-2024. 
  Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems ( | NeurIPS | ), 2020-2023. 
  International Conference on Learning Representations ( | ICLR | ), 2022-2024. 
  AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( | AAAI | ), 2020, 2021-2022 (Meta-reviewer). 
  International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( | IJCAI | ), 2019-2020. 
  ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management ( | CIKM | ), 2010, 2013, 2015, 2017 2018, 2019-2024 (Senior PC). 
  International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases (SSTD), 2011, 2013, 2015, 2017, 2019. 
  International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM), 2016-2019. 
  International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA), 2011-2017, 2018 (Senior PC), 2019, 2020 (Senior PC). 
  Annual IFIP WG 11.3 Working Conference on Data and Applications Security (DBSec), 2011, 2011, 2013. 
  International Workshop on Ranking in Databases (DBRank), 2009 2010. 
  Joint International Conferences on Asia-Pacific Web Conference (APWeb) and Web-Age Information Management (WAIM), 2009. 
  
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

42. Conference SPICE_2:
Article  Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination Conference 2017  
 May 2018 
  Computer Standards & Interfaces | 60 
    
 DOI: 10.1016/j.csi.2018.05.002    
   
 Authors:   
      
 Antònia Mas    
 University of the Balearic Islands 

 Antoni Lluís Mesquida    
 University of the Balearic Islands 

   Request full-text PDF   To read the full-text of this research, you can request a copy directly from the authors.  

   Request full-text     
   Download citation     
   Copy link  Link copied      
         
      Request full-text   
      Download citation   
     Copy link  Link copied    

 To read the full-text of this research, you can request a copy directly from the authors.   

 Citations (7)   

    Discover the world's research   
 25+ million members 
  160+ million publication pages 
  2.3+ billion citations 
  Join for free     

 No full-text available  

 To read the full-text of this research,  
  you can request a copy directly from the authors.  
   
   Request full-text PDF     

 Citations (7)  

  References (0)  

 ... The century called the era of 1 st industrialization marked by the manufacturing of mechanical equipment related to hydropower and steam power. The 2 nd industrialization started in the 20 th century was the automation of mechanical equipment and device with energy consumption (Electric power consumption through mass production), the followed era was the 3 rd industrialization revolution started around 1969 and characterized by the implementation of information and the communication technology through the automation of system manufacturing process [3]  . However, it may be explained by the replacement of human labour through controlled machines which gradually employs the intelligent mechatronic and robotics systems [4]. ...   

 ... The industry 4.0, is a new concept implementation of the internet of Things (IoT) and Cyber-Physical System (CPS) into the smart factory system and it is a new paradigm shift to the industrial process activities [5]. [3]  Besides the industry 4.0, the similar strategies revolution in industrialization have been also proposed by other main industrial countries. The strategy of Industrial Internet from the United States of America (USA) [6] and the Internet+ proposed by China [2]. ...   

 ... Different models have been developed to face various challenges presented in Industry 4.0 implementation. This paper discusses the Industry 4.0-MM a holistic approach models for process transformation assessment, application management, data governance, asset management and organization alignment areas' [3]  inside the Power plant 4.0. However, the proposed models need the integration to the Software Process Improvement and Capability dEtermination SPICE-based Industry 4.0 due to inefficient of Industry 4.0-MM for how the analytics of big data is performed. ...   

 A Developed Analysis Models for Industry 4.0 toward Smart Power Plant System Process    
   
 Conference Paper    
 Jul 2019 

 Harry Indrawan 
  Nur Cahyo 
  Arionmaro Simaremare 
  Patrick Munyensanga 

 View     

 ... ITIL Incident Management process is focus to restore normal service operation as quickly as possible and minimize the adverse impact on business operations while ensuring that service level agreement are maintained [14]  . The main objective of incident management process is to ensure that every incident occurred during operational activities must be solved by standardized procedure to create quick resolution for the incidents. ...   

 ... This research is focused to develop a web application based on ITIL Incident Management process flow as a solution for managing computer laboratory in university. As the requirement for the proposed web-based application, the main Activities of the ITIL Incident Management process are the following [14]  : ...   

 Development of Web Application based on ITIL – Incident Management Framework In Computer Laboratory    
   
 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
 Aug 2019 

 Richard Wiputra 
  Ford Gaol 
  Harco Leslie Hendric Spits Warnars 
  Benfano Soewito 
    
 hile Information Technology becomes the interesting topic in education, Computer Laboratory as a learning center becomes an important supporting facilities in Higher Education. Whereas, current awareness level of service quality for higher education management is quite lower than the enterprise management. In the daily operation of IT Service Management (ITSM) in Computer laboratory, service activities in computer laboratory mostly uncontrolled and not standardized. By maximizing the service standard level in computer laboratory, university could maintain customer satisfaction subsequently. This research will focus in creating an IT Service Model, Service Standard Process, and the web application by referring to ITIL-Incident Management Framework as a best practice of ITSM framework. The design process use UML diagram as the tools in drawing the process flow of system.    

 View     
 Show abstract      

 Comparative study of SPI success factors in global and in-house environment for large-scale software companies    
   
 Article    
 Full-text available    
 Nov 2023 

 Javed Iqbal 
  Haris Jibran 
  Ahmad Sami Al-Shamayleh 
  Abdullah Gani 
    
 Background Software process improvement (SPI) is an indispensable phenomenon in the evolution of a software development company that adopts global software development (GSD) or in-house development. Several software development companies do not only adhere to in-house development but also go for the GSD paradigm. Both development approaches are of paramount significance because of their respective advantages. Many studies have been conducted to find the SPI success factors in the case of companies that opt for in-house development. Still, less attention has been paid to the SPI success factors in the case of the GSD environment for large-scale software companies. Factors that contribute to the SPI success of small as well as medium-sized companies have been identified, but large-scale companies have still been overlooked. The research aims to identify the success factors of SPI for both development approaches (GSD and in-house) in the case of large-scale software companies. Methods Two systematic literature reviews have been performed. An industrial survey has been conducted to detect additional SPI success factors for both development environments. In the subsequent step, a comparison has been made to find similar SPI success factors in both development environments. Lastly, another industrial survey is conducted to compare the common SPI success factors of GSD and in-house software development, in the case of large-scale companies, to divulge which SPI success factor carries more value in which development environment. For this reason, parametric (Pearson correlation) and non-parametric (Kendall’s Tau correlation and the Spearman correlation) tests have been performed. Results The 17 common SPI factors have been identified. The pinpointed common success factors expedite and contribute to SPI in both environments in the case of large-scale companies.    

 View     
 Show abstract      

 Assessing Enterprise Governance of Information Technology Maturity Models in Middle East and North Africa Region    
   
 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
 Sep 2021 

 Mostafa Alshamy 
  Walid Abdelmoez 
  Essameldean F. Elfakharany 
  Hany Ammar 
    
 Abstract. Enterprise Governance of IT is an important topic for academics and practitioners in the context of achieving enterprise goals while optimizing resource utilization and risk management. EGIT is playing a critical role in developing countries as resources are rare and risk levels are higher. There is a need for EGIT Maturity Models in Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region detected by delivering and analyzing two questionnaires which were shared with a group of participants working in the field. The obtained results have been generalized and consolidated into a generally applicable requirement list covering the specific needs of MENA region.    

 View     
 Show abstract      

 Symptom-Based Improvement Advice: A New Relevant-Focused Problem-Based Framework    
   
 Chapter    
 Aug 2021 

 Jan Pries-Heje 
  Jørn Johansen 
  Morten Korsaa 
    
 Classic maturity models require one or more trained assessors interacting with interviewees from the organization. This is a very rigorous and therefore costly process. In this paper we have developed the opposite; a relevant-focused and problem-based approach that can be used to generate improvement advice. We start out from the observation that trained assessors often observe symptoms when they enter an organization and find that there is an intuitive correlation with the given recommendations. We then developed a framework of symptoms and underlying problems using a technique called cognitive mapping. This framework was then used in a large organization to derive recommendations based on symptoms. This proof-of-concept seemed to work quite well. We present our framework and discuss how it can be implemented as an online tool. Further we identify several ways our approach can be further researched.    

 View     
 Show abstract      

 The Influence of the Entrepreneur's Open Innovation Strategy on Firm Performance: Empirical Evidence From SMEs in Kenya    
   
 Chapter    
 Jan 2021 

 Samwel Macharia Chege 
  Daoping Wang 
    
 This article helps identify the main factors influencing the performance of small and medium agribusiness enterprises in Kenya. The study proposes five research hypotheses, each tested on a sample of 150 agribusiness enterprises using multiple regression analysis. The results show that the use of external partners, such as scientific research establishments and commercial consultants, influences the firm's performance. This influence is moderated by factors like internal capabilities and the firm's degree of openness to innovation.    

 View     
 Show abstract      

 The Influence of the Entrepreneur's Open Innovation Strategy on Firm Performance: Empirical Evidence From SMEs in Kenya    
   
 Article    
 Oct 2019 

 Samwel Macharia Chege 
  Daoping Wang 
    
 This article helps identify the main factors influencing the performance of small and medium agribusiness enterprises in Kenya. The study proposes five research hypotheses, each tested on a sample of 150 agribusiness enterprises using multiple regression analysis. The results show that the use of external partners, such as scientific research establishments and commercial consultants, influences the firm's performance. This influence is moderated by factors like internal capabilities and the firm's degree of openness to innovation.    

 View     
 Show abstract      

 ResearchGate has not been able to resolve any references for this publication.   

 Recommended publications  
   
 Discover more    

 Article    
   
 Snapshot of industrial experiences shared at the 20th anniversary EuroSPI conference   
 September 2014  · Journal of Software: Evolution and Process    
 Richard Messnarz 
  Miklos Biro 
  Ricardo Colomo-Palacios 
  Read more    

 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
   
 Forces Affecting Offshore Software Development   
 November 2005  · Lecture Notes in Computer Science    
 Miklos Biro 
  Péter Fehér 
  This paper identifies the forces affecting offshore software development based on a knowledge management perspective. The identified four major forces act along the dimensions of finance, individual education, organizational maturity, and culture. The analysis is validated on cases of European offshoring practice exhibited in the database of the EuroSPI (European Software Process Improvement) ... [Show full abstract]  series of conferences.    
 View full-text    

 Article    
   
 Product-Focused Software Process Improvement, 9th International Conference, PROFES 2008, Monte Porzi...   
 January 2008    
 Andreas Jedlitschka 
  Outi Salo 
  Read more    

 Book    
   
 Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination 17th International Conference, SPICE 2017,...   
 October 2017    
 Antònia Mas 
  Antoni Lluís Mesquida 
  Rory V. O’Connor 
  [...] 
  Alec Dorling 
  This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination, SPICE 2017, held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, in October 2017. The 34 full papers presented together with 4 short papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 65 submissions. The papers are organized in the following topical sections: SPI in agile ... [Show full abstract]  approaches; SPI in small settings; SPI and assessment; SPI and models; SPI and functional safety; SPI in various settings; SPI and gamification; SPI case studies; strategic and knowledge issues in SPI; education issues in SPI.    
 Read more    

 Chapter    
   
 Exploring the Influence of Belbin’s Roles in Software Measurement: A Controlled Experiment with Stud...   
 January 2019  · Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing    
 Raúl Antonio Aguilar Vera 
  Julio César Díaz-Mendoza 
  Juan Pablo Ucán Pech 
  Yasbedh O. Quiñones 
  The article presents a controlled experiment in which the convenience of using the Belbin Role Theory for the integration of work teams with the task of measuring the software is explored. The study is developed in an academic environment with students of the Software Engineering degree and analyzes the differences between the metrics obtained with the Function Point Technique, by teams ... [Show full abstract]  integrated with the Belbin Theory, and those obtained by teams integrated with students selected randomly. The results obtained provide evidence regarding the significant differences in terms of the time spent for the task; it was observed that teams integrated with the Belbin theory take more time. Regarding the five metrics obtained to measure the functionality of the software, differences were found only in the functionality linked to the external outputs.    
 Read more    

 Chapter    
   
 From Craftsmen into Engineers During Undergraduate Education: Proceedings of the 7th International C...   
 January 2019  · Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing    
 E. Juarez 
  Edgar Fernández 
  Jose Manuel Velazquez Hurtado 
  [...] 
  Claud Robinson 
  The software development industry has an urge for trained software engineers capable to deliver successful software projects. To be successful, software projects require engineers with discipline on the application of sound engineering practices. Those practices are usually learnt after engineers have spent years working in the industry, resulting in a low percentage of successful projects. In ... [Show full abstract]  this paper we propose a challenge-based learning experience that develops such sound engineering practices and discipline during undergraduate studies, therefore, guaranteeing that the rate of successful projects where the engineers will participate will be higher, as they have acquired the competencies to deliver such projects.    
 Read more    

 Book    
   
 Trends and Applications in Software Engineering - Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on...   
 October 2017  · Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing    
 Álvaro Rocha 
  Jezreel Mejia 
  Mirna Muñoz 
  [...] 
  Jose A Calvo-Manzano 
  Read more    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 Deducing software process improvement areas from a COCOMO II-based productivity measurement   
 January 2008    
 Lotte De Rore 
  Monique Snoeck 
  Geert Poels 
  Guido Dedene 
  At the SMEF2006 conference, we presented our experiences with the set-up of a measurement environment using the COCOMO II-model for software development projects in a company in the banking and insurance area. The set-up was part of a larger research project on managing efficiency aspects of software factory systems. One year of measurements later, a database of 22 projects is obtained. In this ... [Show full abstract]  paper we will present our conclusions and findings after these first measurement results. The effort multipliers in the COCOMO II-model represent the factors that have a linear influence on the amount of effort needed for a project. As such, they are a management instrument that gives an indication which parameters need attention within the company in order to improve the productivity. In this paper, we discuss a new kind of report we constructed in order to visualise the influence of the different effort multipliers. The goal of the report is two folded. Firstly, one can check whether the factors identified by the COCOMO II-model as effort multipliers indeed have an influence on the effort and therefore on the productivity of a project in this company. And secondly, one can check whether the amount of influence identified by the COCOMO II-model is comparable with the influence we detect in the company. As we will show, even though there was only data available of one year of measurement, useful interpretations could already be given to the results as well as indications about which areas of the software development process need to be focused on in order to improve the productivity.    
 View full-text    

 Book    
 Full-text available    
   
 Software Process Improvement and Capability Determination   
 June 2015    
 Rory V. O’Connor 
  Terry Rout 
  Alec Dorling 
  15th International Conference, SPICE 2015, Gothenburg, Sweden, June 16-17, 2015. Proceedings   
 View full-text    

 Book    
   
 Software Process Improvement: 13th European Conference, EuroSPI 2006, Joensuu, Finland, October 11-1...   
 January 2006  · Lecture Notes in Computer Science    
 Ita Richardson 
  Per Runeson 
  Richard Messnarz 
  Read more    

 Chapter    
 Full-text available    
   
 Conceptual Modelling of a Mobile App for Occupational Safety Using Process and Objectives Patterns:...   
 January 2019  · Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing    
 Oscar Medina 
  Manuel Pérez Cota 
  Marcelo Martín Marciszack 
  [...] 
  Diego Daniel Dean 
  A pattern is a model that allows the reuse of a successful solution for the same problem in different contexts. From a Software Engineering approach, there are different pattern types; the present work proposes the use of processes and goals patterns to describe processes at the Conceptual Modelling phase of an information system. We develop a study case over a process supporting an application ... [Show full abstract]  for occupational safety monitoring in the Public Sector. This process, due to its features and digital implementation, is considered as a repeatable Electronic Government experience. Patterns described here are part of a pattern catalog from the experimental phase of a research that searches to define an analysis model for the application of Conceptual Modelling Patterns for Electronic Government systems.    
 View full-text    

 Article    
   
 Measurement based process improvement   
 August 1994  · IEEE Software    
 Shari Lawrence Pfleeger 
  Dieter Rombach 
  Used together, the two relatively young concepts of measurement and process improvement are more than the sum of their parts. Careful measurement helps you draw an objective process model. Thoughtful application of improvement techniques improves your ability to measure quality. Leveraging one with the other can take your organization to new heights. The article shows how software process ... [Show full abstract]  modeling, tool development, measurement strategies, and other methods are combined to create real change on important software projects.< >    
 Read more    

 Last Updated: 22 Oct 2024    

 Looking for the full-text?  
 You can request the full-text of this article directly from the authors on ResearchGate.  
 Request full-text     
   
 Already a member? Log in    

 ResearchGate iOS App    
   
 Get it from the App Store now.   

 Install     

 Keep up with your stats and more   

 Access scientific knowledge from anywhere   

 or   
   
 Discover by subject area     

 Recruit researchers 
  Join for free 
  Login      Email   Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login         Password  Forgot password?      Keep me logged in   Log in    or    Continue with Google                
 Welcome back! Please log in.        Email · Hint  Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login          Password   Forgot password?       Keep me logged in    Log in    or    Continue with Google       No account? Sign up 

 Company   
 About us    
 News    
 Careers    

 Support   
 Help Center    

 Business solutions   
 Advertising    
 Recruiting    

 © 2008-2024 ResearchGate GmbH. All rights reserved.   
   
 Terms 
  Privacy 
  Copyright 
  Imprint 
  Consent preferences 

      
Call for papers data: 
    
 Log in  Join for free    

 Discover scientific knowledge and stay connected to the world of science  
 Join for free    

 Discover research  
 Access over 160 million publication pages and stay up to date with what's happening in your field.  

 Connect with your scientific community  
 Share your research, collaborate with your peers, and get the support you need to advance your career.  
   
 Visit Topic Pages  
 Engineering     
 Mathematics     
 Biology     
 Computer Science     
 Climate Change     
 Medicine     
 Physics     
 Social Science     
 Astrophysics     
 Chemistry     

 Measure your impact  
 Get in-depth stats on who's been reading your work and keep track of your citations.  

 Advance your research and join a community of 25 million scientists  
 Join for free    

 ResearchGate Business Solutions  
    
 Scientific Recruitment  
 Hire qualified researchers and build the best teams in science.   
 Find out more     

 Marketing Solutions  
 Grow your brand's impact in the scientific community with the world's leading network for scientists.   
 Find out more     

 About us     
 News     
 Careers     
 Help Center     
 Terms     
 Privacy     
 Copyright     
 Imprint     
 Consent preferences     
   
 Researchers     
 Q&A     
 Publications     
 Jobs     
 Advertising     
 Recruiting     

 © 2008- 2024 ResearchGate GmbH. All rights reserved.   

   For full functionality of ResearchGate it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser  .    
   
    Important dates data: 
undefined

43. Conference SST_2:
Skip to content      

 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 Registration  

 Member rates are only available for current, approved, financial ASSTA members. In order to become a member of ASSTA, please visit the ASSTA membership page  for more info. Please note that ASSTA membership requests may take several weeks for approval, so requests for membership should be made as soon as possible.  
 While there are no restrictions on the number of submissions an author’s name may appear on, note that each accepted paper/abstract must be associated with at least one unique author registration  in order to be included in the programme (and for papers, in the proceedings). That is, at least one author of each submission must register to attend SST2024, and not also be the registering author on a different submission. Each submission must have a registered author by 18th October, 2024  .  

   Register via Eventbrite      

 Event | Rate category | Early-bird (by Oct 31) | Late (by Nov 15) 
 Main conference  
  (in-person attendance) | Members: | $540.00 | $600.00 
 Non-members: | $630.00 | $690.00 
 Student Members: | $290.00 | $330.00 
 Student Non-Members: | $330.00 | $370.00 
 Tutorial Day  
  (in-person attendance) | Non-student: | $90.00 | $90.00 
 Student: | $40.00 | $40.00 
 Conference dinner | All: | $120.00 | $120.00 
  
 In some instances, we may be able to make the student rate available to those whose circumstances warrant a concession. Please get in touch with the organisers at [email protected]  if you would like to enquire about this option.   

 ASSTA Details  

 Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association  
  ABN: 90 905 029 500  
  G.P.O. Box 143, Canberra City, ACT, 2601  
  Email Us   

 © ASSTA  

 Designed by DevApp®   

   
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content      

 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 Call for papers  
 The Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association is pleased to call for papers for the 19th Australasian International Conference on Speech Science and Technology (SST2024).  
 Submissions are invited in all areas of speech science and technology, including:  
 Acoustic phonetics 
  Paralinguistics in speech and language 
  Applications of speech science and technology 
  Audiology 
  Computer assisted language learning 
  Corpus management and speech tools 
  First language acquisition 
  Forensic phonetics 
  Hearing and hearing impairment 
  Languages of Australia and Asia-Pacific (phonetics/phonology) 
  Low-resource languages 
  Pedagogical technologies for speech Second language acquisition 
  Sociophonetics 
  Speech signal processing, analysis, modelling and enhancement 
  Speech pathology 
  Speech perception 
  Speech production 
  Speech prosody, emotional speech, voice quality 
  Speech synthesis and speech recognition 
  Spoken language processing, translation, information retrieval and summarisation 
  Speaker and language recognition 
  Spoken dialog systems and analysis of conversation 
  Voice mechanisms, source-filter interactions 

 We are inviting two categories of submission  : 4-page papers (for oral or poster presentation, and publication in the proceedings; 4 pages plus references), and 1-page detailed abstracts (for poster presentation only).  
 Paper submission guidelines and access to EasyChair portal are available here  .  

 Invitation to submit to a special session   
 You are welcome to submit a 4-page paper to one of the special sessions:  
 Special session 1  : Sociophonetic variability in the English varieties of Australia (SocioPhonAus4)    
 Special session 2  : The phonetic expression of phonological length    
 Visit SST2024 special sessions  page for more information.  

 Tutorials and Special Sessions   
 Call for tutorials and special sessions is now closed.  

 Enquiries: [email protected]   

 ASSTA Details  

 Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association  
  ABN: 90 905 029 500  
  G.P.O. Box 143, Canberra City, ACT, 2601  
  Email Us   

 © ASSTA  

 Designed by DevApp®   

   Important dates data: 
undefined

44. Conference STACS_0:
42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science (STACS 2025)  
 Jena, March 04-07, 2025  

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Dates 
  Committees 
  Invited speakers 
  Location 
  Code of Conduct 
  Contact 
   
 The 42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science is planned to take place from March 04 to March 07, 2025 in Jena, Germany.  
 STACS 2025 will consist of two tracks. Track A focuses on algorithms, data structures and complexity. Track B focuses on automata, logic, semantics, and theory of programming.  
  View of the city centre of Jena. Image: Jens Meyer (University of Jena)  

  
Call for papers data: 
   42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science (STACS 2025)  
 Jena, March 04-07, 2025  

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Dates 
  Committees 
  Invited speakers 
  Location 
  Code of Conduct 
  Contact 
   
 Call for Papers  
 The 42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science is planned to take place from March 4th to March 7th in Jena, Germany.  
 STACS 2025 will consist of two tracks, A and B. Track A focuses on algorithms, data structures and complexity, while track B focuses on automata, logic, semantics, and theory of programming.  
 Authors are invited to submit papers presenting original and unpublished research on theoretical aspects of computer science. Topics covered by the tracks include, but are not limited to the following:  
 Track A. Algorithms, Data Structures and Complexity  
 Design of parallel algorithms 
  Distributed algorithms 
  Approximation algorithms 
  Parameterized algorithms 
  Randomized algorithms 
  Analysis of algorithms 
  Combinatorics of data structures 
  Computational geometry 
  Cryptography 
  Algorithms for machine learning 
  Algorithmic game theory 
  Quantum algorithms 
  Computational and structural complexity theory 
  Parameterised complexity 
  Randomness in computation 
    
 Track B. Automata, Logic, Semantics and Theory of Programming  
 Automata theory 
  Games and multi-agent systems 
  Algebraic and categorical methods 
  Models of computation 
  Concurrency 
  Timed systems 
  Finite model theory 
  Database theory 
  Semantics 
  Type systems 
  Program analysis 
  Specification and verification 
  Rewriting and deduction 
  Learning theory 
  Logical aspects of computability and complexity 

 Important Dates  
 Submission deadline: 26 September 2024, 23:59 AoE 
  Rebuttal: 15-21 November 2024 
  Author Notification: 16 December 2024 
  Camera-ready version: mid-January 2025 
  Conference: 4-7 March 2025 
  Submissions  
 Format of submissions  
 Submissions should be made through EasyChair, using this submission link  .  
 Authors are invited to submit an extended abstract or a full paper with at most 15 pages; this page limit excludes the title page, the references section, and a possible appendix. The title page should contain the title of the paper and the abstract, but no author information. The first section of the paper should start on the next page, and the appendix, if any, should also start on the next page after the bibliography.  
 In preparation of submissions, the usage of the LIPIcs style file is mandatory; no changes to font size, page geometry, etc. are permitted. Please refer to LIPIcs author instructions  . Submissions submitted after the deadline will not be considered, and submissions not adhering to the expected format risk rejection without consideration of the content.  
 Submissions should be made to appropriate tracks. The PCs reserve the right to reassign a paper to a different track, if deemed necessary.  
 The extended abstract should contain a succinct statement of the considered issues and of their motivation, a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of their significance, accessible to non-specialist readers. This should be followed by a rigorous derivation of the claimed results. Proofs omitted due to space constraints should be put into an appendix, to be read by the program committee members at their discretion. It is allowed and encouraged to provide the full version of the paper as the appendix.  
 Simultaneous submission to other conferences with published proceedings or to journals is not allowed. PC members are allowed to submit their works as well, except for PC chairs.  
 Double-blind reviewing  
 As in the previous years, STACS 2025 will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process: submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. The purpose of the double-blind reviewing is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymised. In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas.  
 Conflicts of interest  
 Authors will be invited to give a list of persons with a Conflict of Interest (COI). A Conflict of Interest is limited to the following categories:  
 Family member or close friend. 
  Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  Person with the same affiliation. 
  Involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Reviewer owes the author a favor (e.g., recently requested a reference letter). 
  Frequent or recent collaborator (within last 3 years) who cannot objectively review your work. 
  If you are unsure about a conflict in which a reviewer may have positive bias towards your paper, we recommend erring on the side of not declaring it since PC members and sub-reviewers will be also asked if they feel that they can fairly evaluate your paper. If an author believes that they have a valid reason for a Conflict of Interest not listed above, then they can contact PC chairs. Falsely declared conflicts (i.e., do not satisfy one of the listed reasons) risk rejection without consideration of merit. Authors will be asked to declare conflicts with PC members during submission, but an author can contact PC chairs directly if they have a conflict with an individual who is likely to be asked to serve as a subreviewer for the paper.  
 Rebuttal  
 There will be a rebuttal period for authors. Authors will receive the reviews of their submissions and have a few days to prepare and submit rebuttals. These rebuttals become part of the PC discussions, but entail no specific responses. Rebuttals will be handled through EasyChair.  
 Conference  
 At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register at the conference. For authors who cannot present their paper in person, a possibility for remote presentation will be offered.  
 Proceedings  
 Accepted papers will be published in the proceedings of the symposium. As usual, these proceedings will appear in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics ( LIPIcs  ) series, based at Schloss Dagstuhl. This guarantees perennial, free and easy electronic access, while the authors retain the rights over their work. With their submission, authors consent to sign a license authorizing the program committee chairs to organize the electronic publication of their paper, provided the paper is accepted.  
 The final camera-ready of each accepted paper should be formatted in accordance with the LIPIcs guidelines  and taking reviewer comments into account. General instructions regarding the preparation of the camera-ready version and the style can be found at LIPIcs author instructions  . Notice that there is a limit of 15 pages for the main body of the final camera-ready, excluding the bibliography, the front page(s) (authors, affiliation, keywords, abstract, ...) and a brief appendix (of up to 5 pages) from this page limit. Any appendices to the initial submission were officially not under review and thus should not be included in the proceedings. In general, major new content can be added only if suggested by the reviewers. You are however more than welcome to have the proceedings paper link to the full version published elsewhere (e.g., on arXiv). The precise link to the full version may even be provided later, during author approval period (expected in February).  
 STACS Code of Conduct  
 STACS joined http://safetoc.org  . Registering for STACS 2025 thus requires that you agree to follow the Code of Conduct described below.  
 STACS is committed to be a respectful forum for its participants, free from any violence, discrimination or harassment of any nature. All STACS attendees are expected to behave accordingly.  
 If you experience or witness violence, discrimination, harassment or other unethical behaviour at the conference, we encourage you to seek advice and remedy through one or more of the following options:  
 Consult with the SafeToC advocates of STACS (named below). 
  Report to the conference chair, the PC chairs or the Steering Committee chair. 
  The chairs are entitled to remove registered participants from the conference (without refunding the conference fees) if they are deemed to pose an ethical risk to other participants. The conference chair may contact the local university committee dedicated to address violence, unethical behaviour or harassment of any kind. Besides having an appointment with the victim, this committee can assist with medical support and with taking legal action.  
 STACS 2025 advocates  
 Thomas Schwentick 
  Sylvain Schmitz 
  Marlene Gründel 
  Tim Hoffmann 
  Kaspar Kasche 
  Luc Spachmann 
   
  Important dates data: 
   42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science (STACS 2025)  
 Jena, March 04-07, 2025  

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Dates 
  Committees 
  Invited speakers 
  Location 
  Code of Conduct 
  Contact 
   
 Important Dates  
 All times are Anywhere on Earth (AoE, UTC-12).  
 Submission deadline: September 26, 2024 
  Feedback to authors: November 15, 2024 
  Rebuttal: November 21, 2024 
  Author Notification: December 16, 2024 
  Camera-ready version: January 2025 
  Conference: March 04-07, 2025

45. Conference SSTD_3:
Skip to the content       
 Mason Datalab    
   
 George Mason University 

 Apply 
  Give 
  MyMason 
  PatriotWeb 
  PeopleFinder 
  Athletics 
  News 
  Calendar 
  Library 
  Graduation 

    Search       Menu      
  Mission 
  Application Areas 
  Research 
  Education/Training | Capstone Program 
  Professional Training 
  Work with Us 
  Contact Us 
   
   Search      

 Search for:      Close search       

 Close Menu     Mission 
  Application Areas 
  Research 
  Education/Training  Show sub menu | Capstone Program 
  Professional Training 
  Work with Us 
  Contact Us 

 15th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases  
 Home 
  / 
  15th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases 

 [minti_image img=”342″]   

 [minti_headline size=”fontsize-xl”] 15th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases  [/minti_headline][minti_headline type=”h2″]August 21 – 23, 2017 | George Mason University  , Washington D.C.[/minti_headline]   

 The International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases 2017 (SSTD 2017) is the 15th event of a series of biannual symposia that discuss new and exciting research in spatial, temporal and spatio-temporal data management and related technologies with the goal to set future research directions. The primary focus of SSTD symposia is on original results in the areas of theoretical foundations, design, implementation, and applications of spatial and temporal database technology. SSTD also welcomes experience reports from application specialists and the commercial community that describe lessons learned in the development, operation, and maintenance of actual systems in practical and innovative applications. The goal is to exchange research ideas and results across academia, industry and government from diverse geographies, and career stages.  
 The SSTD 2017 will be held in the Washington, D.C. area at the George Mason University campus in Arlington, Virginia, USA.  
 Authors are invited to submit electronically original, English-language research contributions or experience reports not concurrently submitted elsewhere. Similar to the previous symposia, accepted papers will be published by Springer as proceedings in Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS). Details about the conference, dates, and submission can be found on this page. Topics include, but are not limited to, the following in context of spatial, temporal and spatio-temporal databases:  

 [minti_headline type=”h3″ size=”fontsize-l” align=”align-left” margin=”0 0 10px 0″] Important Dates (tentative)  [/minti_headline] Abstract Deadline:  March 5, 2017  
   Paper Deadline:  March 12, 2017  
   Notification:  May 7, 2017  
   Conference:  August 21-23   

 Submission and registration forms have not yet been published. Please check back in the coming weeks.   

 Access Method 
  Big Data 
  Computational Geometry 
  Critical Evaluation of Standards Proposals 
  Crowdsourcing Spatial Data 
  Database Design and Conceptual Modeling 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery 
  Data Quality and Cleaning 
  Data Types and Query Languages 
  Data Warehousing and Decision Support 
  Experiments, Benchmarks and Performance Evaluation 
  Geographic Information Retrieval 
  Graph Modeling and Algorithms 
  Keyword Search in Databases 

 Indoor Space 
  Moving Objects 
  Ontologies and Taxonomies 
  Parallel and Distributed Databases 
  Privacy, Security and Integrity 
  Query Optimization 
  Real Applications and Systems 
  Recommendation Systems 
  Spatial (Road) Networks 
  Sensor Networks 
  Spatial Data Streams 
  Uncertain, Imprecise and Probabilistic Data 
  User Interfaces and Visualization 
  Web Information Retrieval 

 [minti_divider margin=”60px 0 20px 0″]   

 [minti_headline type=”h4″ align=”align-left” margin=”0 0 10px 0″] General Chairs  [/minti_headline] Chang-Tien Lu, Virginia Tech, USA   
   Yan Huang, University of North Texas, USA   

 [minti_headline type=”h4″ align=”align-left” margin=”0 0 10px 0″] Demo Chairs  [/minti_headline] Agnès Voisard, Freie Universität Berlin, Germany  
   Chengyang Zhang, Microsoft, USA  
   Wei-Shinn Ku, Auburn University, USA   

 [minti_headline type=”h4″ align=”align-left” margin=”0 0 10px 0″] Industry and Government Chair  [/minti_headline] Erik Hoel, ESRI, USA   

 [minti_headline type=”h4″ align=”align-left” margin=”0 0 10px 0″] Program Chairs  [/minti_headline] Matthias Renz, George Mason University, USA  
   Michael Gertz, Heidelberg University, Germany  
   Xiaofang Zhou, University of Queensland, Australia   

 [minti_headline type=”h4″ align=”align-left” margin=”0 0 10px 0″] PhD Workshop Chairs  [/minti_headline] Andreas Zuefle, George Mason University, USA  
   Liang Zhao, George Mason University, USA   

 [minti_headline type=”h4″ align=”align-left” margin=”0 0 10px 0″] Local Arrangements  [/minti_headline] Nektaria Tryfona, George Mason University, USA   

 All Together Different   
  George Mason University  
  4400 University Drive  
  Fairfax, Virginia 22030  
  Tel: +1703-993-1000  
  © 2024 George Mason University   
   
 Powered by WordPress   
   
 To the top ↑   Up ↑    Sitemap 
  Contact 
  Title IX 
  Accessibility 
  Jobs 
  Student Consumer Information 
  Privacy Statement 
  FOIA 

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to the content       
 Mason Datalab    
   
 George Mason University 

 Apply 
  Give 
  MyMason 
  PatriotWeb 
  PeopleFinder 
  Athletics 
  News 
  Calendar 
  Library 
  Graduation 

    Search       Menu      
  Mission 
  Application Areas 
  Research 
  Education/Training | Capstone Program 
  Professional Training 
  Work with Us 
  Contact Us 
   
   Search      

 Search for:      Close search       

 Close Menu     Mission 
  Application Areas 
  Research 
  Education/Training  Show sub menu | Capstone Program 
  Professional Training 
  Work with Us 
  Contact Us 

 Research  
 Home 
  / 
  Research 

 Indicative Capstone Projects  

 Real-time Educational AI-powered Dashboard  
 This project presents a Real-time Educational AI-powered Dashboard (READ), a novel web-based Learning Analytics Dashboard (LAD), to support instructors’ decision-making process. By fusing AI and visualization techniques, READ assists in tracking students’ activities, provide detailed insights on their responses, and supports the instructors’ decision-making process using visual analytics.  

 Digital Equity for Arlington Co.  
 The projects   focus     on studying   Key Performance Indicators (KPI) to access digital equity in terms of high-speed broadband connection, access to devices, digital literacy, and sustainability. For this, advanced data analysis and assessment methods will be used. Students   are   trained   on local government’s needs and solutions.    
  External Partner  : Arlington County  

 Data Analytics for Youth Risk and Protective Factors for Fairfax Co.  
 The projects   focus     on studying     youth surveys and performs advanced analytics and visualization methods to predict risk factors and assist domain experts to establish interventions, as needed. Students   are   trained on local government’s needs and solutions.     
  External Partner  : Fairfax County  

 Data Mining in Longitudinal Childhood Genome Study Data  
 The project focuses on applying state-of-the-art data mining and machine learning techniques to efficiently elucidate patterns in Longitudinal Childhood Genome Study Data (whole genome sequencing (WGS) from family trios, and transcriptome sequencing and methylation data from mothers) contributing to translational genomic research.  
  External partner  : Inova Translational Medicine Institute  

 Text Mining for Litigation Documents  
 In the litigation support domain, predictive coding refers to an automated categorization of legal documents for instance as responsive, non-responsive, or privileged documents in response to a discovery order of a legal dispute. The goal of this project is to study and develop automated systematic solutions for litigation document categorization based on advanced pattern mining approaches yielding cost-effective, reasonable and accurate approaches to predictive coding.  
  Funding  : Innovative Discovery, LLC  

 Applied Research Projects  

 AI-Security Living Lab Experience (AISLE)  
 The project aims on offering multidisciplinary teams of undergraduate and high school students the opportunity to work together on problems of direct relevance to the development of secure and trustworthy artificial intelligence, a growing field with a high demand for talent. Themes such as cybercrime, finance cybersecurity, health data security and cybersecurity in transportation are to be addressed.  
  Funding  : Commonwealth Cyber Initiative – Virginia  
  PIs  : N. Tryfona  

 Building Capacity for Cyber Workforce  
 The project aims to (a) enhance and align the existing academic curricula of the Northern Virginia partners with industry-identified skills, the NICE workforce framework, as well as existing and projected practices, in order to create pathways that bridge the gap between education and jobs, (b) explore and align industry certification with credit bearing coursework and ensure dual enrolment and transfer between community colleges and 4-year institutions.  
  Funding  : Commonwealth Cyber Initiative – Virginia  
  PIs  : N. Tryfona  

 DARPA  
 The U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has signed a 30 month cooperative agreement worth up to $1.5 million with George Mason University and Tulane University to fund research to test and evaluate different methods and tools for analyzing complex social phenomena.  
  PIs  : Andreas Zuefle, Andrew Crooks, Dieter Pfoser, and Carola Wenk (@Tulane University)  

 NSF/AITF: Collaborative Research: Modeling Movement on Transportation Networks Using Uncertain Data  
 Creation of a unified framework for aggregating and analyzing diverse and uncertain movement data on transportation networks and to provide tools for querying and predicting traffic volume and movement in urban environments.  
  Research areas  : geo crowdsourcing, user-generated geo content, movement analytics, data mining  
  Funding  : NSF Medium, AitF  
  PIs  : Dieter Pfoser, Andreas Zuefle, and Carola Wenk (@Tulane University)  

 DIVES: Discovering Indicators for Interactions in Finance and Government Sector  
 DIVES aims to analyze and visualize patterns of linkage, influence, and governance in the crucial arenas of finance and the military; it combines expertise from data science, social network analysis, political anthropology, geography, and public policy analysis to mine big data, identify and visualize patterns and vital trends, and inform public policy.  
  Research areas  : graph databases, pattern mining, visualization, knowledge discovery  
  Funding  : GMU Multi-displinary Research Initiative  
  PIs  : Matthias Renz, Amy Best, Dieter Pfoser, Nektaria Tryfona, Janine Wedel  

 All Together Different   
  George Mason University  
  4400 University Drive  
  Fairfax, Virginia 22030  
  Tel: +1703-993-1000  
  © 2024 George Mason University   
   
 Powered by WordPress   
   
 To the top ↑   Up ↑    Sitemap 
  Contact 
  Title IX 
  Accessibility 
  Jobs 
  Student Consumer Information 
  Privacy Statement 
  FOIA 

  Important dates data: 
undefined

46. Conference STACS_1:
STACS |  
 Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science 

 About STACS    
 STACS 2025    
 Steering committee    
 Past conferences    
 Contact    
   
 Next conference  
 STACS 2025  will take place from March 5 to March 8, 2025 in Jena, Germany, chaired by Kim Thang Nguyen  (Université Grenoble-Alpes, France) and Michal Pilipczuk  (University of Warsaw, Poland) for track A, Olaf Beyersdorff  (Friedrich Schiller University Jena, Germany) and Elaine Pimentel  (University College London, UK) for track B.  
 Aim and scope  
 The STACS conference Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science  takes place each year since 1984, alternately in Germany and France.  
 Starting from 2023, STACS will consist of two tracks, A and B, to facilitate the work of the program committee(s). Typical topics of the conference include:  
 Track A:  
 algorithms and data structures including: design of parallel, distributed, approximation, parameterized and randomized algorithms; analysis of algorithms and combinatorics of data structures; computational geometry, cryptography, algorithms for machine learning, algorithmic game theory, quantum algorithms 
  complexity including: computational and structural complexity theory, parameterized complexity, randomness in computation 
   
 Track B:  
 automata and formal languages including: automata theory, games, algebraic and categorical methods, coding theory, models of computation, computability 
  logic in computer science including: finite model theory, database theory, semantics, type systems, program analysis, specification & verification, rewriting and deduction, learning theory, logical aspects of complexity 
   
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of STACS from 1984 to 2007 have been published in Lecture Notes in Computer Science, Springer  . Since 2008, the proceedings are published electronically by the Leibniz Center for Informatics in the open access series Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)  . You can access the proceedings from this  page. The referee process of STACS has a rebuttal phase since 2016, and become double blind since 2020.  
 STACS code of conduct  
 STACS has joined http://safetoc.org  since 2024. Registering for STACS will thus require that you agree to follow the Code of Conduct described below.  
 STACS is committed to be a respectful forum for its participants, free from any violence, discrimination or harassment of any nature. All STACS attendees are expected to behave accordingly.  
 If you experience or witness violence, discrimination, harassment or other unethical behaviour at the conference, we encourage you to seek advice and remedy through one or more of the following options:  
 Consult with the SafeToC counsellors of STACS (to be named before the conference). 
  Report to the conference chair, the PC chairs or the Steering Committee chair. The chairs are entitled to remove registered participants from the conference (without refunding the conference fees) if they are deemed to pose an ethical risk to other participants. The conference chair may contact the university committee ALEX dedicated to violence, unethical behaviour or harassment of any kind. Besides having an appointment with the victim, people in this committee can help for a medical support or for engaging any legal pursuit. 

  For any questions or remarks on this page, please contact the chairs of the steering committee  .  

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

47. Conference SST_3:
Skip to content      

 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 Tutorial day  

 Monday 2nd December  
 The first day of SST2024  will be the tutorial day, held in the same venue as the main conference. Tutorials are intensive instructional sessions that provide a comprehensive introduction to established or emerging research topics of interest to the SST community. Four tutorials will be conducted on the scheduled day, with two running in parallel sessions in the morning and two in the afternoon (see below). Each session is 3 hours in duration with a break. Participants can choose to attend two out of the four sessions  (i.e. one of two tutorials available at each time slot).  
 Participants have the option to register  for the tutorial day either independently, without attending the main conference, or as an addition to their main conference registration.  Lunch and morning and afternoon tea are included in the in-person registration fee.  
 After registration, please take a moment to indicate which two tutorial sessions you plan to attend via completing this   short survey     .   

 Tutorial 1: Phonetic documentation: How to develop a comprehensive description of a language’s sound system    
 Rosey Billington   (Australian National University)   
 Abstract:  Phonetic studies typically focus on highly specific speech phenomena. For some languages, such studies form part of an extensive body of research conducted over many decades, by many different researchers, cumulatively building a detailed understanding of the phonetic structures of the language. For minority and low-resource languages, such studies may be the only phonetic research on the language, and for the majority of the world’s languages, there is no phonetic research at all. This tutorial will focus on phonetic documentation, here referring to the systematic collection and analysis of speech data, particularly focusing on the phonetic realisation of phonological contrasts in a given language. We will discuss motivations for phonetic documentation, what comprehensive phonetic documentation might look like, and whether this is even possible. We will then consider key aspects of planning the collection or collation of acoustic phonetic data and undertaking appropriate analyses, and considerations for managing data and sharing findings.  
 Target audience:  This tutorial is open to researchers at any level, ideally with some knowledge of at least undergraduate-level phonetics and phonology. It will be of particular interest to participants considering or engaged in research on understudied languages, either through collecting new data or working with existing materials, and participants who are broadly interested in phonetic typology.  
 Requirements:  Participants should bring headphones and a laptop with Praat installed. No preparation will be required before the tutorial. Example audio files and suggested readings will be shared during the session.  

 Tutorial 2: An introduction to methods for acoustic analysis of voice quality   
 Joshua Penney   &  Hannah White   (Macquarie University)   
 Abstract:   In this tutorial, we will introduce a selection of methods for examining voice quality acoustically. The first session will provide a brief overview of core theoretical concepts and introduce acoustic measures that correspond to particular voice qualities, focussing on differences between modal, creaky, and breathy voices. We will demonstrate how these measures can be estimated, examined, and visualised. The second session will focus specifically on creaky voice, introducing semi-automatic methods for identifying creaky portions of speech.  The tutorial will include opportunities for hands on practical activities. Participants are also welcome to bring examples of their own data to work with (ideally limited to a few audio files to constrain processing time).   
 Target audience:    This tutorial is introductory and aimed at students/researchers with no (or minimal) experience in acoustic analysis of voice quality, although some basic phonetics knowledge is assumed. Participants should have basic competence working in R.    
 Requirements:    The tutorial will include practical activities enabling participants to work with sample voice quality data. Participants should bring a laptop with R/RStudio and the ggplot2, tidyverse, ands modes (  https://cran.r-project.org/src/contrib/Archive/modes/   ) packages installed.    
 The methods that will be demonstrated in this tutorial make use of specialised software, some of which require a Matlab license. Participants wishing to follow along and/or apply these methods to their own data will need to install the software listed below:    
 VoiceSauce (requires Matlab): | https://phonetics.ucla.edu/voicesauce/ 
  Reaper (requires installation and compilation): | https://github.com/google/REAPER 
  MacReaper (available for Mac only): | https://kjdallaston.com/projects/ 
  Note that access to this software is not necessary to take part in the session   . All methods will be demonstrated visually, and example data will be provided for all practical activities.    

 Tutorial 3: Cochlear implant sound processing and perception   
 Brett A. Swanson   (Cochlear Ltd)   
 Abstract:   A cochlear implant restores a sense of hearing to a person with severe to profound deafness. The objective of this tutorial is to provide an overview of signal processing and sound perception for cochlear implants, with emphasis on speech understanding in noisy conditions.   Multiple microphone beam-forming techniques can provide large improvements in speech intelligibility when speech and nose are spatially separated. When the speech and noise come from the same direction, noise reduction algorithms seek to identify and exploit specific noise characteristics. Many noise reduction algorithms can be understood as forms of multi-band AGC. A simple model that calculates how the signal-to-noise ratio is modified by the applied gains can make useful predictions of speech intelligibility under a variety of processing algorithms. These algorithms are commonly used in conjunction with auditory scene classification.    
 Requirements:   The tutorial will make use of Nucleus Toolbox for MATLAB,  which  has recently been released as open-source software (  https://github.com/Cochlear-Research/nucleus-toolbox   ). It  implements the core sound processing algorithm used in the Nucleus cochlear implant system manufactured by Cochlear Ltd  .    

 Tutorial 4: Prosodic prominence – a cross-linguistic exploration   
 Sasha Calhoun   (Victoria University of Wellington)   
 Abstract:  Across many languages,  prosodic prominence   has a key function in highlighting or emphasising a part of an utterance, e.g. because it is focal, contrastive or important, and is therefore a core part of the prosodic system of most languages. Prosodic research over the past decades has established that there is substantial variation across languages in how prominence is expressed, and that prominence must be analysed as part of the phonology of the language. Nonetheless, it is still common to see the assumption that prominence can be directly measured using acoustic cues like mean F0, duration and intensity. We explore how this can lead to erroneous conclusions, and better approaches, through examples of the three main prosodic prominence types: stress-based, phrase-based and register-based (Kügler & Calhoun, 2020).    
 Target audience:   The tutorial is open to researchers at any level, but is designed for those with little or no previous experience of prosodic analysis. Participants should ideally have some background in phonetics, but those working in related areas are most welcome.    
 Requirements:   Participants need to bring a laptop with headphones and  Praat   installed. Sound files and Praat TextGrids will be sent to tutorial participants in advance. If you have sound files of a language you would like to discuss, please send these to Sasha well in advance. Note in this case you must have permission to share these files with other tutorial participants.    

 ASSTA Details  

 Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association  
  ABN: 90 905 029 500  
  G.P.O. Box 143, Canberra City, ACT, 2601  
  Email Us   

 © ASSTA  

 Designed by DevApp®   

   
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content      

 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 
   
   Menu    
 Home 
  Attending SST2024 | Location and venue 
  Travel and accomodation 
  Code of conduct 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Information for presenters 
  Programme | Tutorial day 
  Welcome reception 
  Keynote speakers 
  Main programme | Main programme – Day 1 
  Main programme – Day 2 
  Main programme – Day 3 
  Poster session 
  Special sessions 
  SocioPhonAus4 
  Conference dinner 
  Student/ECR social event 
  Proceedings 

  Search    
 Search    Close this search box.    

 Call for papers  
 The Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association is pleased to call for papers for the 19th Australasian International Conference on Speech Science and Technology (SST2024).  
 Submissions are invited in all areas of speech science and technology, including:  
 Acoustic phonetics 
  Paralinguistics in speech and language 
  Applications of speech science and technology 
  Audiology 
  Computer assisted language learning 
  Corpus management and speech tools 
  First language acquisition 
  Forensic phonetics 
  Hearing and hearing impairment 
  Languages of Australia and Asia-Pacific (phonetics/phonology) 
  Low-resource languages 
  Pedagogical technologies for speech Second language acquisition 
  Sociophonetics 
  Speech signal processing, analysis, modelling and enhancement 
  Speech pathology 
  Speech perception 
  Speech production 
  Speech prosody, emotional speech, voice quality 
  Speech synthesis and speech recognition 
  Spoken language processing, translation, information retrieval and summarisation 
  Speaker and language recognition 
  Spoken dialog systems and analysis of conversation 
  Voice mechanisms, source-filter interactions 

 We are inviting two categories of submission  : 4-page papers (for oral or poster presentation, and publication in the proceedings; 4 pages plus references), and 1-page detailed abstracts (for poster presentation only).  
 Paper submission guidelines and access to EasyChair portal are available here  .  

 Invitation to submit to a special session   
 You are welcome to submit a 4-page paper to one of the special sessions:  
 Special session 1  : Sociophonetic variability in the English varieties of Australia (SocioPhonAus4)    
 Special session 2  : The phonetic expression of phonological length    
 Visit SST2024 special sessions  page for more information.  

 Tutorials and Special Sessions   
 Call for tutorials and special sessions is now closed.  

 Enquiries: [email protected]   

 ASSTA Details  

 Australasian Speech Science and Technology Association  
  ABN: 90 905 029 500  
  G.P.O. Box 143, Canberra City, ACT, 2601  
  Email Us   

 © ASSTA  

 Designed by DevApp®   

   Important dates data: 
undefined

48. Conference STACS_2:
42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science (STACS 2025)  
 Jena, March 04-07, 2025  

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Dates 
  Committees 
  Invited speakers 
  Location 
  Code of Conduct 
  Contact 
   
 Call for Papers  
 The 42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science is planned to take place from March 4th to March 7th in Jena, Germany.  
 STACS 2025 will consist of two tracks, A and B. Track A focuses on algorithms, data structures and complexity, while track B focuses on automata, logic, semantics, and theory of programming.  
 Authors are invited to submit papers presenting original and unpublished research on theoretical aspects of computer science. Topics covered by the tracks include, but are not limited to the following:  
 Track A. Algorithms, Data Structures and Complexity  
 Design of parallel algorithms 
  Distributed algorithms 
  Approximation algorithms 
  Parameterized algorithms 
  Randomized algorithms 
  Analysis of algorithms 
  Combinatorics of data structures 
  Computational geometry 
  Cryptography 
  Algorithms for machine learning 
  Algorithmic game theory 
  Quantum algorithms 
  Computational and structural complexity theory 
  Parameterised complexity 
  Randomness in computation 
    
 Track B. Automata, Logic, Semantics and Theory of Programming  
 Automata theory 
  Games and multi-agent systems 
  Algebraic and categorical methods 
  Models of computation 
  Concurrency 
  Timed systems 
  Finite model theory 
  Database theory 
  Semantics 
  Type systems 
  Program analysis 
  Specification and verification 
  Rewriting and deduction 
  Learning theory 
  Logical aspects of computability and complexity 

 Important Dates  
 Submission deadline: 26 September 2024, 23:59 AoE 
  Rebuttal: 15-21 November 2024 
  Author Notification: 16 December 2024 
  Camera-ready version: mid-January 2025 
  Conference: 4-7 March 2025 
  Submissions  
 Format of submissions  
 Submissions should be made through EasyChair, using this submission link  .  
 Authors are invited to submit an extended abstract or a full paper with at most 15 pages; this page limit excludes the title page, the references section, and a possible appendix. The title page should contain the title of the paper and the abstract, but no author information. The first section of the paper should start on the next page, and the appendix, if any, should also start on the next page after the bibliography.  
 In preparation of submissions, the usage of the LIPIcs style file is mandatory; no changes to font size, page geometry, etc. are permitted. Please refer to LIPIcs author instructions  . Submissions submitted after the deadline will not be considered, and submissions not adhering to the expected format risk rejection without consideration of the content.  
 Submissions should be made to appropriate tracks. The PCs reserve the right to reassign a paper to a different track, if deemed necessary.  
 The extended abstract should contain a succinct statement of the considered issues and of their motivation, a summary of the main results, and a brief explanation of their significance, accessible to non-specialist readers. This should be followed by a rigorous derivation of the claimed results. Proofs omitted due to space constraints should be put into an appendix, to be read by the program committee members at their discretion. It is allowed and encouraged to provide the full version of the paper as the appendix.  
 Simultaneous submission to other conferences with published proceedings or to journals is not allowed. PC members are allowed to submit their works as well, except for PC chairs.  
 Double-blind reviewing  
 As in the previous years, STACS 2025 will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process: submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. The purpose of the double-blind reviewing is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymised. In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas.  
 Conflicts of interest  
 Authors will be invited to give a list of persons with a Conflict of Interest (COI). A Conflict of Interest is limited to the following categories:  
 Family member or close friend. 
  Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  Person with the same affiliation. 
  Involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Reviewer owes the author a favor (e.g., recently requested a reference letter). 
  Frequent or recent collaborator (within last 3 years) who cannot objectively review your work. 
  If you are unsure about a conflict in which a reviewer may have positive bias towards your paper, we recommend erring on the side of not declaring it since PC members and sub-reviewers will be also asked if they feel that they can fairly evaluate your paper. If an author believes that they have a valid reason for a Conflict of Interest not listed above, then they can contact PC chairs. Falsely declared conflicts (i.e., do not satisfy one of the listed reasons) risk rejection without consideration of merit. Authors will be asked to declare conflicts with PC members during submission, but an author can contact PC chairs directly if they have a conflict with an individual who is likely to be asked to serve as a subreviewer for the paper.  
 Rebuttal  
 There will be a rebuttal period for authors. Authors will receive the reviews of their submissions and have a few days to prepare and submit rebuttals. These rebuttals become part of the PC discussions, but entail no specific responses. Rebuttals will be handled through EasyChair.  
 Conference  
 At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register at the conference. For authors who cannot present their paper in person, a possibility for remote presentation will be offered.  
 Proceedings  
 Accepted papers will be published in the proceedings of the symposium. As usual, these proceedings will appear in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics ( LIPIcs  ) series, based at Schloss Dagstuhl. This guarantees perennial, free and easy electronic access, while the authors retain the rights over their work. With their submission, authors consent to sign a license authorizing the program committee chairs to organize the electronic publication of their paper, provided the paper is accepted.  
 The final camera-ready of each accepted paper should be formatted in accordance with the LIPIcs guidelines  and taking reviewer comments into account. General instructions regarding the preparation of the camera-ready version and the style can be found at LIPIcs author instructions  . Notice that there is a limit of 15 pages for the main body of the final camera-ready, excluding the bibliography, the front page(s) (authors, affiliation, keywords, abstract, ...) and a brief appendix (of up to 5 pages) from this page limit. Any appendices to the initial submission were officially not under review and thus should not be included in the proceedings. In general, major new content can be added only if suggested by the reviewers. You are however more than welcome to have the proceedings paper link to the full version published elsewhere (e.g., on arXiv). The precise link to the full version may even be provided later, during author approval period (expected in February).  
 STACS Code of Conduct  
 STACS joined http://safetoc.org  . Registering for STACS 2025 thus requires that you agree to follow the Code of Conduct described below.  
 STACS is committed to be a respectful forum for its participants, free from any violence, discrimination or harassment of any nature. All STACS attendees are expected to behave accordingly.  
 If you experience or witness violence, discrimination, harassment or other unethical behaviour at the conference, we encourage you to seek advice and remedy through one or more of the following options:  
 Consult with the SafeToC advocates of STACS (named below). 
  Report to the conference chair, the PC chairs or the Steering Committee chair. 
  The chairs are entitled to remove registered participants from the conference (without refunding the conference fees) if they are deemed to pose an ethical risk to other participants. The conference chair may contact the local university committee dedicated to address violence, unethical behaviour or harassment of any kind. Besides having an appointment with the victim, this committee can assist with medical support and with taking legal action.  
 STACS 2025 advocates  
 Thomas Schwentick 
  Sylvain Schmitz 
  Marlene Gründel 
  Tim Hoffmann 
  Kaspar Kasche 
  Luc Spachmann 
   
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
   42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science (STACS 2025)  
 Jena, March 04-07, 2025  

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Dates 
  Committees 
  Invited speakers 
  Location 
  Code of Conduct 
  Contact 
   
 Important Dates  
 All times are Anywhere on Earth (AoE, UTC-12).  
 Submission deadline: September 26, 2024 
  Feedback to authors: November 15, 2024 
  Rebuttal: November 21, 2024 
  Author Notification: December 16, 2024 
  Camera-ready version: January 2025 
  Conference: March 04-07, 2025

49. Conference STOC_0:
General Information  
 The 57th ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing (STOC 2025) is sponsored by the ACM Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computation Theory and will be held in Prague, Czech Republic Monday, June 23 - Friday, June 27, 2025  .  
 STOC 2025 is part of a 5-day TheoryFest with an expanded program of STOC papers, poster sessions, and a broad cross-section of invited talks, workshops, tutorials, and social events.   
 Important Dates  
 STOC Paper Submission Deadline:  Monday, November 4, 2024 (7:59pm EST)  
 Submitted Papers Notification:  February 1, 2025  
 Final STOC Papers Version Due:  March 31, 2025.  
 Conference Dates: June 23-27, 2025   
 STOC Paper Submission  
 The submission server is now open. See the Call for Papers  .   
 Typical but not exclusive topics of interest include algorithms and data structures, computational complexity, randomness in computing algorithmic graph theory and combinatorics, analysis of Boolean functions, approximation algorithms, cryptography, computational learning theory, continuous and discrete optimization, economics and computation, parallel and distributed algorithms, quantum computing algorithmic coding theory, computational geometry and topology computational applications of logic, algebraic computation, and computational and foundational aspects of areas such as machine learning, fairness, privacy, networks, data management, databases and computational biology. Papers that extend the reach of the theory of computing, or raise important problems that can benefit from theoretical investigation and analysis, are encouraged. The program committee will make every effort to consider a broad range of areas.  
 Double-blind reviewing will be used, and therefore submissions should not contain the authors' names or identifying information.   
 Organizers:  
 Local Arrangements:  Michal Koucký (Charles University, Chair), Jan Kratochvil (Charles University), Jiří Sgall (Charles University),Tung Anh Vu (Charles University), CONFORG, s.r.o.  
 Program Committee Chair:  Nikhil Bansal (University of Michigan)  
 Theory Fest Chair:  Raghu Meka (UCLA)  

  
Call for papers data: 
Call for Papers  
 STOC 2025  
   
 June 23-27, 2025  
  Prague, Czech Republic  
  OREA Hotel Pyramida  
   
 Paper Submission Deadline: Monday, November 4, 2024, 7:59pm EST.  
   
 Camera-ready deadline for accepted papers: March 31, 2025.  
   
 The 57th ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing (STOC 2025)  , sponsored by the ACM Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computation Theory ( SIGACT  ), will be held in Prague, Czech Republic from Monday, June 23  to Friday, June 27  .  
 Papers presenting new and original research on the theory of computation are sought. Typical but not exclusive topics of interest include algorithms and data structures, computational complexity, randomness in computing, algorithmic graph theory and combinatorics, analysis of Boolean functions, approximation algorithms, cryptography, computational learning theory, continuous and discrete optimization, economics and computation, parallel and distributed algorithms, quantum computing, algorithmic coding theory, computational geometry and topology, computational applications of logic, algebraic computation, and computational and foundational aspects of areas such as machine learning, fairness, privacy, networks, data management, databases and computational biology. Papers that extend the reach of the theory of computing, or raise important problems that can benefit from theoretical investigation and analysis, are encouraged. The program committee will make every effort to consider a broad range of areas.  
 Submission format:  Submissions should start with a title page consisting of the title of the paper, no author information (see below)  , and an abstract of a few paragraphs summarizing the paper's contributions. There is no page limit and authors are encouraged to use the "full version" of their paper as the submission. Each submission should contain within the initial ten pages following the title page a clear presentation of the merits of the paper, including a discussion of the paper's importance within the context of prior work and a description of the key technical and conceptual ideas used to achieve its main claims. This part of the submission should be addressed to a broad spectrum of theoretical computer science researchers, not solely to experts in the subarea. Proofs must be provided that can enable the main mathematical claims of the paper to be fully verified.  
   
  Although there is no bound on the length of a submission, material other than the abstract, table of contents, and the first ten pages will be read at the committee's discretion. Authors are encouraged to put the references at the very end of the submission. The submission should be typeset using 11-point or larger fonts, in a single-column, single-space (between lines) format with ample spacing throughout and 1-inch margins all around, on letter-size (8 1/2 x 11 inch) paper. Submissions deviating significantly from these guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits.  
   
  STOC 2025 will use double-blind reviewing  , and as such, submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors' names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. Authors should not include obvious references that reveal their own identity, and should ensure that any references to their own related work are in the third person (e.g., not "We build on our previous work…" but rather "We build on the work of…").  
   
  The purpose of this double-blind process is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, and not to make it impossible for them to discover who the authors are if they were to try. (In particular, to manage Conflicts Of Interests, author information will be available to the PC Chair, and possibly to a small set of PC Members on an as-needed basis.) Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas.  
   
  All submissions will be treated as confidential, and will only be disclosed to the committee and their chosen sub-referees. In addition, the program committee may consult with journal editors and program chairs of other conferences about controversial issues such as parallel submissions.  
   
  PC Member Submissions:  Submissions authored or coauthored by PC members (other than the PC chair) are allowed.  
   
  Recommended Best Practices for References:  Authors are encouraged to include hyperlink cross-referencing for bibliographic entries, theorems, sections, and so on, using for example the hyperref, cleverref, or varioref packages. If helpful, a table of contents may be added on a page immediately following the title page; this will not count towards the first ten pages.  
   
  Authors are asked to avoid "et al." in citations in favor of an equal mention of all authors' surnames. If the number of authors is large, consider writing "\cite{XYZ} show..." instead of "X et al. show". Bibliographic references should preferably be alphanumeric (e.g., the first letters of the authors' surnames, or at least the first three followed by +) followed by year of publication, instead of just a numerical reference. If using BibTeX, this can be accomplished by using \bibliographystyle{alpha} or \bibliographystyle{alphaurl}.  
 Conflict of Interest Policy:  The submission process will include declaration of conflicts of interest (COI), to help manage the double-blind review process. This declared COI information can only be seen by the program committee chair and thus cannot be used by the rest of the program committee to deanonymize authors. (Notwithstanding, a small set of PC Members may see some of this information if their input is required in managing COIs.) STOC 2025 will use the following Conflict of Interest Policy, which combines aspects suggested by SafeToC (see here  ) and the ACM Conflict of Interest policy  . Authors should limit their COI declaration to the following categories:  
 Family member or close friend. 
  Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  Person with the same affiliation. 
  Person involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Reviewer owes author a favor (e.g., recently requested a reference letter). 
  Frequent/recent collaborator, or recipients of joint funding (within the last 2 years or reasonably expected within the next year) who you believe cannot objectively review your work. 
  If an author believes that they have a valid reason for a conflict of interest not listed above, then they can contact the PC chair or any ToC advocate  affiliated with this conference directly. Note that if the program chair has reason to doubt the validity of the claim of conflict of interest, then they may request that a ToC advocate confidentially verify the reason for the conflict. Falsely declared conflicts (i.e., ones that do not satisfy one of the listed reasons) risk rejection without consideration of merit. If authors are uncertain, they are encouraged to email the PC chair or a ToC advocate.  
 Submission Instructions:  Authors are required to submit their papers electronically, in PDF (without security restrictions on copying or printing).  
 The submission server  is scheduled to open on October 1, 2024.   
 It is expected that authors of accepted papers will make their full papers, with proofs, publicly available on arXiv, ECCC, or a similar preprint service by the camera-ready deadline.  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects. Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 Prior and Simultaneous Submissions:  The conference will follow SIGACT's policy on prior publication and simultaneous submissions. Work that has been previously published in another conference proceedings or journal, or which is scheduled for publication prior to June 2025, will not be considered for acceptance at STOC 2025. The only exception to this policy are prior or simultaneous publications appearing in the Science and Nature journals. SIGACT policy does not allow simultaneous submissions of the same (or essentially the same) material to another conference with published proceedings. The program committee may consult with program chairs of other (past or future) conferences to find out about closely related submissions.  
 Presentation of Accepted Papers:  One author of each accepted paper will be expected to register and present the work in the form of a talk at the conference. Authors are expected to contact the program chair before submission in case it is anticipated that a strong reason (e.g., international travel restrictions) would prevent all authors from attending the conference. Authors will also be asked to upload a recording of their talk in advance of the conference, to enable it to be viewed by people who cannot attend in person.  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
  
 Dates and other relevant information:  
 Paper submission deadline:  Monday, November 4, 2024, 7:59pm EST. There is no separate abstract submission deadline.  
   
  Notification date:  by email on or before February 1, 2025.  
   
  Camera-ready versions of accepted papers:  A camera-ready copy of each accepted paper is required by March 31, 2025. The format of your paper must strictly adhere to the ACM Format  , and specifically the sigconf option. (LaTeX users, please use: \documentclass[sigconf,screen]{acmart}). Additional instructions will be sent directly to the authors of accepted papers.  
   
  STOC talks:  Monday morning June 23 to Friday afternoon June 27, 2025.  
   
 Publication date:  AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. (For those rare conferences whose proceedings are published in the ACM Digital Library after the conference is over, the official publication date remains the first day of the conference.)  
 Best Paper Award:  The program committee may designate up to three papers accepted to the conference as STOC Best Papers. All submissions are automatically eligible. In addition to the standard COI-avoidance, the final designation process will be conducted by the subset of PC Members with no submission to the conference. Rules for the award can be found at https://www.sigact.org/prizes/best_paper.html  .  
 Danny Lewin Best Student Paper Award:  A prize of $500 will be given to the author(s) of the best student-authored paper (or split between more than one paper if there is a tie). A paper is eligible if all of its authors are full-time students at the time of submission. To inform the program committee about a paper's eligibility, check the appropriate box in the web form on the submission server. The list of past winners can be found at https://www.sigact.org/prizes/student.html  .  
 Access to Proceedings:  The committee intends to provide registered attendees with internet access to the Proceedings on a password-protected site that will be available from about two weeks before the conference until the end of the conference. Authors can opt out of this online distribution by contacting the program committee chair by March 19, 2025.  
 Student Travel Awards:  SIGACT provides travel awards to students without available support, and researchers from developing countries. More information on the award process will be posted later on.  
 Program Committee:  
  
 Amir Abboud  (ToC Advocate)  , Weizmann Institute of Science  
  Pankaj K. Agarwal  , Duke University  
  Sepehr Assadi  , University of Waterloo  
  Mitali Bafna  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
  Nikhil Bansal  (chair)  , University of Michigan  
  Soheil Behnezhad  , Northeastern University  
  Petra Berenbrink  , University of Hamburg  
  Aaron Bernstein  , NYU Tandon  
  Nir Bitansky  , NYU Courant and Tel Aviv University  
  Zvika Brakerski  , Weizmann Institute of Science  
  Timothy Chan  , University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  
  Zongchen Chen  , Georgia Tech  
  Andrew Childs  , University of Maryland  
  Julia Chuzhoy  , Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago  
  Edith Cohen  , Google Research  
  Artur Czumaj  , University of Warwick  
  Dan Dadush  , CWI Amsterdam  
  Anindya De  , University of Pennsylvania  
  Shahar Dobzinski  , Weizmann Institute of Science  
  Michal Feldman  (ToC Advocate)  , Tel Aviv University  
  Yuval Filmus  , Technion  
  Badih Ghazi  , Google Research  
  Mika Goos  , EPFL  
  David Gosset  , University of Waterloo  
  Elena Grigorescu  , Purdue University  
  Prahladh Harsha  , TIFR  
  Shuichi Hirahara  , NII Japan  
  Zhiyi Huang  , University of Hong Kong  
  Sungjin Im  , UC Santa Cruz  
  Stacey Jeffery  , CWI and University of Amsterdam  
  Haotian Jiang  , University of Chicago  
  Gautam Kamath  , University of Waterloo  
  Dakshita Khurana  (ToC Advocate)  , University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  
  Pravesh Kothari  , Princeton University  
  Amit Kumar  , IIT Delhi  
  William Kuszmaul  , Carnegie Mellon University  
  Rasmus Kyng  , ETH Zurich | Shi Li  , Nanjing University  
  Nutan Limaye  , IT University of Copenhagen  
  Kuikui Liu  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
  Alex Lombardi  , Princeton University  
  Brendan Lucier  , Microsoft Research  
  Kostya Makarychev  , Northwestern University  
  Daniel Marx  , CISPA  
  Claire Mathieu  , CNRS Paris  
  Dor Minzer  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
  Marco Molinaro  , PUC-Rio and Microsoft Research  
  Shay Moran  , Technion and Google Research  
  Kamesh Munagala  , Duke University  
  Danupon Nanongkai  , MPI Saarbruecken  
  Jesper Nederlof  , Utrecht University  
  Merav Parter  , Weizmann Institute of Science  
  Marcin Pilipczuk  , University of Warsaw  
  Seth Pettie  , University of Michigan  
  Harald Raecke  , TU Munich  
  Sofya Raskhodnikova  , Boston University  
  Susanna Rezende  , Lund University  
  Thomas Rothvoss  , University of Washington  
  Aviad Rubinstein  , Stanford University  
  Ramprasad Saptharishi  , TIFR  
  Chris Schwiegelshohn  , Aarhus University  
  Aaron Sidford  , Stanford University  
  Makrand Sinha  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  
  Amnon Ta-Shma  , Tel Aviv University  
  Inbal Talgam-Cohen  (ToC Advocate)  , Technion  
  Eva Tardos  (ToC Advocate)  , Cornell University  
  Roei Tell  , University of Toronto  
  Jonathan Ullman  , Northeastern University  
  Thuy-Duong Vuong  , UC Berkeley  
  Jens Vygen  , University of Bonn  
  Alex Wein  , UC Davis  
  Daniel Wichs  , Northeastern University and NTT Research  
  Ryan Williams  , Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
  Henry Yuen  , Columbia University  
  Mark Zhandry  , NTT Research  
  Uri Zwick  , Tel Aviv University 
  
 Local Arrangements Chair:  Michal Koucky  , Charles University  
  Theory Fest Chair:  Raghu Meka  , UCLA  
   
  Important dates data: 
undefined

50. Conference STACS_3:
Warning  : Array to string conversion in /www/wwwroot/conferenceineurope.org/conf-detail.php  on line 26   
  <br /> <b>Warning</b>: Undefined variable $event_name in <b>/www/wwwroot/conferenceineurope.org/conf-detail.php</b> on line <b>28</b><br /> <br /> <b>Deprecated</b>: stripslashes(): Passing null to parameter #1 ($string) of type string is deprecated in <b>/www/wwwroot/conferenceineurope.org/classes/proj_function.php</b> on line <b>190</b><br /> Important Events: Conference in Europe        

 Login 
  Register 

 Subscribe 

 Home 
  About Us 
  Journals | Scopus Journals 
  Sci Journals 
  Wos Journals 
  Google Scholar 
  Scopus conferences 
  Blog 
  Add Events 
  All Countries 
  Contact Us 
  Register 
  Login 

 Find Conferences in Europe  Select A Country  Andorra  Armenia  Austria  Belarus  Belgium  Bulgaria  Croatia (Hrvatska)  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Estonia  Finland  France  Georgia  Germany  Greece  Hungary  Iceland  Ireland  Italy  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macedonia  Malta  Monaco  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Romania  San Marino  Scotland  Serbia  Slovakia  Slovenia  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  UK  Ukraine  Vatican City     
   
 Select A Topic  Accidents and Injuries  Accounting  Advanced Sociology of Education  Aeronautical  African Literature  African Studies  Agriculture  AI  Allergy  Alternative Health  American Studies  Anesthesia  Animal  Animal Genetics  Anthropology  Applied Mathematics  Aquaculture  Aquatic Nutrition and Health  Arbitration and Mediation  Archaeology  Architecture  Art History  Artificial Intelligence  Arts  Asian Studies  Asthma  Astronomy  Autism  Aviation Technology  Ayurveda  Banking  Bankruptcy and Debt  Behavioral Medicine  Big Data  Biodiversity  Bioethics  Bioinformatics  Biology  Biology Education  Biomaterials  Biomedical Engineering  Biomedicine  Bionuclear Engineering  Biophysics  Biotechnology  Blockchain  Blood Pressure  Boolean Algebra  Brain  Built Environment  Business  Business Ethics  Business Statistics  Cancer  Cardiology  Career fair  Categorical Algebra  Cell Sciences  Chemistry  Children and Youth  Children's Health  Cholesterol  Church conference  Civil Rights  Clinical Laboratory  Common cold  Communications and Media  Commutative Algebra  Complex Analysis  Complex Systems  Computational Mathematics  Computational science  Computer Education and Instructional Technology  Computer Science  Computer software and applications  Computing  Conflict resolution  Consumer Issues  Control and Automation  Control Automation  Cosmetology  Creative Education and Learning  Creativity  Criminal Law  Critical care  crop science  Cryptography  Culture  Cybersecurity  Dairy Sciences  Dangerous Products  Data acquisition  Dentistry  Depression  Dermatology  Design  Development Studies  Diabetes  Digestive Disorders  Disability and Rehabilitation  Disaster Management  Discourse  Distance Education  Divorce and Family Law  Drug Discovery  E-commerce  E-learning  Earth Observation  Earth Sciences  Ecology  Economics  Ecosystems  Education  Education and Human Development  Education fair  Education Law  Educational and Pedagogical Sciences  Educational Systems Planning  Elder law and Aging  Electrical  Electronics  Embedded systems  Emergency medicine  Employee's Right  Energy  Engineering  Engineering Education and Research  English Literature  Ent  Entrepreneurship  Environment  Epidemiology  Estates and Probbate  European Studies  Exercise Science  Eye Health  Family Medicine  Film studies  Finance  First Aid and Emergencies  Fisheries  Food Safety  Foreign Language  Forensic  Forestry  Gastroenterology  Gender studies  Genetics  Geophysics and Geology  Gerontology  GIS  GLBT Studies  Global Politics  Global Positioning System  Globalization  Gynecology  Headache  Health  Health Care Law  Health Disparity  Healthcare  Healthy Living  Heart Health  Heat Transfer  Hepatitis  Herbal medicine  Higher Education  History  HIV/AIDS  Homological Algebra  Human Geography  Human Resource Management  Human Rights  Hydrology  Hygiene  Identity  Image Processing  Immigration Law  Immune Systems  Income Disparity  Industrial Application  Industrial Engineering  Infections  Infectious diseases  Influenza Conference  Information science  Information Security  Information Technology  Intellectual property  Interdisciplinary studies  International Business  International Relations  Internet  Internet Law For The Public  IOT  Islamic Studies  Justice and legal studies  Labor Economics  Language  Law  Lawsuits and Lawyers  Leadership  Learning  Liberal Arts education  Lifelong Learning  Light Water Reactor Technology  Linear Algebra  Linguistic  Linguistics  Literacy Perspectives  Literature  Local Government  Logistics  lung disease  Management  Manufacturing  Marine Engineering  Marketing  Material Science  Mathematical sciences  Mathematics  Mechanical  Media Design  Medical  Medical equipment  Medical ethics  Medical Imaging  Medical Science  Medical Statistics  Medicine  Memory  Men's Health  Mental Health  Metabolism  Meteorology  Microbiology  Micromanagement  Migraine  Military  Mining  Multiculturalism  Multidisciplinary Studies  Museums and heritage  Music  Music Education  Mycobacterial Diseases  Nanotechnology and Smart Materials  Natural Language  Nervous System  Networking  Neurology  Neuroscience  Nuclear Engineering  Nuclear Fuel  Nuclear Fusion  Nuclear Proliferation  Nuclear Safety  Nuclear Waste  Number Theory  Numerical Analysis  Nursing  Nursing Informatics and Education  Nutrition  Obesity  Occupational Science  Oceanography  Oncology  Operational Research  Ophthalmology  Optimization Theory  Oral Health  Orthodontics  Orthopedics  Osteoporosis  Pain Management  Palliative Care  Pathology  Pattern Recognition  Pedagogical Methods  Pediatrics  Pharmaceutical  Pharmacy  Philosophy  Physical Education  Physical Therapy  Physics  Plant Systems Biology  Plasma Physics  Poetry  Political Science  Politics  Polymers and Plastics  Poverty  Pregnancy  Probability  Production Engineering  Prostate Cancer  Prosthodontics  Psychiatry  Psychology  Psychology Of Violence  Public Health  Public Policy  Public Policy and Governance  Pulmonology  Quantum Engineering  Racial Equality  Racial Issues  Radiation  Radiography  Radiology  Reactor Engineering  Real Estate  Reciprocity Laws  Regression Analysis  Religious studies  Renewable Energy  Representation Theory  Robotics  Securities Law  Sexual Health  Sexuality and eroticism  Signal Processing  Skin care  Sleep Disorders  Small business  Small scale business  Smart technology  Social Sciences  Social Security And Retirement  Social Work  Sociology  Soft computing  Software Engineering  Soil  soil science  Space Environment  Spirituality  Sport Coaching  Sport science  Sports and Fitness  Sports Biomechanics  Sports Engineering  Sports Law  Sports Management  Sports Medicine  Sports Science and Nutrition  Sports Technology  Statistical Inference  Statistics  Strategic Management  Structural Engineering  Supply Chain Management  Surgery  Survival Analysis  Sustainable Development  Systems Engineering  Teaching  Technology  Thermal Hydraulics  Thyroid  Time Series  Tourism  Traditional medicine  Transport  Trauma care  Trichology  Ultrasound  Urban studies  Urology  Vaccines  Vector Spaces  Veterinary and Biomedical Sciences  Veterinary Biochemistry  Veterinary Forensics  Veterinary Histopathology  Veterinary Science  Violence  Vision Engineering  Waste Management  Water  Wearable technology  Wireless Communication  Women's Health  Youth Conference     
   
 Select A Year  2024  2025  2026  2027     
   
 Select A Month  January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December     
   
  Search    

 42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science (STACS 2025)  
 Conference Details :   
 The 42nd International Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science is planned to take place from March 04 to March 07, 2025 in Jena, Germany. STACS 2025 will consist of two tracks. Track A focuses on algorithms, data structures and complexity. Track B focuses on automata, logic, semantics,  
  
 Type | Conference 
 Status | Active 
 Venue | Jena,Germany 
 Conference Date | 2025-03-04 To   2025-03-07 
 Deadline for Abstract/Paper Submissions | 2025-03-01 
 Conference Category | Computer Science 
 Organize By | STACS 2025 
 Website | Click Here 
 Email Id | stacs2025@uni-jena.de 
  
 Conference Topic:   
 Computer Science  

 Popular Topics  
  Agriculture  Animal 
  Animal Genetics 
  Aquatic Nutrition and Health 
  crop science 
  Dairy Sciences 
  Fisheries 
  Mycobacterial Diseases 
  Plant Systems Biology 
  soil science 
  Veterinary and Biomedical Sciences 
  Veterinary Biochemistry 
  Veterinary Forensics 
  Veterinary Histopathology 
  Veterinary Science 
    
  Business and Economics  Accounting 
  Banking 
  Business 
  Business Ethics 
  Business Statistics 
  E-commerce 
  Economics 
  Entrepreneurship 
  Finance 
  Human Resource Management 
  International Business 
  Leadership 
  Logistics 
  Management 
  Marketing 
  Micromanagement 
  Small business 
  Small scale business 
  Strategic Management 
  Supply Chain Management 
    
  Education  Advanced Sociology of Education 
  Biology Education 
  Career fair 
  Computer Education and Instructional Technology 
  Creative Education and Learning 
  Distance Education 
  E-learning 
  Education 
  Education and Human Development 
  Education fair 
  Educational and Pedagogical Sciences 
  Educational Systems Planning 
  Engineering Education and Research 
  Foreign Language 
  Higher Education 
  Learning 
  Lifelong Learning 
  Linguistics 
  Media Design 
  Music Education 
  Nursing Informatics and Education 
  Pedagogical Methods 
  Teaching 
    
  Engineering and Technology  Aeronautical 
  AI 
  Architecture 
  Artificial Intelligence 
  Aviation Technology 
  Big Data 
  Bioinformatics 
  Biomedical Engineering 
  Bionuclear Engineering 
  Biotechnology 
  Computer Science 
  Computer software and applications 
  Computing 
  Control Automation 
  Cybersecurity 
  Design 
  Electrical 
  Electronics 
  Energy 
  Engineering 
  Forestry 
  Heat Transfer 
  Image Processing 
  Industrial Application 
  Industrial Engineering 
  Information Technology 
  Internet 
  IOT 
  Light Water Reactor Technology 
  Manufacturing 
  Marine Engineering 
  Material Science 
  Mechanical 
  Military 
  Mining 
  Nanotechnology and Smart Materials 
  Natural Language 
  Networking 
  Nuclear Engineering 
  Nuclear Fuel 
  Nuclear Fusion 
  Nuclear Proliferation 
  Nuclear Safety 
  Nuclear Waste 
  Pattern Recognition 
  Plasma Physics 
  Polymers and Plastics 
  Production Engineering 
  Quantum Engineering 
  Radiation 
  Reactor Engineering 
  Renewable Energy 
  Robotics 
  Signal Processing 
  Smart technology 
  Soft computing 
  Software Engineering 
  Space Environment 
  Structural Engineering 
  Systems Engineering 
  Technology 
  Thermal Hydraulics 
  Transport 
  Vision Engineering 
  Wearable technology 
  Wireless Communication 
    
  Interdisciplinary  Children and Youth 
  Communications and Media 
  Complex Systems 
  Conflict resolution 
  Creativity 
  Culture 
  Disaster Management 
  Discourse 
  Film studies 
  Gender studies 
  GLBT Studies 
  Globalization 
  HIV/AIDS 
  Human Rights 
  Identity 
  Memory 
  Poverty 
  Public Policy 
  Public Policy and Governance 
  Sexuality and eroticism 
  Spirituality 
  Sport science 
  Tourism 
  Urban studies 
  Violence 
    
  Law  Accidents and Injuries 
  Arbitration and Mediation 
  Bankruptcy and Debt 
  Civil Rights 
  Consumer Issues 
  Criminal Law 
  Dangerous Products 
  Divorce and Family Law 
  Education Law 
  Elder law and Aging 
  Employee's Right 
  Estates and Probbate 
  Global Politics 
  Health Care Law 
  Immigration Law 
  Intellectual property 
  Internet Law For The Public 
  Justice and legal studies 
  Law 
  Lawsuits and Lawyers 
  Political Science 
  Real Estate 
  Securities Law 
  Social Security And Retirement 
    
  Mathematics and statistics  Applied Mathematics 
  Blockchain 
  Boolean Algebra 
  Categorical Algebra 
  Commutative Algebra 
  Complex Analysis 
  Computational Mathematics 
  Computational science 
  Control and Automation 
  Cryptography 
  Data acquisition 
  Embedded systems 
  Homological Algebra 
  Information Security 
  Linear Algebra 
  Mathematical sciences 
  Mathematics 
  Number Theory 
  Numerical Analysis 
  Operational Research 
  Optimization Theory 
  Probability 
  Reciprocity Laws 
  Regression Analysis 
  Representation Theory 
  Statistical Inference 
  Statistics 
  Survival Analysis 
  Time Series 
  Vector Spaces 
    
  Medical And Health Science  Allergy 
  Alternative Health 
  Anesthesia 
  Asthma 
  Autism 
  Ayurveda 
  Behavioral Medicine 
  Bioethics 
  Biomedicine 
  Biophysics 
  Blood Pressure 
  Brain 
  Cancer 
  Cardiology 
  Cell Sciences 
  Children's Health 
  Cholesterol 
  Clinical Laboratory 
  Common cold 
  Cosmetology 
  Critical care 
  Dentistry 
  Depression 
  Dermatology 
  Diabetes 
  Digestive Disorders 
  Disability and Rehabilitation 
  Drug Discovery 
  Emergency medicine 
  Ent 
  Epidemiology 
  Eye Health 
  Family Medicine 
  First Aid and Emergencies 
  Food Safety 
  Forensic 
  Gastroenterology 
  Gerontology 
  Gynecology 
  Headache 
  Health 
  Healthcare 
  Healthy Living 
  Heart Health 
  Hepatitis 
  Herbal medicine 
  Hygiene 
  Immune Systems 
  Infections 
  Infectious diseases 
  Influenza Conference 
  lung disease 
  Medical 
  Medical equipment 
  Medical ethics 
  Medical Imaging 
  Medical Science 
  Medical Statistics 
  Medicine 
  Men's Health 
  Mental Health 
  Metabolism 
  Microbiology 
  Migraine 
  Nervous System 
  Neurology 
  Neuroscience 
  Nursing 
  Nutrition 
  Obesity 
  Oncology 
  Ophthalmology 
  Oral Health 
  Orthodontics 
  Orthopedics 
  Osteoporosis 
  Pain Management 
  Palliative Care 
  Pathology 
  Pediatrics 
  Pharmaceutical 
  Pharmacy 
  Pregnancy 
  Prostate Cancer 
  Prosthodontics 
  Psychiatry 
  Public Health 
  Pulmonology 
  Radiography 
  Radiology 
  Sexual Health 
  Skin care 
  Sleep Disorders 
  Surgery 
  Thyroid 
  Traditional medicine 
  Trauma care 
  Trichology 
  Ultrasound 
  Urology 
  Vaccines 
  Women's Health 
    
  Physical and life sciences  Agriculture 
  Aquaculture 
  Archaeology 
  Astronomy 
  Biodiversity 
  Biology 
  Biomaterials 
  Chemistry 
  Earth Observation 
  Earth Sciences 
  Ecology 
  Ecosystems 
  Environment 
  Genetics 
  Geophysics and Geology 
  GIS 
  Global Positioning System 
  Hydrology 
  Meteorology 
  Oceanography 
  Physics 
  Soil 
  Sustainable Development 
  Waste Management 
  Water 
    
  Social Sciences and Humanities  African Literature 
  African Studies 
  American Studies 
  Anthropology 
  Art History 
  Arts 
  Asian Studies 
  Built Environment 
  Church conference 
  Development Studies 
  English Literature 
  European Studies 
  Health Disparity 
  History 
  Human Geography 
  Income Disparity 
  Information science 
  Interdisciplinary studies 
  International Relations 
  Islamic Studies 
  Labor Economics 
  Language 
  Liberal Arts education 
  Linguistic 
  Literacy Perspectives 
  Literature 
  Local Government 
  Multiculturalism 
  Multidisciplinary Studies 
  Museums and heritage 
  Music 
  Occupational Science 
  Philosophy 
  Poetry 
  Politics 
  Psychology 
  Psychology Of Violence 
  Racial Equality 
  Racial Issues 
  Religious studies 
  Social Sciences 
  Social Work 
  Sociology 
  Youth Conference 
    
  Sports Science  Exercise Science 
  Physical Education 
  Physical Therapy 
  Sport Coaching 
  Sports and Fitness 
  Sports Biomechanics 
  Sports Engineering 
  Sports Law 
  Sports Management 
  Sports Medicine 
  Sports Science and Nutrition 
  Sports Technology 

 Newsletter  Sign up to our newsletter to get the latest offers and articles direct to your inbox.  
  Subscribe    

   Social  

 Quick Links  
 Home 
  Login 
  Register 
  Add New Event 
  Blog 
  Contact Us 

 Cookie Policy 
  Terms of Use 
  Privacy Policy 
  Conference Partner 
  Faq 
  About Conferenceineurope.org 

 About Conference in Europe  
 Find all upcoming European International Conferences on Social Science and Economics, Innovation and Management, Engineering and Technology, Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Medical Science, Psychology, Language and Teaching, Natural Science and Environment, Law and Political Science, Chemical and Biochemical Engineering, Applied Physics and Mathematics, Advances in Business Management and Information Technology, Forestry Food and Sustainable Agriculture, Mechanical & Production Engineering etc.  

 © 2024 Conference In Europe All Rights Reserved  

    Clear All    

 Country 
  City 
  Topics 
    
 Afghanistan 
  Albania 
  Algeria 
  American Samoa 
  Andorra 
  Angola 
  Anguilla 
  Antarctica 
  Antigua and Barbuda 
  Argentina 
  Armenia 
  Aruba 
  Australia 
  Austria 
  Azerbaijan 
  Bahamas 
  Bahrain 
  Bangladesh 
  Barbados 
  Belarus 
  Belgium 
  Belize 
  Benin 
  Bermuda 
  Bhutan 
  Bolivia 
  Bosnia and Herzegovina 
  Botswana 
  Bouvet Island 
  Brazil 
  British Indian Ocean territory 
  Brunei Darussalam 
  Bulgaria 
  Burkina Faso 
  Burundi 
  Cambodia 
  Cameroon 
  Canada 
  Cape Verde 
  Cayman Islands 
  Central African Republic 
  Chad 
  Chile 
  China 
  Christmas Island 
  Cocos (Keeling) Islands 
  Colombia 
  Comoros 
  Cook Islands 
  Costa Rica 
  Croatia (Hrvatska) 
  Cuba 
  Cyprus 
  Czech Republic 
  Democratic Republic of Congo 
  Denmark 
  Djibouti 
  Dominica 
  Dominican Republic 
  East Timor 
  Ecuador 
  Egypt 
  El Salvador 
  Equatorial Guinea 
  Eritrea 
  Estonia 
  Ethiopia 
  Falkland Islands 
  Faroe Islands 
  Fiji 
  Finland 
  France 
  French Guiana 
  French Polynesia 
  French Southern Territories 
  Gabon 
  Gambia 
  Georgia 
  Germany 
  Ghana 
  Gibraltar 
  Greece 
  Greenland 
  Grenada 
  Guadeloupe 
  Guam 
  Guatemala 
  Guinea 
  Guinea-Bissau 
  Guyana 
  Haiti 
  Heard and McDonald Islands 
  Honduras 
  Hungary 
  Iceland 
  India 
  Indonesia 
  Iran 
  Iraq 
  Ireland 
  Israel 
  Italy 
  Jamaica 
  Japan 
  Jordan 
  Kazakhstan 
  Kenya 
  Kiribati 
  North Korea 
  South Korea 
  Kuwait 
  Kyrgyzstan 
  Latvia 
  Lebanon 
  Lesotho 
  Liberia 
  Libyan Arab Jamahiriya 
  Liechtenstein 
  Lithuania 
  Luxembourg 
  Macau 
  Macedonia 
  Madagascar 
  Malawi 
  Malaysia 
  Maldives 
  Mali 
  Malta 
  Marshall Islands 
  Martinique 
  Mauritania 
  Mauritius 
  Mayotte 
  Mexico 
  Micronesia 
  Moldova 
  Monaco 
  Mongolia 
  Montserrat 
  Morocco 
  Mozambique 
  Myanmar 
  Namibia 
  Nauru 
  Nepal 
  Netherlands 
  New Caledonia 
  New Zealand 
  Nicaragua 
  Niger 
  Nigeria 
  Niue 
  Norfolk Island 
  Northern Mariana Islands 
  Norway 
  Oman 
  Other 
  Pakistan 
  Palau 
  Palestinian Territories 
  Panama 
  Papua New Guinea 
  Paraguay 
  Peru 
  Philippines 
  Pitcairn 
  Poland 
  Portugal 
  Puerto Rico 
  Qatar 
  Republic of Congo 
  Réunion 
  Romania 
  Russia 
  Rwanda 
  Saint Helena 
  Saint Kitts and Nevis 
  Saint Lucia 
  Saint Pierre and Miquelon 
  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines 
  Samoa 
  San Marino 
  Sao Tome and Principe 
  Saudi Arabia 
  Senegal 
  Serbia 
  Seychelles 
  Sierra Leone 
  Singapore 
  Slovakia 
  Slovenia 
  Solomon Islands 
  Somalia 
  South Africa 
  South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands 
  Spain 
  Sri Lanka 
  Sudan 
  Suriname 
  Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands 
  Swaziland 
  Sweden 
  Switzerland 
  Syria 
  Taiwan 
  Tajikistan 
  Tanzania 
  Thailand 
  Togo 
  Tokelau 
  Tonga 
  Trinidad and Tobago 
  Tunisia 
  Turkey 
  Turkmenistan 
  Turks and Caicos Islands 
  Tuvalu 
  Uganda 
  Ukraine 
  undefined 
  UK 
  USA 
  Uruguay 
  Uzbekistan 
  Vanuatu 
  Vatican City 
  Venezuela 
  Vietnam 
  Virgin Islands (British) 
  Virgin Islands (US) 
  Wallis and Futuna Islands 
  Web 
  Western Sahara 
  Yemen 
  Zambia 
  Zimbabwe 
  Aringland Islands 
  Cte dIvoire (Ivory Coast) 
  Lao Peoples Democratic Republic 
  UAE 
  Turkey 
  Hong Kong 
  Scotland 
    
 Aalborg 
  Aarhus 
  Abbotsford 
  Aberdeen 
  Abha 
  Abu Dhabi 
  Abuja 
  Acapulco 
  Accra 
  Adana 
  Addis Ababa 
  Addu 
  Adelaide 
  Agartala 
  Agra 
  Ahmedabad 
  Ahmednagar 
  Aizawl 
  Ajman 
  Ajmer 
  Akhaura 
  Al Ain 
  Al Fashir 
  Al Jahra 
  Al Khobar 
  Al Rayyan 
  Al Wakrah 
  Alajuela 
  Alberta 
  Aleppo 
  Alexandria 
  Algiers 
  Aligarh 
  Almaty 
  Alxa League 
  Ambala 
  Ambarnath 
  Amman 
  Amravati 
  Amritsar 
  Amsterdam 
  Andaman and Nicobar 
  Andijan 
  Andkhoy 
  Andorra la Vella 
  Andulo 
  Ang Mo Kio 
  Angeles City 
  Ankara 
  Annaba 
  Anse Boileau 
  Antalaya 
  Antalya 
  Antwerp 
  Anuradhapura 
  Aplahoue 
  Aracaju 
  Arequipa 
  Argentina 
  Arinsal 
  Arunachal Pradesh 
  Asadabad 
  Asansol 
  Ashdod 
  Asuncion 
  Athens 
  Atlanta 
  Atlanta 
  Aua 
  Auckland 
  Augusta 
  Aurangabad 
  Austin 
  Aybak 
  Babruysk 
  Bacolod City 
  Badghis 
  Bafoussam 
  Baghdad 
  Baghlan 
  Baghlan 
  Bago 
  Bagram 
  Baguio 
  Bahia Blanca 
  Bahir Dar 
  Baku 
  Bali 
  Balkh 
  Ballarat 
  Ballari 
  Balvanera 
  Bamako 
  Bamenda 
  Bamyan 
  Bandar Seri Begawan 
  Bandar Seri Begawan 
  Bandung 
  Bangalore 
  Bangkok 
  Bangui 
  Banikoara 
  Banja Luka 
  Banjul 
  Baranovichi 
  Barcelona 
  Bareilly 
  Barisal 
  Barranquilla 
  Barrie 
  Basrah 
  Bassila 
  Bat Yam 
  Batna 
  Bayamo 
  Bayamon 
  Beersheba 
  Beijing 
  Beira 
  Beirut 
  Bejaia 
  Bekasi 
  Belagavi 
  Belem 
  Belgaum 
  Belgrano 
  Belo Horizonte 
  Benguela 
  Benin 
  Benin City 
  Benin City 
  Bensonville 
  Berat 
  Berazategui 
  Bergen 
  Berlin 
  Bern 
  Bern 
  Bhairab Bazar 
  Bharatpur 
  Bhavnagar 
  Bhawanipatna 
  Bhilai 
  Bhiwandi 
  Bhopal 
  Bhubaneswar 
  Bidar 
  Bien Hoa 
  Bijapur 
  Bikaner 
  Bilaspur 
  Bilbao 
  Billund 
  Biratnagar 
  Birmingham 
  Biskra 
  Blantyre 
  Blida 
  Blumenau 
  Bodrum 
  Bogota 
  Bogra 
  Bogra District 
  Bohicon 
  Bologna 
  Bordeaux 
  Bosaso 
  Boston 
  Bouira 
  Bradford 
  Brahmanbaria 
  Brahmanbaria 
  Brahmpur 
  Brasilia 
  Brasov 
  Bratislava 
  Brest 
  Bridgetown 
  Bridgetown 
  Brisbane 
  Bristol 
  British Columbia 
  Brno 
  Bruges 
  Brussels 
  Bucharest 
  Budapest 
  Buenos Aires 
  Bujumbura 
  Bukhara 
  Bukit Batok 
  Bulawayo 
  Burgas 
  Burlington 
  Bursa 
  Busan 
  Buthrotum 
  Bydgoszcz 
  Caala 
  Cairns 
  Cairo 
  Calgary 
  Cali 
  California 
  Callao District 
  Caloocan 
  Caluquembe 
  Cambridge 
  Campo Grande 
  Can Tho 
  Canberra 
  Cancun 
  Canillo 
  Cannes 
  Cannes 
  Cape Town 
  Caracas 
  Carolina 
  Cartagena 
  Cartago 
  Casablanca 
  Cascais 
  Cascavel 
  Caxias do Sul 
  Cebu City 
  Chagcharan 
  Chandanaish Upazila 
  Chandigarh 
  Chandpur 
  Changsha 
  Changwon 
  Chania 
  Chapainawabganj 
  Charikar 
  Charleroi 
  Charleston 
  Charlotte 
  Chelyabinsk 
  Chengdu 
  Chennai 
  Chernihiv 
  Chernivtsi 
  Chhatak Upazila 
  Chhukha 
  Chiang Mai 
  Chiba 
  Chicago 
  Chiclayo 
  Chidambaram 
  Chinchawad 
  Chitradurga 
  Chittagong 
  Chittoor 
  Chongqing 
  Christchurch 
  Cienfuegos 
  City of London 
  Ciudad De La Costa 
  Ciudad Del Este 
  Ciudad Juarez 
  Cochabamba 
  Coimbatore 
  Coimbra 
  Cologne 
  Colombo 
  Colon City 
  Columbus 
  Comilla 
  Comodoro Rivadavia 
  Concordia 
  Constanta 
  Constantine 
  Coorg 
  Copenhagen 
  Cordoba 
  Cordoba 
  Cork 
  Corrientes 
  Cotonou 
  Cox's Bazar 
  Crete 
  Cuddalore 
  Cuenca 
  Cuiaba 
  Curepipe 
  Curitiba 
  Cusco 
  Da Nang 
  Dadra and Nagar Haveli 
  Daegu 
  Daejeon 
  Daejeon 
  Dallas 
  Daman and Diu 
  Damascus 
  Dammam 
  Darjeeling 
  Darkhan 
  Darwin 
  Davanagere 
  Davao City 
  Dehradun 
  Delhi 
  Denver 
  Dessie 
  Dhaka 
  Dhanbad 
  Dharwad 
  Dhermi 
  Dibrugarh 
  Digha 
  Dire Dawa 
  Dispur 
  DiyarbakÄ±r 
  Djelfa 
  Djougou 
  Dnipro 
  Dogbo 
  Doha 
  Donetsk 
  Dongguan 
  Douala 
  Dubai 
  Dublin 
  Dubrovnik 
  Dundee 
  Dunedin 
  Durban 
  Durg 
  Durgapur 
  Durres 
  Dusseldorf 
  Edinburgh 
  Edinburgh 
  Edirne 
  Edmonton 
  El Alto 
  El Eulma 
  El Pas de la Casa 
  Elbasan 
  Elmohndseen 
  Encamp 
  Entebbe 
  Ephesus 
  Erbil 
  Erdenet 
  Ernakulam 
  Erode 
  Eshkashem 
  Espoo 
  Fagatogo 
  Faisalabad 
  Faleniu 
  Farah 
  Faridabad 
  Fatikchhari Upazila 
  Fayzabad 
  Feira de Santana 
  Fergana 
  Fes 
  Fethiye 
  Fier 
  Florence 
  Florianopolis 
  Florida 
  Formosa 
  Fortaleza 
  Foz do Iguacu 
  Frankfurt 
  Freeport 
  Freetown 
  Fukuoka 
  Fuzhou 
  Gaborone 
  Gangtok 
  Ganja 
  Gardez 
  Garoua 
  Gatineau 
  Gaza City 
  Gazipur 
  Gbarnga 
  Gdansk 
  Geelong 
  Geneva 
  Genoa 
  george 
  George Town 
  Georgetown 
  Gereshk 
  Ghardaia 
  Ghaziabad 
  Ghazni 
  Ghent 
  Ghurmach 
  Giza 
  Gjirokaster 
  Glasgow 
  Glasgow 
  Goa 
  Gold Coast 
  Golfito 
  Gomel 
  Gondar 
  Gorakhpur 
  Goregaon 
  Gothenburg 
  Governador Valadares 
  Granada 
  Graz 
  Greater Sudbury 
  Grodno 
  Guadalajara 
  Guangzhou 
  Guarapari 
  Guayaquil 
  Guelph 
  Guilin 
  Gulbarga 
  Gulu 
  Guntur 
  Gurugram 
  Guwahati 
  Gwalior 
  Gwangju 
  Gyumri 
  Hadapsar 
  Hai Phong 
  Halifax Regional Municipality 
  Hamad Town 
  Hamburg 
  Hamilton 
  Hampi 
  Hangzhou 
  Hanoi 
  Harare 
  Harbin 
  Hargeisa 
  Haridwar 
  Hartford 
  Hat Yai 
  Havana 
  Hawaii 
  Helsingor 
  Helsinki 
  Herat 
  Herning 
  Himara 
  Hiroshima 
  Ho Chi Minh City 
  Hobart 
  Homs 
  Hong Kong 
  Hong Kong 
  Hosur 
  Hsinchu 
  Huambo 
  Hubli 
  Hue 
  Hulhumale Island 
  Hulunbuir 
  Hyderabad 
  Ibadan 
  Ilheus 
  Ilulissat 
  Imam Saheb 
  Imphal 
  Incheon 
  Indore 
  Innsbruck 
  Ipiales 
  Ipoh 
  Iquique 
  Irbid 
  Isfahan 
  Ishwarganj 
  Islam Qala 
  Islamabad 
  Istanbul 
  Itanagar 
  Izmir 
  Jabalpur 
  Jaipur 
  Jakarta 
  Jakarta Raya 
  Jalalabad 
  Jalandhar 
  Jammu and Kashmir 
  Jamnagar 
  Jamshedpur 
  Janakpur 
  Jeddah 
  Jerez de la Frontera 
  Jerusalem 
  Jessore 
  Jhansi 
  Jinan 
  Joao Pessoa 
  jodhpur 
  Johannesburg 
  Jurm 
  Jurong East 
  Kabul 
  Kabul 
  Kagoshima 
  Kakata 
  Kalyan Thane 
  Kampala 
  Kanchipuram 
  Kandahar 
  Kandahar 
  Kandi 
  Kandy 
  Kannur 
  Kano 
  Kanpur 
  Kanyakumari 
  Kaohsiung 
  Kaohsiung City 
  Kapurthala 
  Karachi 
  Karaj 
  Kariba 
  Kathmandu 
  Kattakurgan 
  Kaunas 
  Kawasaki City 
  Kayseri 
  Kazan 
  Keelung City 
  Kenema 
  Kermanshah 
  Khamis Mushait 
  Khanabad 
  Khandala 
  Kharagpur 
  Kharkiv 
  Khartoum 
  Kholm 
  Khost 
  Khovd 
  Khulna 
  Khwahan 
  Kingston 
  Kingston 
  Kisumu 
  Kitakyushu 
  Kitchener 
  Kitwe 
  Klaipeda 
  Kobe 
  Kochi 
  Kodaikanal 
  Kohima 
  Kolar 
  Kolhapur 
  Kolkata 
  Kollam 
  Kollegal 
  Konya 
  Kopavogur 
  Korce 
  Kosice 
  Kota 
  Kota Kinabalu 
  Kottayam 
  Kowloon City 
  kozhikode 
  Krabi 
  Krakow 
  Krong Battambang 
  Krong Siem Reap 
  Krong Ta Khmau 
  Ksamil 
  Kuala Belait 
  Kuala Lumpur 
  Kuching 
  Kuito 
  Kumasi 
  Kumba 
  Kunduz 
  Kunming 
  Kushk 
  Kuwait City 
  Kuwait City 
  Kyiv 
  Kyoto 
  Kyrenia 
  La Massana 
  La Paz 
  La Plata 
  La Rioja 
  La Serena 
  Lae 
  Lagos 
  Lagos 
  Lahore 
  Laksam Upazila 
  Lalitpur 
  Laoag City 
  Las Palmas de Gran Canaria 
  Las Vegas 
  Lashkar Gah 
  Lasi 
  Latur 
  Launceston 
  Lautoka 
  Leipzig 
  Lelydorp 
  Leone 
  Liberec 
  Lida 
  Liege 
  Lilongwe 
  Lima 
  Limassol 
  Linden 
  Linz 
  Lisbon 
  Liverpool 
  Ljubljana 
  Lobito 
  Lodz 
  Lokossa 
  Lonavala 
  London 
  Los Angeles 
  Loum 
  Luanda 
  Lubango 
  Lublin 
  Lucapa 
  Lucaya 
  Lucknow 
  Ludhiana 
  Lusaka 
  Luxembourg 
  Luxembourg City 
  Lviv 
  Lyon 
  Maafushi 
  Macapa 
  Macau 
  Maceio 
  Mackay 
  Madikeri 
  Madrid 
  Madurai 
  Mahabaleshwar 
  Maharashtra 
  Mahmude Raqi 
  Maidan Shahr 
  Majitar 
  Makassar 
  Makati 
  Malacca 
  Malaeimi 
  Malaga 
  Malang 
  Malanje 
  Malappuram 
  Male 
  Malindi 
  Malmo 
  Malmo Municipality 
  Manama 
  Manaus 
  Manchester 
  Mandalay 
  Mangalore 
  Manila 
  Manmad 
  Mapusagafou 
  Maputo 
  Mar del Plata 
  Maracaibo 
  Maringa 
  Markham 
  Maroua 
  Marrakesh 
  Marseille 
  Maseru 
  Mashhad 
  Mathura 
  Matola 
  Mawlamyine 
  Maymana 
  Mazatlan 
  Mazyr 
  Mecca 
  Medan 
  Medellin 
  Medina 
  Meherpur 
  Meknes 
  Melbourne 
  Mendoza 
  Merida 
  Mexico City 
  Miami 
  Milan 
  Mingecevir 
  Minsk 
  Miskolc 
  Mississauga 
  Mitarlam 
  Modinagar 
  Mogadishu 
  Mogilev 
  Mohall 
  Mombasa 
  Monrovia 
  Montego Bay 
  Monterrey 
  Montes Claros 
  Montevideo 
  Montreal 
  Mopti 
  Morelia 
  Moron 
  Moscow 
  Mostar 
  Mosul 
  Moulvibazar 
  Moundou 
  Mueang Chiang Rai 
  Muharraq 
  Muktagacha 
  Multan 
  Mumbai 
  Munich 
  Munnar 
  Muscat 
  Mutare 
  Mutrah 
  Muyinga 
  Mymensingh 
  Mysuru 
  N'Djamena 
  Nagercoil 
  Nagoya 
  Nagpur 
  Nairobi 
  Najaf 
  Nakhon Pathom 
  Nakuru 
  Namibe 
  Nampula 
  Namur 
  Nanded 
  Nanjing 
  Nanning 
  Naogaon 
  Napier 
  Naples 
  Nara 
  Narail District 
  Narayanganj 
  Nashik 
  Nashville 
  Nassau 
  Natal 
  Natitingou 
  Navi Mumbai 
  Naypyidaw 
  Ndola 
  Nellore 
  Neuquen 
  New Amsterdam 
  New Orleans 
  New Taipei City 
  New York 
  Newcastle 
  Ngaoundere 
  Nha Trang 
  Nice 
  Nicosia 
  Nilli 
  Niteroi 
  Nizhny Novgorod 
  Noida 
  Nonthaburi 
  Novosibirsk 
  Nukus 
  Nuremberg 
  Nuuk 
  Oakland 
  Oakville 
  Oaxaca 
  Odense 
  Odesa 
  Oklahoma City 
  Old Bagan 
  Olinda 
  Olomouc 
  Omdurman 
  Omsk 
  Ooty 
  Oran 
  Ordino 
  Orlando 
  Oruro 
  Osaka 
  Oshawa 
  Oslo 
  Ostrava 
  Ottawa 
  Ouagadougou 
  Oujda 
  Oulu 
  Ouro Preto 
  Outram Rd 
  Owerri 
  Pabna District 
  Pabna District 
  Paghman 
  Paghman 
  Pago Pago 
  Palakkad 
  Panama City 
  Panchgani 
  Pandharpur 
  Parakou 
  Paramaribo 
  Parana 
  Paranagua 
  parbhani 
  Paris 
  Pasig 
  Patiala 
  Patiya Upazila 
  Patna 
  Pattaya 
  Pattaya City 
  Pelotas 
  Permet 
  Perth 
  Peshawar 
  Petaling Jaya 
  Petropolis 
  Philadelphia 
  Phnom Penh 
  Phoenix 
  Phuket 
  Pilar 
  Pilsen 
  Pimpri 
  Pireas 
  Plovdiv 
  Pobe 
  Pogradec 
  Pokhara 
  Pondicherry 
  Port Blair 
  Port Elizabeth 
  Port Louis 
  Port Moresby 
  Portland 
  Portmore 
  Porto 
  Porto Alegre 
  Posadas 
  Poznan 
  Prague 
  Prayagraj 
  Puebla 
  Puerto Jimenez 
  Puerto Plata 
  Pune 
  Puno 
  Punta Arenas 
  Punta Arenas 
  Puri 
  Putrajaya 
  Pyin Oo Lwin 
  Qazvin 
  Qingdao 
  Quebec City 
  Quetta 
  Quezon City 
  Quibala 
  Quilmes 
  Quito 
  Rabat 
  Radom 
  Raipur 
  Rajahmundry 
  Rajkot 
  Rajshahi 
  Rameswaram 
  Ranchi 
  Rangpur 
  Rangunia 
  Ranipet 
  Raozan Upazila 
  Ras al Khaimah 
  Ratlam 
  Rawalpindi 
  Reading 
  Recife 
  Red Deer 
  Regina 
  Regional Municipality of Niagara 
  Resistencia 
  Reykjavik 
  Ribeirao Preto 
  Richmond Hill 
  Riffa 
  Rijeka 
  Rio Cuarto 
  Rio de Janeiro 
  Riyadh 
  Rochor 
  Rome 
  Roorkee 
  Rosario 
  Rosario 
  Roskilde 
  Rotterdam 
  Rourkela 
  Ruse 
  Russeifa 
  Saharanpur 
  Saint Petersburg 
  Saitama 
  Sakete 
  Salalah 
  Salem 
  Salmiya 
  Salta 
  Saltillo 
  Salto 
  Salvador 
  Salzburg 
  Samara 
  Samarkand 
  Sambalpur 
  Samsun 
  San Antonio 
  San Diego 
  San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca 
  San Francisco 
  San Jose 
  San Juan 
  San Juan 
  San Luis 
  San Luis Potosi 
  San Miguel 
  San Miguel de Tucuman 
  San Nicolas de los Arroyos 
  San Pedro Sula 
  San Salvador 
  San Salvador de Jujuy 
  Sanad 
  Sangli 
  Sankt politen 
  Sanliurfa 
  SanlÄ±urfa 
  Sant Julia de Loria 
  Santa Clara 
  Santa Coloma 
  Santa Cruz de la Sierra 
  Santa Cruz de la Sierra 
  Santa Fe 
  Santa Marta 
  Santa Rosa 
  Santarem 
  Santiago 
  Santiago de Cali 
  Santiago de Cuba 
  Santiago del Estero 
  Santo Domingo 
  Santos 
  Sao Luis 
  Sao Paulo 
  Sao Tome 
  Sao Vicente 
  Sapporo 
  Sarajevo 
  Sarande 
  Sargodha 
  Sarh 
  Saskatoon 
  Satara 
  Savannah 
  Savar Upazila 
  Seattle 
  Seeb 
  Semarang 
  Sengkang 
  Seoul 
  Sepang 
  Serrekunda 
  Setif 
  Seville 
  Sha Tin 
  Shah Alam 
  Shanghai 
  Sharjah 
  Sharjha 
  Sheberghan 
  Shenyang 
  Shenzhen 
  Shillong 
  Shimla 
  Shimoga 
  Shindand 
  Shiraz 
  Shirdi 
  Shivamogga 
  Shkoder 
  Sidi Bel Abbes 
  Sikasso 
  Siliguri 
  Singapore 
  Sintra 
  Sirajganj 
  Sisimiut 
  Sisophon 
  Skagen 
  Skopje 
  Sofia 
  Sohar 
  Solapur 
  Souk Ahras 
  Soweto 
  Spanish Town 
  Split 
  springfield 
  Sreemangal Upazila 
  Srinagar 
  St. Catharines 
  Stara Zagora 
  Stavenger 
  Stockholm 
  Strasbourg 
  Stuttgart 
  Sucre 
  Sucre 
  Suez 
  Sumqayit 
  Sumqayit 
  Sungai Petani 
  Sur 
  Surabaya 
  Surat 
  Surat Thani 
  Surrey 
  Suva 
  Suzhou 
  Swakopmund 
  Sydney 
  Sylhet 
  Sylhet District 
  Szczecin 
  Tabriz 
  Tagab 
  Taichung 
  Taichung City 
  Taif 
  Tainan 
  Tainan City 
  Taipei 
  Taipei City 
  Taleqan 
  Tallinn 
  Tampere 
  Tangier 
  Tarija 
  Tashkent 
  Tauranga 
  Tchaourou 
  Tebessa 
  Tegucigalpa 
  Tehran 
  Teknaf Upazila 
  Tenkodogo 
  Teresina 
  Teyateyaneng 
  Tezpur 
  Thane 
  Thanjavur 
  The Hague 
  Thessaloniki 
  Theth 
  Thimphu 
  Thiruvananthapuram 
  Thoothukudi 
  Thrissur 
  Thunder Bay 
  Tianjin 
  Tijuana 
  Timisoara 
  Tirana 
  Tirin Kut 
  Tiruchengode 
  Tiruchirappalli 
  Tirunelveli 
  Tirupati 
  Tlemcen 
  Tokyo 
  Tongi 
  Toowoomba 
  Toronto 
  Torun 
  Toulouse 
  Townsville 
  Townsville City 
  Trincomalee 
  Trishal Upazila 
  Trondheim 
  Trujillo 
  Tucson 
  Tumakuru 
  Turin 
  Turku 
  Tuzla 
  TÄfuna 
  Uberlandia 
  Ubon Ratchathani 
  Udaipur 
  Udon Thai 
  Udon Thani 
  Udupi 
  Ufa 
  Ujjain 
  Ulaanbaatar 
  Ulanqab 
  Ullapara Upazila 
  Ulsan 
  Utheemu 
  Utrecht 
  Vacoas 
  Vadodara 
  Vailoatai 
  Vaitogi 
  Valbone 
  Valencia 
  Valparaiso 
  Vanadzor 
  Vanadzor 
  Vancouver 
  Vantaa 
  Varanasi 
  Varna 
  Vatican city 
  Vaughan 
  Veligandu Island 
  Veliko Tarnovo 
  Vellore 
  Venice 
  Verona 
  Viciebsk 
  Victoria 
  Vienna 
  Vijayapura 
  Vijayawada 
  Villa Lugano 
  Villach 
  Vilnius 
  Vina del Mar 
  Vinnytsia 
  Vitoria 
  Vizag 
  Vlore 
  Volgograd 
  Walvis Bay 
  Warangal 
  Warsaw 
  Washington 
  Wellington 
  wilmington 
  Windhoek 
  Windsor 
  Winnipeg 
  Wollongong 
  Wuhan 
  Xi'an 
  Xiamen 
  Xian 
  Xilingol League 
  Yangon 
  Yantai 
  Yaounde 
  Yekaterinburg 
  Yerevan 
  Yeswanthpur 
  Yishun 
  Yogyakarta 
  Yokohama 
  Zagazig 
  Zagreb 
  Zaporizhzhia 
  Zaragoza 
  Zaranj 
  Zarcero 
  Zarqa 
  Zhengzhou 
  Zhongshan 
  Zomba 
  Zurich 
    
 Accidents and Injuries 
  Accounting 
  Advanced Sociology of Education 
  Aeronautical 
  African Literature 
  African Studies 
  Agriculture 
  AI 
  Allergy 
  Alternative Health 
  American Studies 
  Anesthesia 
  Animal 
  Animal Genetics 
  Anthropology 
  Applied Mathematics 
  Aquaculture 
  Aquatic Nutrition and Health 
  Arbitration and Mediation 
  Archaeology 
  Architecture 
  Art History 
  Artificial Intelligence 
  Arts 
  Asian Studies 
  Asthma 
  Astronomy 
  Autism 
  Aviation Technology 
  Ayurveda 
  Banking 
  Bankruptcy and Debt 
  Behavioral Medicine 
  Big Data 
  Biodiversity 
  Bioethics 
  Bioinformatics 
  Biology 
  Biology Education 
  Biomaterials 
  Biomedical Engineering 
  Biomedicine 
  Bionuclear Engineering 
  Biophysics 
  Biotechnology 
  Blockchain 
  Blood Pressure 
  Boolean Algebra 
  Brain 
  Built Environment 
  Business 
  Business Ethics 
  Business Statistics 
  Cancer 
  Cardiology 
  Career fair 
  Categorical Algebra 
  Cell Sciences 
  Chemistry 
  Children and Youth 
  Children's Health 
  Cholesterol 
  Church conference 
  Civil Rights 
  Clinical Laboratory 
  Common cold 
  Communications and Media 
  Commutative Algebra 
  Complex Analysis 
  Complex Systems 
  Computational Mathematics 
  Computational science 
  Computer Education and Instructional Technology 
  Computer Science 
  Computer software and applications 
  Computing 
  Conflict resolution 
  Consumer Issues 
  Control and Automation 
  Control Automation 
  Cosmetology 
  Creative Education and Learning 
  Creativity 
  Criminal Law 
  Critical care 
  crop science 
  Cryptography 
  Culture 
  Cybersecurity 
  Dairy Sciences 
  Dangerous Products 
  Data acquisition 
  Dentistry 
  Depression 
  Dermatology 
  Design 
  Development Studies 
  Diabetes 
  Digestive Disorders 
  Disability and Rehabilitation 
  Disaster Management 
  Discourse 
  Distance Education 
  Divorce and Family Law 
  Drug Discovery 
  Earth Observation 
  Earth Sciences 
  Ecology 
  Economics 
  Ecosystems 
  Education 
  Education and Human Development 
  Education fair 
  Education Law 
  Educational and Pedagogical Sciences 
  Educational Systems Planning 
  Elder law and Aging 
  Electrical 
  Electronics 
  Embedded systems 
  Emergency medicine 
  Employee's Right 
  Energy 
  Engineering 
  Engineering Education and Research 
  English Literature 
  Ent 
  Entrepreneurship 
  Environment 
  Epidemiology 
  Estates and Probbate 
  European Studies 
  Exercise Science 
  Eye Health 
  Family Medicine 
  Film studies 
  Finance 
  First Aid and Emergencies 
  Fisheries 
  Food Safety 
  Foreign Language 
  Forensic 
  Forestry 
  Gastroenterology 
  Gender studies 
  Genetics 
  Geophysics and Geology 
  Gerontology 
  GIS 
  GLBT Studies 
  Global Politics 
  Global Positioning System 
  Globalization 
  Gynecology 
  Headache 
  Health 
  Health Care Law 
  Health Disparity 
  Healthcare 
  Healthy Living 
  Heart Health 
  Heat Transfer 
  Hepatitis 
  Herbal medicine 
  Higher Education 
  History 
  HIV/AIDS 
  Homological Algebra 
  Human Geography 
  Human Resource Management 
  Human Rights 
  Hydrology 
  Hygiene 
  Identity 
  Image Processing 
  Immigration Law 
  Immune Systems 
  Income Disparity 
  Industrial Application 
  Industrial Engineering 
  Infections 
  Infectious diseases 
  Influenza Conference 
  Information science 
  Information Security 
  Information Technology 
  Intellectual property 
  Interdisciplinary studies 
  International Business 
  International Relations 
  Internet 
  Internet Law For The Public 
  IOT 
  Islamic Studies 
  Justice and legal studies 
  Labor Economics 
  Language 
  Law 
  Lawsuits and Lawyers 
  Leadership 
  Learning 
  Liberal Arts education 
  Lifelong Learning 
  Light Water Reactor Technology 
  Linear Algebra 
  Linguistic 
  Linguistics 
  Literacy Perspectives 
  Literature 
  Local Government 
  Logistics 
  lung disease 
  Management 
  Manufacturing 
  Marine Engineering 
  Marketing 
  Material Science 
  Mathematical sciences 
  Mathematics 
  Mechanical 
  Media Design 
  Medical 
  Medical equipment 
  Medical ethics 
  Medical Imaging 
  Medical Science 
  Medical Statistics 
  Medicine 
  Memory 
  Men's Health 
  Mental Health 
  Metabolism 
  Meteorology 
  Microbiology 
  Micromanagement 
  Migraine 
  Military 
  Mining 
  Multiculturalism 
  Multidisciplinary Studies 
  Museums and heritage 
  Music 
  Music Education 
  Mycobacterial Diseases 
  Nanotechnology and Smart Materials 
  Natural Language 
  Nervous System 
  Networking 
  Neurology 
  Neuroscience 
  Nuclear Engineering 
  Nuclear Fuel 
  Nuclear Fusion 
  Nuclear Proliferation 
  Nuclear Safety 
  Nuclear Waste 
  Number Theory 
  Numerical Analysis 
  Nursing 
  Nursing Informatics and Education 
  Nutrition 
  Obesity 
  Occupational Science 
  Oceanography 
  Oncology 
  Operational Research 
  Ophthalmology 
  Optimization Theory 
  Oral Health 
  Orthodontics 
  Orthopedics 
  Osteoporosis 
  Pain Management 
  Palliative Care 
  Pathology 
  Pattern Recognition 
  Pedagogical Methods 
  Pediatrics 
  Pharmaceutical 
  Pharmacy 
  Philosophy 
  Physical Education 
  Physical Therapy 
  Physics 
  Plant Systems Biology 
  Plasma Physics 
  Poetry 
  Political Science 
  Politics 
  Polymers and Plastics 
  Poverty 
  Pregnancy 
  Probability 
  Production Engineering 
  Prostate Cancer 
  Prosthodontics 
  Psychiatry 
  Psychology 
  Psychology Of Violence 
  Public Health 
  Public Policy 
  Public Policy and Governance 
  Pulmonology 
  Quantum Engineering 
  Racial Equality 
  Racial Issues 
  Radiation 
  Radiography 
  Radiology 
  Reactor Engineering 
  Real Estate 
  Reciprocity Laws 
  Regression Analysis 
  Religious studies 
  Renewable Energy 
  Representation Theory 
  Robotics 
  Securities Law 
  Sexual Health 
  Sexuality and eroticism 
  Signal Processing 
  Skin care 
  Sleep Disorders 
  Small business 
  Small scale business 
  Smart technology 
  Social Sciences 
  Social Security And Retirement 
  Social Work 
  Sociology 
  Soft computing 
  Software Engineering 
  Soil 
  soil science 
  Space Environment 
  Spirituality 
  Sport Coaching 
  Sport science 
  Sports and Fitness 
  Sports Biomechanics 
  Sports Engineering 
  Sports Law 
  Sports Management 
  Sports Medicine 
  Sports Science and Nutrition 
  Sports Technology 
  Statistical Inference 
  Statistics 
  Strategic Management 
  Structural Engineering 
  Supply Chain Management 
  Surgery 
  Survival Analysis 
  Sustainable Development 
  Systems Engineering 
  Teaching 
  Technology 
  Thermal Hydraulics 
  Thyroid 
  Time Series 
  Tourism 
  Traditional medicine 
  Transport 
  Trauma care 
  Trichology 
  Ultrasound 
  Urban studies 
  Urology 
  Vaccines 
  Vector Spaces 
  Veterinary and Biomedical Sciences 
  Veterinary Biochemistry 
  Veterinary Forensics 
  Veterinary Histopathology 
  Veterinary Science 
  Violence 
  Vision Engineering 
  Waste Management 
  Water 
  Wearable technology 
  Wireless Communication 
  Women's Health 
  Youth Conference 

  Country   City   Topics    
  
Call for papers data: 
 Important dates data: 
undefined

