1. CSCWD_2 conference:
Socialist Republic of Vietnam    Choose your Country/Region  

 Asia   
   
  China    
  India    
  Japan    
  South Korea    
   
  Malaysia    
  Taiwan, China    
  United Arab Emirates    
  Indonesia    
   
  Hong Kong, China    
  Singapore    
  Thailand    
  Turkey    

 America   
   
  United States    
  Canada    
  Brazil    
  Argentina    
   
  Mexico    
  Colombia    
  Chile    
  Peru    
   
  Guatemala    

 Europe   
   
  Italy    
  United Kingdom    
  France    
  Germany    
   
  Spain    
  Portugal    
  Austria    
  Poland    
   
  Greece    
  Russian Federation    
  Czech Republic    
  Switzerland    
   
  Netherlands    
  Sweden    
  Romania    
  Hungary    
   
  Belgium    
  Ukraine    
  Ireland    
  Croatia    
   
  Finland    
  Denmark    
  Cyprus    
  Serbia    
   
  Slovakia    
  Norway    
  Bulgaria    
  Iceland    

 Oceania   
   
  Australia    
  New Zealand    
  Fiji    

 Africa   
   
  South Africa    
  Tunisia    
  Morocco    
  Egypt    

 Product | Software 
  Webinar 
  Video conference 
  Virtual conference 
  Institution Edition 
  Discover | Subject category 
  Conference in Socialist Republic of Vietnam 
  Contribution library 
  Browse by venue 
  Services 
         
 Create an event  Lecture    
   
 Meeting/Workshop/Tutorials    
   
 Conference    

 Log in  Sign up    

 2023 26th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design (CSCWD)  
   
 May. 24 - 26, 2023  
 Rio de Janeiro · Brazil  
   
 Conference    
  0  Views   
  0  Comments   
 Favorite    
  Share    

 Introduction  
   
 Design of complex artifacts and systems requires the cooperation of multidisciplinary design teams. The 2023 26th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design (CSCWD 2023) provides a forum for researchers and practitioners involved in different but related domains to confront research results and discuss key problems. The scope of CSCWD 2023 includes the research and development of collaboration technologies and their applications to the design of processes, products, systems, and services in industries and societies. Collaboration technologies include theories, methods, mechanisms, protocols, software tools, platforms, and services that support communication, coordination and collaboration among people, software and hardware systems. Related fields of research include human-computer interaction, business process management, collaborative virtual environments, enterprise modeling, security and privacy, as well as social aspects and human factors related to collaboration and design.  
 Sponsor Type:1; 9; 9; 9; 9; 9  

 Committee  
   
 General Conference Chair   
 Adriana Vivacqua  
 General Conference Co-Chairs   
 Amy Trappey  
  Marco Borges  
  Marie-Hélène Abel  
  Songlin He  
  Yong Tang  
 Program Committee Co-Chairs   
 Weiming Shen  
  Jean-Paul Barthès  
  Daniel Schneider  
  Cheng Xie  
 Publication Chair   
 Jinghui Zhang  
 Special Session Chair   
 Haibin Zhu  
 Finance Chair / Treasurer   
 Kunkun Peng  
 Local Arrangement Chair   
 Claudia Motta  

 Call for paper  
   
 Important date  
 2022-11-15   
 Draft paper submission deadline   
   
 2023-01-31   
 Draft paper acceptance notification   

 Submission Topics  
 The major topics of interest to the conference include, but are not limited to:  
 · Collaboration theory and methodology  
 · Design of collaboration methods, processes, mechanisms, and protocols  
 · Collaboration across disciplines (design science, service science and data science)  
 · Innovative collaborative approaches (crowdsourcing, social media)  
 · Collaborative computing (Cloud/Edge Computing, Web services, Blockchains)  
 · Cyber-physical systems, Industry 4.0, and digital twins  
 · Industrial Internet, IoT, sensor networks  
 · Security and privacy in collaborative systems  
 · Collaboration technology applications  

 Submit Comment  

 Verify Code     Change Another   Submit    

 All Comments  

 Submission Template  
 ×    
  Paper Template  
  Paper Template  

 Home 
  Program 
  Timetable 
  Abstract List 
  Photo 
  Review 
  Management 
    
 Important Date  
   
 Conference Date | May 24  
 2023  
  to  May 26  
 2023 
  Nov 15  2022 | Draft paper submission deadline 
  Jan 31  2023 | Draft Paper Acceptance Notification 
  May 26  2023 | Registration deadline 

 Sponsored By  
   
 CSCWD International Working Group  
  IEEE Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society  
  Kunming University  
  Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro  
  University of Technology of Compiegne in France  
  Yunnan University   
   
 Contact Information  
   
 av******@dcc.ufrj.br 
  Login to view full info    

 Previous Conferences  
   
 2024-05-08 China Tianjin | 2024 27th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design (CSCWD) 
  2022-05-04 China Hangzhou | 2022 IEEE 25th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design 
  2022-05-04 China 杭州市(Hangzhou) | The 2022 IEEE 25th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design 
  2021-05-05 China Dalian | 2021 IEEE 24th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design (CSCWD) 
  2018-05-09 China | International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design 
  2018-05-09 China | 2018 IEEE 22nd International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design 
  2017-04-26 New Zealand Wellington,New Zealand | 2017 IEEE 21st International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design 
  2016-05-04 China Nanchang, China | IEEE International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design 
  2014-05-21 Taiwan, China | 2014 IEEE 18th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design (CSCWD) 
  2013-06-27 Canada | 2013 IEEE 17th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design (CSCWD) 

 Contact Information  
 ×    

 OK    

 About Us  |  News  |  Blog  |  Feedback  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Service  |  Cancellation Policy  |  Contact   
 Copyright © 2013-2021 Aconf.org  - One-stop solutions for academic events   
 鄂ICP备09016152号-4

2. CSCWD_3 conference:
The requested URL was rejected. Please consult with your administrator.  
   
  Your support ID is: < 8203162004131754935>  
   
  [Go Back]

3. CC_1 conference:
CC 2023: Proceedings of the 32nd ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Compiler Construction  
  Full Citation in the ACM Digital Library    
 SESSION: Vector and Parallelism  
 Java Vector API: Benchmarking and Performance Analysis   
 Matteo Basso 
  Andrea Rosà 
  Luca Omini 
  Walter Binder 
  The Java Vector API is a new module introduced in Java 16, allowing developers to concisely express vector computations. The API promises both high performance, achieved via the runtime compilation of vector operations to hardware vector instructions, and portability. To the best of our knowledge, there is no study evaluating the performance of the new Java Vector API. To bridge this gap, we propose JVBench, to the best of our knowledge, the first open-source benchmark suite for the Java Vector API. JVBench extensively exercises the features introduced by the Java Vector API, resulting in high API coverage. We use JVBench to evaluate the performance and portability of the Java Vector API on multiple architectures supporting different vector instruction sets. We compare the performance of the Java Vector API on our benchmarks w.r.t. other semantically equivalent implementations, including scalar (non-auto-vectorized) Java code as well as Java code auto-vectorized by the Just in Time (JIT) compiler. Finally, we report patterns and anti-patterns on the use of the Java Vector API significantly affecting application performance.  

 Compiling Discrete Probabilistic Programs for Vectorized Exact Inference   
 Jingwen Pan 
  Amir Shaikhha 
  Probabilistic programming languages (PPLs) are essential for reasoning under uncertainty. Even though many real-world probabilistic programs involve discrete distributions, the state-of-the-art PPLs are suboptimal for a large class of tasks dealing with such distributions. In this paper, we propose BayesTensor, a tensor-based probabilistic programming framework. By generating tensor algebra code from probabilistic programs, BayesTensor takes advantage of the highly-tuned vectorized implementations of tensor processing frameworks. Our experiments show that BayesTensor outperforms the state-of-the-art frameworks in a variety of discrete probabilistic programs, inference over Bayesian Networks, and real-world probabilistic programs employed in data processing systems.  

 A Multi-threaded Fast Hardware Compiler for HDLs   
 Sheng-Hong Wang 
  Hunter James Coffman 
  Kenneth Mayer 
  Sakshi Garg 
  Jose Renau 
  A set of new Hardware Description Languages (HDLs) are emerging to ease hardware design. HDL compilation time is a major bottleneck in the designer’s productivity. Moreover, as the HDLs are developed independently, the possibility to share innovations in compilation technology is limited.  
 We design and implement LiveHD, a new multi-threaded, fast, and generic compilation framework across many HDLs (FIRRTL, Verilog, and Pyrope). We propose new parallel full and bottom-up passes to handle HDLs. The resulting compiler can parallelize all the compiler steps.  
 LiveHD can achieve 5.5x scalability speedup when elaborating a CHISEL RISC-V Manycore. It also gets from 7.7x to 8.4x scalability speedup for a benchmark designed in all three HDLs. This is achieved with a fast single-threaded LiveHD baseline with 6x speedup compared to compilers such as Scala-FIRRTL and 8.6x against Yosys on Verilog.  

 SESSION: Scheduling and Tuning  
 Efficiently Learning Locality Optimizations by Decomposing Transformation Domains   
 Tharindu R. Patabandi 
  Mary Hall 
  Optimizing compilers for efficient machine learning are more important than ever due to the rising ubiquity of the application domain in numerous facets of life. Predictive model-guided compiler optimization is sometimes used to derive sequences of loop transformations that optimize the performance of the machine learning computations. However, training-data generation for these models often requires the traversal of prohibitively expensive schedule spaces and executing code variants corresponding to different schedule options. The size of these search spaces can quickly explode when predicting the combined effects of multiple loop transformations. This paper characterizes a learning strategy for deriving transformation sequences called Composed Singular Prediction (CSP)  . Instead of a monolithic cost model that predicts the profitability of a given transformation sequence, CSP exploits a collection of cost models, each trained on a particular loop transformation domain. In a case study, a domain-specific compiler deploys the learned models to predict loop tiling and loop permutation schedules to perform data locality optimization of Conv2d kernels. The system achieves performance improvements up to 4.0x against Intel oneDNN while saving ~ 105.3 x  in training data collection time compared to exhaustive exploration of the design space.  

 A Deep Learning Model for Loop Interchange   
 Lina Mezdour 
  Khadidja Kadem 
  Massinissa Merouani 
  Amina Selma Haichour 
  Saman Amarasinghe 
  Riyadh Baghdadi 
  Loop interchange is an important code optimization that improves data locality and extracts parallelism. While previous research in compilers has tried to automate the selection of which loops to interchange, existing methods have an important limitation. They use less precise machine models. This is mainly because developing a model to predict whether to interchange two loops is challenging since such a prediction depends on many factors. While state-of-the-art methods try to avoid this problem by using a deep-learning based cost model, they suffer from another limitation. They scale proportionally with the number of loop levels of a given loop nest. This is mainly because they use the model to evaluate all the possible loop interchanges (or a subset of the most promising ones). In this paper, we propose a novel deep-learning model for loop interchange that addresses the previous limitations. It takes a code representation as input and predicts the best pair of loops to interchange. Compared to state-of-the-art deep-learning based cost models, it requires constant time to predict the best loop interchange. This is in contrast to state-of-the-art deep learning models that are used to evaluate all the loop pairs and then pick the best one. The proposed model is the first deep learning model that requires a constant time to predict the best loops to interchange. The model is implemented and evaluated in the Tiramisu compiler, a state-of-the-art polyhedral compiler. We evaluate the proposed model on a benchmark of Tiramisu programs and show an accuracy of 78.57% for 1-shot and 85.71% for 2-shots. Experiments show that our model outperforms the cost model currently used by the Tiramisu compiler by 8.57% in terms of 1-shot accuracy, and 5.71% with 2-shots accuracy, while at the same time reducing the total execution time needed for predicting the best pair of loops to interchange.  

 (De/Re)-Compositions Expressed Systematically via MDH-Based Schedules   
 Ari Rasch 
  Richard Schulze 
  Denys Shabalin 
  Anne Elster 
  Sergei Gorlatch 
  Mary Hall 
  We introduce a new scheduling language, based on the formalism of Multi-Dimensional Homomorphisms (MDH). In contrast to existing scheduling languages, our MDH-based language is designed to systematically "de-compose" computations for the memory and core hierarchies of architectures, and "re-compose" the computed intermediate results back to the final result -- we say "(de/re)-composition" for short. We argue that our scheduling langauge is easy to use and yet expressive enough to express well-performing (de/re)-compositions of popular related approaches, e.g., the TVM compiler, for MDH-supported computations (such as linear algebra routines and stencil computations). Moreover, our language is designed as auto-tunable, i.e., any optimization decision can optionally be left to the auto-tuning engine of our system, and our system can automatically recommend schedules for the user, based on its auto-tuning capabilities. Also, by relying on the MDH approach, we can formally guarantee the correctness of optimizations expressed in our language, thereby further enhancing user experience. Our experiments on GPU and CPU confirm that we can express optimizations that cannot be expressed straightforwardly (or at all) in TVM's scheduling language, thereby achieving higher performance than TVM, and also vendor libraries provided by NVIDIA and Intel, for time-intensive computations used in real-world deep learning neural networks.  

 SESSION: Code Generation and Synthesis  
 A Sound and Complete Algorithm for Code Generation in Distance-Based ISA   
 Shu Sugita 
  Toru Koizumi 
  Ryota Shioya 
  Hidetsugu Irie 
  Shuichi Sakai 
  The single-thread performance of a processor core is essential even in the multicore era. However, increasing the processing width of a core to improve the single-thread performance leads to a super-linear increase in power consumption. To overcome this power consumption issue, an instruction set architecture for general-purpose processors, called STRAIGHT, has been proposed. STRAIGHT adopts a distance-based ISA, in which source operands are specified by the distance between instructions. In STRAIGHT, it is necessary to satisfy constraints on the distance used as operands to generate executable code. However, it is not yet clear how to generate code that satisfies these constraints in the general case. In this paper, we propose three compiling techniques for STRAIGHT code generation and prove that our techniques can reliably generate code that satisfies the distance constraints. We implemented the proposed method on a compiler and evaluated benchmark programs compiled with it through simulation. The evaluation results showed that the proposed method works in all cases, including conditions where the number of registers is small and existing methods fail to generate code.  

 Matching Linear Algebra and Tensor Code to Specialized Hardware Accelerators   
 Pablo Antonio Martínez 
  Jackson Woodruff 
  Jordi Armengol-Estapé 
  Gregorio Bernabé 
  José Manuel García 
  Michael F. P. O’Boyle 
  Dedicated tensor accelerators demonstrate the importance of linear algebra in modern applications. Such accelerators have the potential for impressive performance gains, but require programmers to rewrite code using vendor APIs - a barrier to wider scale adoption. Recent work overcomes this by matching and replacing patterns within code, but such approaches are fragile and fail to cope with the diversity of real-world codes.  
 We develop ATC, a compiler that uses program synthesis to map regions of code to specific APIs. The mapping space that ATC explores is combinatorially large, requiring the development of program classification, dynamic analysis, variable constraint generation and lexical distance matching techniques to make it tractable.  
 We apply ATC to real-world tensor and linear algebra codes and evaluate them against four state-of-the-art approaches. We accelerate between 2.6x and 7x more programs, leading to over an order of magnitude performance improvement.  

 Torchy: A Tracing JIT Compiler for PyTorch   
 Nuno P. Lopes 
  Machine learning (ML) models keep getting larger and more complex. Whereas before models used to be represented by static data-flow graphs, they are now implemented via arbitrary Python code. Eager-mode frameworks, such as PyTorch, are now the standard for developing new ML models. The semantics of eager-mode frameworks is that operations are computed straight away. This greatly simplifies the development process, and it enables more dynamic ML models.  
 Although eager-mode frameworks are more convenient, they are less efficient today as operations are dispatched to the hardware one at a time. This execution model precludes, for example, operation fusion, which is essential for executing ML workloads efficiently.  
 In this paper we present Torchy, a tracing JIT compiler for PyTorch. Torchy achieves similar performance as data-flow frameworks, while providing the same semantics of straight-away execution. Moreover, Torchy works with any PyTorch program unmodified. Torchy outperforms PyTorch by up to 12x in microbenchmarks, and PyTorch's static compiler (TorchScript) by up to 5x.  

 SESSION: Backend  
 A Symbolic Emulator for Shuffle Synthesis on the NVIDIA PTX Code   
 Kazuaki Matsumura 
  Simon Garcia De Gonzalo 
  Antonio J. Peña 
  Various kinds of applications take advantage of GPUs through automation tools that attempt to automatically exploit the available performance of the GPU's parallel architecture. Directive-based programming models, such as OpenACC, are one such method that easily enables parallel computing by just adhering code annotations to code loops. Such abstract models, however, often prevent programmers from making additional low-level optimizations to take advantage of the advanced architectural features of GPUs because the actual generated computation is hidden from the application developer.  
 This paper describes and implements a novel flexible optimization technique that operates by inserting a code emulator phase to the tail-end of the compilation pipeline. Our tool emulates the generated code using symbolic analysis by substituting dynamic information and thus allowing for further low-level code optimizations to be applied. We implement our tool to support both CUDA and OpenACC directives as the frontend of the compilation pipeline, thus enabling low-level GPU optimizations for OpenACC that were not previously possible. We demonstrate the capabilities of our tool by automating warp-level shuffle instructions that are difficult to use by even advanced GPU programmers. Lastly, evaluating our tool with a benchmark suite and complex application code, we provide a detailed study to assess the benefits of shuffle instructions across four generations of GPU architectures.  

 Register Allocation for Compressed ISAs in LLVM   
 Andreas Fried 
  Maximilian Stemmer-Grabow 
  Julian Wachter 
  We present an adaptation to the LLVM greedy register allocator to improve code density for compressed RISC ISAs.  
 Many RISC architectures have extensions defining smaller encodings for common instructions, typically 16 rather than 32 bits wide. However, these instructions typically cannot access all the processor’s registers, and might only have room to specify two registers even for binary operations.  
 When a register allocator is aware of these restrictions, it can analyze the compressibility  of instructions and assign registers in such a way that as many instructions as possible can use the smaller encoding.  
 We adapted four aspects of the LLVM greedy register allocator in order to enable more compressed instructions: 1. Prioritize virtual registers with many potentially compressible instructions for earlier assignment. 2. Select registers so that the number of compressed instructions is maximized. 3. Take compressibility into account when deciding which virtual registers to spill. 4. Weigh more register copies against more opportunity for compression.  
 We evaluate our techniques using LLVM’s RISC-V backend. In the SPEC2000 and SPEC2006 benchmarks, our register allocator produces between 0.42 % and 6.52 % smaller binaries. In the geometric mean, binaries become 1.93 % smaller. We see especially large improvements on some floating-point-heavy benchmarks.  
 Binaries compiled for better compression show changes in their execution time of at most ± 1.5 %. We analyze these against LLVM’s spilling metrics, and conclude that the effect is probably not systemic but a random fluctuation in the register allocation heuristic.  

 RL4ReAl: Reinforcement Learning for Register Allocation   
 S. VenkataKeerthy 
  Siddharth Jain 
  Anilava Kundu 
  Rohit Aggarwal 
  Albert Cohen 
  Ramakrishna Upadrasta 
  We aim to automate decades of research and experience in register allocation, leveraging machine learning. We tackle this problem by embedding a multi-agent reinforcement learning algorithm within LLVM, training it with the state of the art techniques. We formalize the constraints that precisely define the problem for a given instruction-set architecture, while ensuring that the generated code preserves semantic correctness. We also develop a gRPC based framework providing a modular and efficient compiler interface for training and inference. Our approach is architecture independent: we show experimental results targeting Intel x86 and ARM AArch64. Our results match or out-perform the heavily tuned, production-grade register allocators of LLVM.  

 SESSION: Code Size and Bugs  
 Automatically Localizing Dynamic Code Generation Bugs in JIT Compiler Back-End   
 HeuiChan Lim 
  Saumya Debray 
  Just-in-Time (JIT) compilers are ubiquitous in modern computing systems and are used in a wide variety of software. Dynamic code generation bugs, where the JIT compiler silently emits incorrect code, can result in exploitable vulnerabilities. They, therefore, pose serious security concerns and make quick mitigation essential. However, due to the size and complexity of JIT compilers, quickly locating and fixing bugs is often challenging. In addition, the unique characteristics of JIT compilers make existing bug localization approaches inapplicable. Therefore, this paper proposes a new approach to automatic bug localization, explicitly targeting the JIT compiler back-end. The approach is based on explicitly modeling architecture-independent back-end representation and architecture-specific code-generation. Experiments using a prototype implementation on a widely used JIT compiler (Turbofan) indicate that it can successfully localize dynamic code generation bugs in the back-end with high accuracy.  

 HyBF: A Hybrid Branch Fusion Strategy for Code Size Reduction   
 Rodrigo C. O. Rocha 
  Charitha Saumya 
  Kirshanthan Sundararajah 
  Pavlos Petoumenos 
  Milind Kulkarni 
  Michael F. P. O’Boyle 
  Binary code size is a first-class design consideration in many computing domains and a critical factor in many more, but compiler optimizations targeting code size are few and often limited in functionality. When size reduction opportunities are left unexploited, it results in higher downstream costs such as memory, storage, bandwidth, or programmer time.  
 We present HyBF, a framework to manage code merging techniques that target conditional branches (i.e., if-then-else) with similar code regions on both paths. While such code can be easily and profitably merged and with little control flow overhead, existing techniques generally fail to fully handle it. Our work is inspired by branch fusion, a technique for merging similar code in if-then-else statements, which is aimed at reducing thread divergence in GPUs. We introduce two new branch fusion techniques that can be applied on almost any if-then-else statement and can uncover many more code merging opportunities. The two approaches are mostly orthogonal and have different limitations and strengths. We integrate them into a single framework, HyBF, which can choose the optimal approach on per branch basis to maximize the potential of reducing code size.  
 Our results show that we can achieve significant code savings on top of already highly optimized binaries, including state-of-the-art code size optimizations. Over 61 benchmarks, we reduce code size on 43 of them. That reduction typically ranges from a few hundred to a few thousand bytes, but for specific benchmarks it can be substantial and as high as 4.2% or 67 KB.  

 Linker Code Size Optimization for Native Mobile Applications   
 Gai Liu 
  Umar Farooq 
  Chengyan Zhao 
  Xia Liu 
  Nian Sun 
  Modern mobile applications have grown rapidly in binary size, which restricts user growth and hinders updates for existing users. Thus, reducing the binary size is important for application developers. Recent studies have shown the possibility of using link-time code size optimizations by re-invoking certain compiler optimizations on the linked intermediate representation of the program. However, such methods often incur significant build time overhead and require intrusive changes to the existing build pipeline.  
 In this paper, we propose several novel optimization techniques that do not require significant customization to the build pipeline and reduce binary size with low build time overhead. As opposed to re-invoking the compiler during link time, we perform true linker optimization directly as optimization passes within the linker. This enables more optimization opportunities such as pre-compiled libraries that prior work often could not optimize. We evaluate our techniques on several commercial iOS applications including NewsFeedApp, ShortVideoApp, and CollaborationSuiteApp, each with hundreds of millions of daily active users. Our techniques on average achieve 18.4% binary size reduction across the three commercial applications without any user-perceivable performance degradations.  

 SESSION: Domain Specific Languages  
 Building a Compiled Query Engine in Python   
 Hesam Shahrokhi 
  Amir Shaikhha 
  The simplicity of Python and its rich set of libraries has made it the most popular language for data science. Moreover, the interpreted nature of Python offers an easy debugging experience for the developers. However, it comes with the price of poor performance compared to the compiled code. In this paper, we adopt and extend state-of-the-art research in query compilers to propose an efficient query engine embedded in Python. Our open-sourced framework enables the developers to do the debugging in Python, while being able to easily build a compiled version of the code for deployment. Our benchmark results on the entire set of TPC-H queries show that our approach covers different types of relational workloads and is competitive with state-of-the-art in-memory engines in both single- and multi-threaded settings.  

 Codon: A Compiler for High-Performance Pythonic Applications and DSLs   
 Ariya Shajii 
  Gabriel Ramirez 
  Haris Smajlović 
  Jessica Ray 
  Bonnie Berger 
  Saman Amarasinghe 
  Ibrahim Numanagić 
  Domain-specific languages (DSLs) are able to provide intuitive high-level abstractions that are easy to work with while attaining better performance than general-purpose languages. Yet, implementing new DSLs is a burdensome task. As a result, new DSLs are usually embedded in general-purpose languages. While low-level languages like C or C++ often provide better performance as a host than high-level languages like Python, high-level languages are becoming more prevalent in many domains due to their ease and flexibility. Here, we present Codon, a domain-extensible compiler and DSL framework for high-performance DSLs with Python's syntax and semantics. Codon builds on previous work on ahead-of-time type checking and compilation of Python programs and leverages a novel intermediate representation to easily incorporate domain-specific optimizations and analyses. We showcase and evaluate several compiler extensions and DSLs for Codon targeting various domains, including bioinformatics, secure multi-party computation, block-based data compression and parallel programming, showing that Codon DSLs can provide benefits of familiar high-level languages and achieve performance typically only seen with low-level languages, thus bridging the gap between performance and usability.  

 MOD2IR: High-Performance Code Generation for a Biophysically Detailed Neuronal Simulation DSL   
 George Mitenkov 
  Ioannis Magkanaris 
  Omar Awile 
  Pramod Kumbhar 
  Felix Schürmann 
  Alastair F. Donaldson 
  Advances in computational capabilities and large volumes of experimental data have established computer simulations of brain tissue models as an important pillar in modern neuroscience. Alongside, a variety of domain specific languages (DSLs) have been developed to succinctly express properties of these models, ensure their portability to different platforms, and provide an abstraction that allows scientists to work in their comfort zone of mathematical equations, delegating concerns about performance optimizations to downstream compilers. One of the popular DSLs in modern neuroscience is the NEURON MODeling Language (NMODL). Until now, its compilation process has been split into first transpiling NMODL to C++ and then using a C++ toolchain to emit the efficient machine code. This approach has several drawbacks including the reliance on different programming models to target heterogeneous hardware, maintainability of multiple compiler back-ends and the lack of flexibility to use the domain information for C++ code optimization. To overcome these limitations, we present MOD2IR, a new open-source code generation pipeline for NMODL. MOD2IR leverages the LLVM toolchain to target multiple CPU and GPU hardware platforms. Generating LLVM IR allows the vector extensions of modern CPU architectures to be targeted directly, producing optimized SIMD code. Additionally, this gives MOD2IR significant potential for further optimizations based on the domain information available when LLVM IR code is generated. We present experiments showing that MOD2IR is able to produce on-par execution performance using a single compiler back-end implementation compared to code generated via state-of-the-art C++ compilers, and can even surpass them by up to 1.26×. Moreover, MOD2IR supports JIT-execution of NMODL, yielding both efficient code and an on-the-fly execution workflow.  

 SESSION: Optimizations  
 A Hotspot-Driven Semi-automated Competitive Analysis Framework for Identifying Compiler Key Optimizations   
 Wenlong Mu 
  Yilei Zhang 
  Bo Huang 
  Jianmei Guo 
  Shiqiang Cui 
  High-performance compilers play an important role in improving the run-time performance of a program, and it is hard and time-consuming to identify the key optimizations implemented in a high-performance compiler with traditional program analysis. In this paper, we propose a hotspot-driven semi-automated competitive analysis framework for identifying key optimizations through comparing the hotspot codes generated by any two different compilers. Our framework is platform-agnostic and works well on both AArch64 and X64 platforms, which automates the stages of hotspot detection and dynamic binary instrumentation only for selected hotspots. With the instrumented instruction characterization information, the framework users can analyze the binary code within a much smaller scope to explore practical optimizations implemented in any of the compilers compared. To demonstrate the effectiveness and practicality, we conduct experiments on SPECspeed 2017 Integer benchmarks(CINT2017) and their binaries generated by open-source GCC compiler versus proprietary Huawei BiSheng and Intel ICC compilers on AArch64 and X64 platforms respectively. Empirical studies show that our methods can identify several significant optimizations that have been implemented by proprietary compilers and as well can be implemented in open-source compilers. To Hangzhou Hongjun Microelectronics Technology(Hjmicro), the identified key optimizations shed great light on optimizing their GCC-based product compiler, which delivers 20.83% improvement for SPECrate 2017 Integer on AArch64 platform.  

 LAGrad: Statically Optimized Differentiable Programming in MLIR   
 Mai Jacob Peng 
  Christophe Dubach 
  Automatic differentiation (AD) is a central algorithm in deep learning and the emerging field of differentiable programming. However, the performance of AD remains a significant bottleneck in these fields. Training large models requires repeatedly evaluating gradients via AD potentially millions of times. Additionally, the most common form of AD incurs an asymptotically large memory cost relative to the original function being differentiated.  
 This paper introduces LAGrad, a reverse-mode, source-to-source AD system that leverages high-level information in MLIR to produce efficient differentiated code. LAGrad employs a collection of novel static optimizations that benefit from the semantics of high-level MLIR dialects to exploit the sparsity and structured control flow of generated code.  
 Using these, LAGrad is able to achieve speedups of up to 2.8× and use 35× less memory relative to state of the art AD systems on real-world machine learning and computer vision benchmarks.  

 Lazy Evaluation for the Lazy: Automatically Transforming Call-by-Value into Call-by-Need   
 Breno Campos Ferreira Guimarães 
  Fernando Magno Quintão Pereira 
  This paper introduces lazification, a code transformation technique that replaces strict with lazy evaluation of function parameters whenever such modification is deemed profitable. The transformation is designed for an imperative, low-level program representation. It involves a static analysis to identify function calls that are candidates for lazification, plus the generation of closures to be lazily activated. Code extraction uses an adaptation of the classic program slicing technique adjusted for the static single assignment representation. If lazification is guided by profiling information, then it can deliver speedups even on traditional benchmarks that are heavily optimized. We have implemented lazification on LLVM 14.0, and have applied it on the C/C++ programs from the LLVM test-suite and from SPEC CPU2017. We could observe statistically significant speedups over clang -O3 on some large programs, including a speedup of 11.1% on Prolang's Bison without profiling support and a speedup of 4.6% on SPEC CPU2017's perlbench (one of the largest programs in the SPEC collection) with profiling support.

4. CC_2 conference:
CC 2025   Sat 1 - Sun 2 March 2025    

 Toggle navigation        
 Series 
  CC 2025 
  All Editions | CC 2025 
  CC 2024 
  CC 2023 
  CC 2022 
  CC 2021 
  CC 2020 
  CC 2019 
  CC 2018 
  CC 2017 
  CC 2016 
  CC 2015 
  CC 2014 
  CC 2013 
  CC 2012 
  CC 2011 
  CC 2010 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 CC  
   
 All Editions   

 Sat 1 - Sun 2 March 2025  CC 2025   
 Co-located with PPoPP, CGO and HPCA - The International Conference on Compiler Construction (CC) is interested in work on processing programs in the most general sense: analyzing, transforming or executing input that describes how a system operates, including traditional compiler construction as a special case. CC is an ACM SIGPLAN conference, and implements guidelines and procedures recommended by SIGPLAN. 
 Sat 2 - Sun 3 March 2024 Edinburgh, United Kingdom  CC 2024   
 March 2nd – March 3th, 2024, Edinburgh, UK Co-located with PPoPP, CGO and HPCA The International Conference on Compiler Construction (CC) is interested in work on processing programs in the most general sense: analyzing, transforming or executing input that describes how a system operates, including traditional compiler construction as a special case. CC is an ACM SIGPLAN conference, and implements guidelines ... 
 Sat 25 - Sun 26 February 2023 Montréal, Canada  CC 2023   
 February 25-26, 2023, Montréal, Québec, Canada. Co-located with CGO, PPoPP, and HPCA The International Conference on Compiler Construction (CC) is interested in work on processing programs in the most general sense: analyzing, transforming or executing input that describes how a system operates, including traditional compiler construction as a special case. CC is an ACM SIGPLAN conference, and implements guide ... 
 Tue 5 - Wed 6 April 2022 Online conference  CC 2022   
 April 5 - 6, 2022, Online The International Conference on Compiler Construction (CC) is interested in work on processing programs in the most general sense: analyzing, transforming or executing input that describes how a system operates, including traditional compiler construction as a special case. CC is an ACM SIGPLAN conference, and implements guidelines and procedures recommended by SIGPLAN. CC 2022 is co-l ... 
 Tue 2 - Wed 3 March 2021 Online Conference  CC 2021   
 Register for the Conference Whova Conference Webpage The International Conference on Compiler Construction (CC) is interested in work on processing programs in the most general sense: analyzing, transforming or executing input that describes how a system operates, including traditional compiler construction as a special case. CC 2021 is the 30th edition of the conference, and will be co-located with CGO, HP ... 
 Sat 22 - Wed 26 February 2020 San Diego, California, United States  CC 2020   
 22-23 February 2020, San Diego, CA, USA Co-located with CGO, PPoPP and HPCA. Welcome to the website of the ACM SIGPLAN 2020 International Conference on Compiler Construction. The CC 2020 keynote was delivered by Albert Cohen, on IR Design for Heterogeneity: Challenges and Opportunities. CC 2020 is the 29th edition of the conference. CC is now an ACM SIGPLAN conference and will ... 
 February 2019, Washington, DC, USA  CC 2019  
 More information on this edition at https://cc-conference.github.io/19/ 
 February 2018, Vienna, Austria  CC 2018  
 More information on this edition at https://cc-conference.github.io/18/ 
 Sun 5 - Mon 6 February 2017 Austin, Texas, United States  CC 2017   
 Welcome to the website of the International Conference on Compiler Construction 2017 conference. Updates are added to the website frequently. Please check back frequently for the latest news! The proceedings are available in the ACM Digital Library: http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3033019 
 March 2016, Barcelona, Spain  CC 2016  
 More information on this edition at https://cc-conference.github.io/16/ 
 April 2015, London, UK  CC 2015  
 More information on this edition at https://www.etaps.org/index.php/2015/cc 
 April 2014, Grenoble, France  CC 2014  
 More information on this edition at https://www.etaps.org/index.php/2014/cc 
 March 2013, Rome, Italy  CC 2013  
 More information on this edition at http://cc2013.elis.ugent.be/?file=home 
 March 2012, Tallinn, Estonia  CC 2012  
 More information on this edition at https://www.etaps.org/2012/cc 
 March 2011, Saarbrücken, Germany  CC 2011  
 More information on this edition at http://www.complang.tuwien.ac.at/cc2011/ 
 March 2010, Paphos, Cyprus  CC 2010  
 More information on this edition at http://www.cs.ucr.edu/~gupta/CC%202010.htm 

 Organizing Committee (CC 2025)   
   
 Daniel Kluss General Chair 
  Sara Achour Program Co-Chair    
 Stanford University   
 United States 
  Jens Palsberg Program Co-Chair    
 University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA)   
 United States 

 x  Sat 30 Nov 07:11    

 using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    

 Sign Up

5. CC_3 conference:
Event Series    
 Events    
 Academic Fields    

  Discussion    
 View source    
 History    

  Log in    
 Request account    

 CC - International Conference on Compiler Construction  
 From ConfIDent   
 Jump to: navigation  , search    

 Event Series    
 Acronym   
 CC   
   
 Title   
 International Conference on Compiler Construction   
   
 Recurrence Period   
 1   
   
 Recurrence Unit   
 year   
   
 Academic Field   
 Compiler Construction  , Computer Science  , Programming Language    
   
 Official Website   
 https://conf.researchr.org/series/CC    
   
 DOI   
 https://doi.org/10.25798/tppc-3y82  10.25798/tppc-3y82     

 Hashtag   
 CC    

 Related Identifiers   
 DBLP Series ID   
 cc     
   
 Wikidata Series ID   
 Q105693407     
   
 WikiCFP Series ID   
 379     

 CORE Rankings   
 Year   
 2017   
   
 Rank   
 A   

 Maintainer   
 Organization   
 ETAPS e.V. 
  Special Interest Group on Programming Languages, Association for Computing Machinery 

  organization   
 Special Interest Group on Programming Languages, Association for Computing Machinery    
 organization   
 ETAPS e.V.    
 Events   

 List   
   
 CC 2023   
   
 2023-02-25 → 2023-02-26  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2022   
   
 2022-04-05 → 2022-04-06  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2021   
   
 2021-03-02 → 2021-03-03  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2020   
   
 2020-02-22 → 2020-02-23  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2019   
   
 2019-02-16 → 2019-02-17  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2018   
   
 2018-02-24 → 2018-02-25  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2017   
   
 2017-02-05 → 2017-02-06  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2016   
   
 2016-03-17 → 2016-03-18  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2015   
   
 2015-04-11 → 2015-04-18  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2014   
   
 2014-04-05 → 2014-04-13  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2013   
   
 2013-04-16 → 2013-04-24  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2012   
   
 2012-03-24 → 2012-04-01  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2011   
   
 2011-03-26 → 2011-04-03  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2010   
   
 2010-03-20 → 2010-03-28  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2009   
   
 2009-03-22 → 2009-03-29  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2008   
   
 2008-03-29 → 2008-04-06  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2007   
   
 2007-03-26 → 2007-03-30  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2006   
   
 2006-03-30 → 2006-03-31  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2005   
   
 2005-04-04 → 2005-04-08  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2004   
   
 2004-03-29 → 2004-04-02  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2003   
   
 2003-04-07 → 2003-04-11  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2002   
   
 2002-04-08 → 2002-04-12  

 Computer Science   Compiler Construction   Programming Language    

 CC 2001   
   
 2001-04-02 → 2001-04-06  

 CC 2000   
   
 2000-03-25 → 2000-04-02  

 CC 1999   
   
 1999-03-22 → 1999-03-28  

 CC 1998   
   
 1998-03-28 → 1998-04-04  

 CC 1996   
   
 1996-04-24 → 1996-04-26  

 CC 1994   
   
 1994-04-07 → 1994-04-09  

 CC 1992   
   
 1992-10-05 → 1992-10-07  

 CC 1990   
   
 1990-10-22 → 1990-10-26  

 CC 1988   
   
 1988-10-10 → 1988-10-14  

 CC 1986   
   
 1986-10-12 → 1986-10-16  

 Retrieved from " https://www.confident-conference.org:443/index.php?title=Event_Series:CC&oldid=124276  "   
 Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.    
  More information      OK       

 Category  : Event Series 

 Tools  What links here    
 Related changes    
 Special pages    
 Printable version    
 Permanent link    
 Page information    
 Browse properties    

 This page was last edited on 22 November 2023, at 10:47.   
 Content is available under CC0  unless otherwise noted.   
   
 Privacy policy    
 About ConfIDent    
 Terms of Use    
 Data Protection Info    
 Declaration on Accessibility    
 Imprint    
   
 OpenResearchStack: 0.0.32  Confident: 1.9.11

6. CIS_0 conference:
Proceedings of the   
  The Nineteenth International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Security (CIS 2023)  
  December 1 – 4, 2023, Haikou, China  

 Design of System for Chinese Sign Language Corpus Construction Peng Jin 1,2,a  , Yi Liu 3,b  , Xueqiang Lv 1  and Siyuan Jing 2,3   
   
 1  Beijing Key Laboratory of Internet Culture Digital Dissemination, Beijing Information Science and Technology University, Beijing, China /EADDRESS/ 2  Sichuan Provincial Key Laboratory of Philosophy and Social Science for Language Intelligence in Special Education, Leshan Normal University, Leshan, China.   
   
 a  jandp@pku.edu.cn   
   
 3  Key Laboratory of Internet Natural Language Processing of Sichuan Provincial Education Department, Leshan Normal University, Leshan, China.  
   
 b  308137462@qq.com   
   
 ABSTRACT  
   
 One of the factors that hinder the development of sign language recognition and translation is the absence of large-scale corpus of sign language. However, construction of a large corpus with hundreds of thousands of sign language sentences as well as the aligned videos, annotations, skeleton etc., is not a simple task without the support of a system. In this paper, we introduce a system for management of construction of large-scale corpuses of Chinese sign language. The process of construction includes four steps, which are original data collection, gloss transcription, video record and video annotation. For each step, an operation of quality check is required. Moreover, some intelligent techniques are exploited to facilitate the management of corpus construction, such as text similarity identification, gloss word retrieval, and so on. The details of the system design and crucial techniques are explained in the paper. We hope the proposed system can promote the development of large-scale sign language construction as well as the recognition and translation of sign language.  
 Keywords:  Sign language, Pattern recognition, Machine translation, Corpus, System design.  

  Download PDF    

 © 2023 CIS 2023 Organizers. All rights reserved.

7. CSEDU_0 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 CSEDU 2023 will be held in conjunction with ICT4AWE 2023    and FEMIB 2023    .   
  Registration to CSEDU allows free access to the ICT4AWE and FEMIB conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 CSEDU, the International Conference on Computer Supported Education, is a yearly meeting place for presenting and discussing new educational tools and environments, best practices and case studies on innovative technology-based learning strategies, and institutional policies on computer supported education including open and distance education. CSEDU will provide an overview of current technologies as well as upcoming trends, and promote discussion about the pedagogical potential of new educational technologies in the academic and corporate world. CSEDU seeks papers and posters describing educational technology research; academic or business case-studies; or advanced prototypes, systems, tools, and techniques.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Artificial Intelligence in Education   
  
  2  .  Domain Applications and Case Studies   
  
  3  .  Information Technologies Supporting Learning   
  
  4  .  Learning/Teaching Methodologies and Assessment   
  
  5  .  Social Context and Learning Environments   
  
  6  .  Ubiquitous Learning   

  Conference Co-chairs    
 James Uhomoibhi  ,  Ulster University, United Kingdom   
  Bruce M. McLaren  ,  Carnegie Mellon University, United States   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Jelena Jovanovic  ,  University of Belgrade, Serbia   
  Irene-Angelica Chounta  ,  University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Art Graesser  ,  University of Memphis, United States   
  Barbara Wasson  ,  University of Bergen, Norway   
  Vania Dimitrova  ,  School of Computing, University of Leeds, United Kingdom   

 Special Sessions   
 Computer Supported Music Education - CSME   
  Chair:  Luca Andrea Ludovico  

  Educational Knowledge Management - EKM   
  Chairs:  Marie-Helene Abel, Christine Lahoud and Lilia Cheniti Belcadhi  

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC

8. CIS_1 conference:


9. CIS_2 conference:


10. CSEDU_1 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 Call for Papers  
 Scope  | Conference Areas  | Keynote Lectures  | Paper Submission   
  Publications  | Important Dates  |  Secretariat  | Venue    
  
  Conference Chair  | Program Chair  | Program Committee    
 CSEDU is sponsored by INSTICC  – Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control and Communication  
    
  SCOPE  
 CSEDU, the International Conference on Computer Supported Education, is a yearly meeting place for presenting and discussing new educational tools and environments, best practices and case studies on innovative technology-based learning strategies, and institutional policies on computer supported education including open and distance education. CSEDU will provide an overview of current technologies as well as upcoming trends, and promote discussion about the pedagogical potential of new educational technologies in the academic and corporate world. CSEDU seeks papers and posters describing educational technology research; academic or business case-studies; or advanced prototypes, systems, tools, and techniques.  
  Full research reports (regular papers) and work-in-progress reports (position papers) are welcome, as well as general survey papers discussing future directions. Suggested topics are listed below in the section, “Conference Areas." Papers not falling into these topics may also be acceptable at the discretion of the program chairs. All papers must describe original work not previously published or submitted to another conference. Acceptance will be based on quality, relevance, and originality. Accepted papers, presented at the conference by one or more of the authors, will be published in the Proceedings of CSEDU under an ISBN and indexed by major indexes.  
  CSEDU will also host special sessions dedicated to case-studies and commercial presentations, as well as tutorials dedicated to technical/scientific topics. Companies interested in presenting their products/methodologies or researchers interested in holding a tutorial, workshop, or special session are invited to contact the conference secretariat or visit the conference website.   
   
  CONFERENCE AREAS  
 Each of these topic areas is expanded below but the sub-topics list is not exhaustive. Papers may address one or more of the listed sub-topics, although authors should not feel limited by them. Unlisted but related sub-topics are also acceptable, provided they fit in one of the following main topic areas:   
 1  . ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN EDUCATION   
  2  . DOMAIN APPLICATIONS AND CASE STUDIES   
  3  . INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES SUPPORTING LEARNING   
  4  . LEARNING/TEACHING METHODOLOGIES AND ASSESSMENT   
  5  . SOCIAL CONTEXT AND LEARNING ENVIRONMENTS   
  6  . UBIQUITOUS LEARNING   

  AREA 1: ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN EDUCATION   
  
  Adaptive Educational Systems 
  Authoring Tools for Intelligent Tutoring Systems 
  Learning with AI Systems 
  Architectures for AI-based Educational Systems 
  Machine Learning 
  Learning Analytics and Educational Data Mining 
  Pedagogical Agents 
  Natural Language Processing 
   AREA 2: DOMAIN APPLICATIONS AND CASE STUDIES   
  
  Health Sector Applications 
  Intelligent Learning and Teaching Systems 
  Pre-K/K-12 Education 
  Next Generation Teaching and Learning Environments 
  Emerging Technologies in Education for Sustainable Development 
   AREA 3: INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES SUPPORTING LEARNING   
  
  Authoring Tools and Content Development 
  Virtual and Augmented Learning Environments 
  Synchronous and Asynchronous Learning 
  Educational Data Mining 
  Classroom Management 
  eLearning Hardware and Software 
  eLearning Platforms, Portals 
  Tools for Educational Communication and Collaboration 
  Intelligent Tutoring Systems 
   AREA 4: LEARNING/TEACHING METHODOLOGIES AND ASSESSMENT   
  
  Tools to Assess Learning 
  Instructional Design 
  Mentoring and Tutoring 
  Metrics and Performance Measurement 
  Project Based Learning and Engineering Education 
  Blended Learning 
  Faculty Development 
  Game-Based and Simulation-Based Learning 
  Higher Order Thinking Skills 
  Flipped Classroom 
   AREA 5: SOCIAL CONTEXT AND LEARNING ENVIRONMENTS   
  
  Lifelong Learning: Continuing Professional Training and Development 
  Theoretical Bases of eLearning Environments 
  Social Computing for Learning and Knowledge Sharing 
  Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning 
  Community Building 
  Course Design and eLearning Curriculae 
  Active Learning 
  Constructivism and Social Constructivism 
  Feedback and Learning Support 
  COVID-19 Societal Impacts (on Education) 
  COVID-19 Personal Impacts (Social/Emotional, Economic) 
   AREA 6: UBIQUITOUS LEARNING   
  
  Universal Design for Learning 
  Cloud-Based Learning and Assessment 
  Distance Education 
  Mobile Learning (M-Learning) 
  Massive Open Online Courses 
    
  KEYNOTE SPEAKERS  
 Art Graesser  ,  University of Memphis, United States   
  Barbara Wasson  ,  University of Bergen, Norway   
  Vania Dimitrova  ,  School of Computing, University of Leeds, United Kingdom   

  PAPER SUBMISSION  
 Authors can submit their work in the form of a complete paper or an abstract, but please note that accepted abstracts are presented but not published in the proceedings of the conference. Complete papers can be submitted as a Regular Paper, representing completed and validated research, or as a Position Paper, portraying a short report of work in progress or an arguable opinion about an issue discussing ideas, facts, situations, methods, procedures or results of scientific research focused on one of the conference topic areas.  
   
  Authors should submit a paper in English, carefully checked for correct grammar and spelling, addressing one or several of the conference areas or topics. Each paper should clearly indicate the nature of its technical/scientific contribution, and the problems, domains or environments to which it is applicable. To facilitate the double-blind paper evaluation method, authors are kindly requested to produce and provide the paper WITHOUT any reference to any of the authors, including the authors’ personal details, the acknowledgments section of the paper and any other reference that may disclose the authors’ identity.  
   
  When submitting a complete paper please note that only original papers should be submitted. Authors are advised to read INSTICC's ethical norms regarding plagiarism and self-plagiarism  thoroughly before submitting and must make sure that their submissions do not substantially overlap work which has been published elsewhere or simultaneously submitted to a journal or another conference with proceedings. Papers that contain any form of plagiarism will be rejected without reviews.  
   
  All papers must be submitted through the online submission platform PRIMORIS  and should follow the instructions and templates that can be found under Guidelines and Templates  . After the paper submission has been successfully completed, authors will receive an automatic confirmation e-mail.  

  PUBLICATIONS  
 All accepted complete papers will be published in the conference proceedings, under an ISBN reference, on paper and on digital support.  
  SCITEPRESS is a member of CrossRef ( http://www.crossref.org/  ) and every paper on our digital library is given a DOI (Digital Object Identifier).  
  The proceedings will be submitted for indexation by SCOPUS, Google Scholar, DBLP, Semantic Scholar, EI and Web of Science / Conference Proceedings Citation Index  .  

  IMPORTANT DATES  
 Conference Date:  21 - 23 April, 2023   

 Regular Papers   
    
 Paper Submission:  December 9, 2022 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  February 2, 2023 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  February 16, 2023 (expired)   

  Position Papers /Regular Papers   
    
 Paper Submission:  January 26, 2023 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  February 23, 2023 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  March 8, 2023 (expired)    

  Late-Breaking   
   
 Paper Submission:  February 16, 2023 (expired)   
  Authors Notification:  March 8, 2023 (expired)   
  Camera Ready and Registration:  March 15, 2023 (expired)    

  Doctoral Consortium    
 Authors Notification:  March 20, 2023 (expired)    
 Camera Ready and Registration:  March 24, 2023 (expired)    
  
  Special Sessions    
 Paper Submission:  February 28, 2023 (expired)    
  
  Tutorials    
 Tutorial Proposal:  March 14, 2023 (expired)    
  
  Demos    
 Demo Proposal:  March 14, 2023 (expired)    
  
  Panels    
 Panel Proposal:  March 14, 2023 (expired)    

  SECRETARIAT  
 CSEDU Secretariat    
  Address: Avenida de S. Francisco Xavier, Lote 7 Cv. C   
  2900-616 Setúbal - Portugal   
  Tel.: +351 265 520 184   
  Fax: +351 265 520 186   
  e-mail:  csedu.secretariat@insticc.org   
  Web:  https://csedu.scitevents.org   
   
  VENUE  
   
 The conference will be held at the Vienna House by Wyndham Diplomat Prague, Prague, Czech Republic.  
 The Vienna House by Wyndham Diplomat Prague is located in the diplomatic district, close to the historic centre. Where better to meet and enjoy the good life than where diplomacy prevails? The hotel is one of the most popular conference venues and the views over the rooftops alone make a visit worthwhile. From the wellness area the Castle seem within one's grasp.  

   CONFERENCE CO-CHAIRS   
 James Uhomoibhi  , Ulster University, United Kingdom   
  Bruce M. McLaren  , Carnegie Mellon University, United States   

  PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS   
 Jelena Jovanovic  , University of Belgrade, Serbia   
  Irene-Angelica Chounta  , University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany   

  PROGRAM COMMITTEE MEMBERS   
 Eleftheria Alexandri  , Hellenic Open University, Greece   
  António Andrade  , Universidade Católica Portuguesa, Portugal   
  Francisco Arcega  , Universidad de Zaragoza, Spain   
  Juan Ignacio Asensio  , University of Valladolid, Spain   
  Breno Fabrício Terra Azevedo  , Instituto Federal de Educação, Ciência e Tecnologia Fluminense, Brazil   
  Ralph-Johan Back  , Åbo Akademi University, Finland   
  Jorge Barbosa  , UNISINOS, Brazil   
  João Paulo Barros  , Polytechnic Institute of Beja, Portugal   
  Patrícia Brandalise Scherer Bassani  , Universidade Feevale, Brazil   
  Zane Berge  , University of Maryland, Baltimore County, United States   
  Jesús Valverde Berrocoso  , University of Extremadura, Spain   
  Huseyin Bicen  , Near East University, Nicosia, Cyprus   
  Andreas Bollin  , Klagenfurt University, Austria   
  Curtis J. Bonk  , Indiana University Bloomington, United States   
  Ivana Bosnic  , University of Zagreb Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, Croatia   
  Federico Botella  , Miguel Hernandez University of Elche, Spain   
  Karima Boussaha  , University of Oum El Bouaghi, Algeria   
  Patrice Bouvier  , LDLC VR Studio, France   
  Krysia Broda  , Imperial College London, United Kingdom   
  Manuel Caeiro Rodríguez  , University of Vigo, Spain   
  Renza Campagni  , Università di Firenze, Italy   
  Pasquina Campanella  , University of Bari "Aldo Moro", Italy   
  Sanja Candrlic  , Faculty of Informatics and Digital Technologies, University of Rijeka, Croatia   
  Guanliang Chen  , Monash University, Australia   
  António Coelho  , Faculdade de Engenharia da Universidade do Porto, Portugal   
  Manuel Perez Cota  , Universidade de Vigo, Spain   
  John Philip Cuthell  , Virtual Learning, United Kingdom   
  Rogério Eduardo da Silva  , University of Leicester, United Kingdom   
  Sergiu Dascalu  , University of Nevada, Reno, United States   
  Luis De-La-Fuente-Valentín  , Universidad Internacional de la Rioja, Spain   
  Christian Della  , University of Glasgow, Singapore   
  Nicoletta Di Blas  , Politecnico di Milano, Italy   
  Tania Di Mascio  , DISIM, University of L'Aquila, Italy   
  Yannis Dimitriadis  , School of Telecommunications Engineering, University of Valladolid, Spain   
  Danail Dochev  , Institute of Information and Communication Technologies, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria   
  Toby Dragon  , Ithaca College, United States   
  Nour El Mawas  , Université de Lorraine, France   
  Gijsbert Erkens  , Utrecht University, Netherlands   
  Larbi Esmahi  , Athabasca University, Canada   
  João Sena Esteves  , University of Minho, Portugal   
  Ramon Fabregat Gesa  , Universitat de Girona, Spain   
  Si Fan  , University of Tasmania, Australia   
  Richard E. Ferdig  , Kent State University, United States   
  Débora Nice Ferrari Barbosa  , Feevale University, Brazil   
  Giuseppe Fiorentino  , University of Pisa, Italy   
  Francisco García Peñalvo  , Salamanca University, Spain   
  Isabela Gasparini  , Universidade do Estado de Santa Catarina (UDESC), Brazil   
  Henrique Gil  , Escola Superior de Educação do Instituto Politécnico de Castelo Branco, Portugal   
  Apostolos Gkamas  , University Ecclesiastical Academy of Vella, Ioannina, Greece   
  Maria João Gomes  , Universidade do Minho, Portugal   
  Anabela Gomes  , Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Coimbra (Coimbra Polytechnic - ISEC), Portugal   
  Ana González Marcos  , Universidad de la Rioja, Spain   
  Christiane Gresse von Wangenheim  , UFSC - Federal University of Santa Catarina, Brazil   
  Christian Guetl  , Graz University of Technology, Austria   
  David Guralnick  , Kaleidoscope Learning, United States   
  Roger Hadgraft  , University of Technology Sydney, Australia   
  Thorsten Händler  , Ferdinand Porsche Mobile University of Applied Sciences (FERNFH), Austria   
  Peter Hastings  , DePaul University, United States   
  Antonio Hervás Jorge  , Universitat Politecnica de Valencia, Spain   
  Tomayess Issa  , Curtin University, Australia   
  Ivan Ivanov  , SUNY Empire State University, United States   
  Malinka Ivanova  , Technical University of Sofia, Bulgaria   
  M. Cabral J. C. S. Reis  , Department of Engineering, University of Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro, Portugal   
  Stéphanie Jean-Daubias  , Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, LIRIS, France   
  M.-Carmen Juan  , Instituto Ai2, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain   
  Michail Kalogiannakis  , University of Thessaly, Greece   
  Charalampos Karagiannidis  , University of Thessaly, Greece   
  Ilias Karasavvidis  , University of Thessaly, Greece   
  Vasilis Komis  , University of Patras, Greece   
  Vitomir Kovanovic  , University of South Australia, Australia   
  Lam-For Kwok  , HKCT Institute of Higher Education, China   
  Eitel J.M. Lauría  , Marist College, United States   
  Borislav Yordanov Lazarov  , Institute of Mathematics and Informatics, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, Bulgaria   
  Chien-Sing Lee  , Sunway University, Malaysia   
  Marie Lefevre  , University Claude Bernard Lyon 1, France   
  Andreas Lingnau  , German University of Applied Sciences, Germany   
  Luca Andrea Ludovico  , Università degli Studi di Milano, Italy   
  Veronika Makarova  , University of Saskatchewan, Canada   
  Ivana Marenzi  , Leibniz University Hannover, Germany   
  Verónica Marín  , University of Córdoba, Spain   
  Lindsay Marshall  , School of Computing, Newcastle University, United Kingdom   
  Scheila W Martins  , Arden University, United Kingdom   
  Bruce Maxim  , University of Michigan-Dearborn, United States   
  Madeth May  , Le Mans Université, France   
  Elvis Mazzoni  , University of Bologna, Italy   
  Marco Mesiti  , University of Milano, Italy   
  José Carlos Meireles Monteiro Metrôlho  , Instituto Politécnico de Castelo Branco, Portugal   
  Laurent Moccozet  , University of Geneva, Switzerland   
  Rafael Morales Gamboa  , University of Guadalajara, Mexico   
  António Moreira  , Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal   
  Jerzy Moscinski  , Silesian University of Technology, Poland   
  Maria Moundridou  , School of Pedagogical and Technological Education (ASPETE), Greece   
  Antao Moura  , Federal University of Campina Grande (UFCG), Brazil   
  Antoanela Luciana Naaji  , Vasile Goldis Western University of Arad, Romania   
  Tomohiro Nagashima  , Saarland University, Germany   
  Minoru Nakayama  , Institute of Science Tokyo (Tokyo Tech.), Japan   
  Mai Neo  , Multimedia University, Malaysia   
  Omid Noroozi  , Wageningen University and Research, Netherlands   
  Fátima L. S. Nunes  , Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil   
  Dade Nurjanah  , School of Computing, Telkom University, Indonesia   
  Ebba Ossiannilsson  , The Swedish Association for Distance Education (SADE), Sweden   
  José Palma  , Escola Superior de Tecnologia de Setúbal, Portugal   
  Paolo Paolini  , Politecnico di Milano, Italy   
  Stamatios Papadakis  , Department of Preschool Education, University of Crete, Greece   
  Kyparisia Papanikolaou  , School of Educational and Technological Education (ASPETE), Greece   
  Abelardo Pardo  , University of South Australia, Australia   
  Paula Peres  , ISCAP, Portugal   
  Emanuel Peres  , University of Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro/Inesc-Tec, Portugal   
  Donatella Persico  , CNR - Italian National Research Council, Italy   
  Andreas Pester  , The British University in Egypt, Austria   
  Elvira Popescu  , University of Craiova, Romania   
  Francesca Pozzi  , CNR - Italian National Research Council, Italy   
  Augustin Prodan  , Iuliu Hatieganu University, Romania   
  Yannis P. Psaromiligkos  , University of West Attica, Greece   
  Fernando Reinaldo Ribeiro  , Instituto Politécnico de Castelo Branco, Portugal   
  Marco Ronchetti  , University of Trento, Italy   
  Leon Rothkrantz  , Delft University of Technology, Netherlands   
  Razvan Rughinis  , University "Politehnica" of Bucharest, Romania   
  Jesus Salinas  , University Balearic Islands, Spain   
  Juan M. Santos  , University of Vigo, Spain   
  Georg J. Schneider  , Computer Science, Trier University of Applied Sciences, Germany   
  Wolfgang Schreiner  , Johannes Kepler University, Austria   
  Maria Serna  , UPC- Technical University of Catalonia - Barcelona Tech, Spain   
  Sabine Seufert  , University of St.Gallen, Switzerland   
  Ramesh C. Sharma  , Dr. B. R. Ambedkar University Delhi, India   
  Pei Hwa Siew  , Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman, Malaysia   
  Jane Sinclair  , University of Warwick, United Kingdom   
  Eliza Stefanova  , Sofia University, Bulgaria   
  Claudia Steinberger  , University of Klagenfurt, Austria   
  Katsuaki Suzuki  , Kumamoto University, Japan   
  Nestori Syynimaa  , University of Jyvaskyla, Finland   
  Seng Chee Tan  , National Institute of Education, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore   
  Qing Tan  , Athabasca University, Canada   
  Steven Tanimoto  , University of Washington, United States   
  Dirk Tempelaar  , Maastricht University School of Business and Economics, Netherlands   
  Uwe Terton  , Southern Cross University, Australia   
  Aristides Vagelatos  , Computer Technology Institute, Greece   
  Michael Vallance  , Future University Hakodate, Japan   
  Leo van Moergestel  , HU Utrecht University of Applied Sciences, Netherlands   
  Carlos Vaz de Carvalho  , ISEP, Portugal   
  Giuliano Vivanet  , University of Cagliari, Italy   
  Aurora Vizcaino  , Escuela Superior de Informatica, Spain   
  Alf Inge Wang  , Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Norway   
  Stelios Xinogalos  , University of Macedonia, Greece   
  Diego Zapata-Rivera  , Educational Testing Service, United States   
  Thomas Zarouchas  , Computer Technology Institute and Press "Diophantus", Greece   
  Meina Zhu  , Wayne State University, United States   
   
  (list not yet complete)  

 © 2024  INSTICC

11. ICCVG_0 conference:
Indico style 
  Indico style - inline minutes 
  Indico style - numbered 
  Indico style - numbered + minutes 
  Indico Weeks View 
      
 Choose timezone  
 Your profile timezone:     
 Use timezone based on:   Event/category   Custom   Select a custom timezone  Africa/Abidjan  Africa/Accra  Africa/Addis_Ababa  Africa/Algiers  Africa/Asmara  Africa/Bamako  Africa/Bangui  Africa/Banjul  Africa/Bissau  Africa/Blantyre  Africa/Brazzaville  Africa/Bujumbura  Africa/Cairo  Africa/Casablanca  Africa/Ceuta  Africa/Conakry  Africa/Dakar  Africa/Dar_es_Salaam  Africa/Djibouti  Africa/Douala  Africa/El_Aaiun  Africa/Freetown  Africa/Gaborone  Africa/Harare  Africa/Johannesburg  Africa/Juba  Africa/Kampala  Africa/Khartoum  Africa/Kigali  Africa/Kinshasa  Africa/Lagos  Africa/Libreville  Africa/Lome  Africa/Luanda  Africa/Lubumbashi  Africa/Lusaka  Africa/Malabo  Africa/Maputo  Africa/Maseru  Africa/Mbabane  Africa/Mogadishu  Africa/Monrovia  Africa/Nairobi  Africa/Ndjamena  Africa/Niamey  Africa/Nouakchott  Africa/Ouagadougou  Africa/Porto-Novo  Africa/Sao_Tome  Africa/Tripoli  Africa/Tunis  Africa/Windhoek  America/Adak  America/Anchorage  America/Anguilla  America/Antigua  America/Araguaina  America/Argentina/Buenos_Aires  America/Argentina/Catamarca  America/Argentina/Cordoba  America/Argentina/Jujuy  America/Argentina/La_Rioja  America/Argentina/Mendoza  America/Argentina/Rio_Gallegos  America/Argentina/Salta  America/Argentina/San_Juan  America/Argentina/San_Luis  America/Argentina/Tucuman  America/Argentina/Ushuaia  America/Aruba  America/Asuncion  America/Atikokan  America/Bahia  America/Bahia_Banderas  America/Barbados  America/Belem  America/Belize  America/Blanc-Sablon  America/Boa_Vista  America/Bogota  America/Boise  America/Cambridge_Bay  America/Campo_Grande  America/Cancun  America/Caracas  America/Cayenne  America/Cayman  America/Chicago  America/Chihuahua  America/Ciudad_Juarez  America/Costa_Rica  America/Creston  America/Cuiaba  America/Curacao  America/Danmarkshavn  America/Dawson  America/Dawson_Creek  America/Denver  America/Detroit  America/Dominica  America/Edmonton  America/Eirunepe  America/El_Salvador  America/Fort_Nelson  America/Fortaleza  America/Glace_Bay  America/Goose_Bay  America/Grand_Turk  America/Grenada  America/Guadeloupe  America/Guatemala  America/Guayaquil  America/Guyana  America/Halifax  America/Havana  America/Hermosillo  America/Indiana/Indianapolis  America/Indiana/Knox  America/Indiana/Marengo  America/Indiana/Petersburg  America/Indiana/Tell_City  America/Indiana/Vevay  America/Indiana/Vincennes  America/Indiana/Winamac  America/Inuvik  America/Iqaluit  America/Jamaica  America/Juneau  America/Kentucky/Louisville  America/Kentucky/Monticello  America/Kralendijk  America/La_Paz  America/Lima  America/Los_Angeles  America/Lower_Princes  America/Maceio  America/Managua  America/Manaus  America/Marigot  America/Martinique  America/Matamoros  America/Mazatlan  America/Menominee  America/Merida  America/Metlakatla  America/Mexico_City  America/Miquelon  America/Moncton  America/Monterrey  America/Montevideo  America/Montserrat  America/Nassau  America/New_York  America/Nome  America/Noronha  America/North_Dakota/Beulah  America/North_Dakota/Center  America/North_Dakota/New_Salem  America/Nuuk  America/Ojinaga  America/Panama  America/Paramaribo  America/Phoenix  America/Port-au-Prince  America/Port_of_Spain  America/Porto_Velho  America/Puerto_Rico  America/Punta_Arenas  America/Rankin_Inlet  America/Recife  America/Regina  America/Resolute  America/Rio_Branco  America/Santarem  America/Santiago  America/Santo_Domingo  America/Sao_Paulo  America/Scoresbysund  America/Sitka  America/St_Barthelemy  America/St_Johns  America/St_Kitts  America/St_Lucia  America/St_Thomas  America/St_Vincent  America/Swift_Current  America/Tegucigalpa  America/Thule  America/Tijuana  America/Toronto  America/Tortola  America/Vancouver  America/Whitehorse  America/Winnipeg  America/Yakutat  Antarctica/Casey  Antarctica/Davis  Antarctica/DumontDUrville  Antarctica/Macquarie  Antarctica/Mawson  Antarctica/McMurdo  Antarctica/Palmer  Antarctica/Rothera  Antarctica/Syowa  Antarctica/Troll  Antarctica/Vostok  Arctic/Longyearbyen  Asia/Aden  Asia/Almaty  Asia/Amman  Asia/Anadyr  Asia/Aqtau  Asia/Aqtobe  Asia/Ashgabat  Asia/Atyrau  Asia/Baghdad  Asia/Bahrain  Asia/Baku  Asia/Bangkok  Asia/Barnaul  Asia/Beirut  Asia/Bishkek  Asia/Brunei  Asia/Chita  Asia/Choibalsan  Asia/Colombo  Asia/Damascus  Asia/Dhaka  Asia/Dili  Asia/Dubai  Asia/Dushanbe  Asia/Famagusta  Asia/Gaza  Asia/Hebron  Asia/Ho_Chi_Minh  Asia/Hong_Kong  Asia/Hovd  Asia/Irkutsk  Asia/Jakarta  Asia/Jayapura  Asia/Jerusalem  Asia/Kabul  Asia/Kamchatka  Asia/Karachi  Asia/Kathmandu  Asia/Khandyga  Asia/Kolkata  Asia/Krasnoyarsk  Asia/Kuala_Lumpur  Asia/Kuching  Asia/Kuwait  Asia/Macau  Asia/Magadan  Asia/Makassar  Asia/Manila  Asia/Muscat  Asia/Nicosia  Asia/Novokuznetsk  Asia/Novosibirsk  Asia/Omsk  Asia/Oral  Asia/Phnom_Penh  Asia/Pontianak  Asia/Pyongyang  Asia/Qatar  Asia/Qostanay  Asia/Qyzylorda  Asia/Riyadh  Asia/Sakhalin  Asia/Samarkand  Asia/Seoul  Asia/Shanghai  Asia/Singapore  Asia/Srednekolymsk  Asia/Taipei  Asia/Tashkent  Asia/Tbilisi  Asia/Tehran  Asia/Thimphu  Asia/Tokyo  Asia/Tomsk  Asia/Ulaanbaatar  Asia/Urumqi  Asia/Ust-Nera  Asia/Vientiane  Asia/Vladivostok  Asia/Yakutsk  Asia/Yangon  Asia/Yekaterinburg  Asia/Yerevan  Atlantic/Azores  Atlantic/Bermuda  Atlantic/Canary  Atlantic/Cape_Verde  Atlantic/Faroe  Atlantic/Madeira  Atlantic/Reykjavik  Atlantic/South_Georgia  Atlantic/St_Helena  Atlantic/Stanley  Australia/Adelaide  Australia/Brisbane  Australia/Broken_Hill  Australia/Darwin  Australia/Eucla  Australia/Hobart  Australia/Lindeman  Australia/Lord_Howe  Australia/Melbourne  Australia/Perth  Australia/Sydney  Canada/Atlantic  Canada/Central  Canada/Eastern  Canada/Mountain  Canada/Newfoundland  Canada/Pacific  Europe/Amsterdam  Europe/Andorra  Europe/Astrakhan  Europe/Athens  Europe/Belgrade  Europe/Berlin  Europe/Bratislava  Europe/Brussels  Europe/Bucharest  Europe/Budapest  Europe/Busingen  Europe/Chisinau  Europe/Copenhagen  Europe/Dublin  Europe/Gibraltar  Europe/Guernsey  Europe/Helsinki  Europe/Isle_of_Man  Europe/Istanbul  Europe/Jersey  Europe/Kaliningrad  Europe/Kirov  Europe/Kyiv  Europe/Lisbon  Europe/Ljubljana  Europe/London  Europe/Luxembourg  Europe/Madrid  Europe/Malta  Europe/Mariehamn  Europe/Minsk  Europe/Monaco  Europe/Moscow  Europe/Oslo  Europe/Paris  Europe/Podgorica  Europe/Prague  Europe/Riga  Europe/Rome  Europe/Samara  Europe/San_Marino  Europe/Sarajevo  Europe/Saratov  Europe/Simferopol  Europe/Skopje  Europe/Sofia  Europe/Stockholm  Europe/Tallinn  Europe/Tirane  Europe/Ulyanovsk  Europe/Vaduz  Europe/Vatican  Europe/Vienna  Europe/Vilnius  Europe/Volgograd  Europe/Warsaw  Europe/Zagreb  Europe/Zurich  GMT  Indian/Antananarivo  Indian/Chagos  Indian/Christmas  Indian/Cocos  Indian/Comoro  Indian/Kerguelen  Indian/Mahe  Indian/Maldives  Indian/Mauritius  Indian/Mayotte  Indian/Reunion  Pacific/Apia  Pacific/Auckland  Pacific/Bougainville  Pacific/Chatham  Pacific/Chuuk  Pacific/Easter  Pacific/Efate  Pacific/Fakaofo  Pacific/Fiji  Pacific/Funafuti  Pacific/Galapagos  Pacific/Gambier  Pacific/Guadalcanal  Pacific/Guam  Pacific/Honolulu  Pacific/Kanton  Pacific/Kiritimati  Pacific/Kosrae  Pacific/Kwajalein  Pacific/Majuro  Pacific/Marquesas  Pacific/Midway  Pacific/Nauru  Pacific/Niue  Pacific/Norfolk  Pacific/Noumea  Pacific/Pago_Pago  Pacific/Palau  Pacific/Pitcairn  Pacific/Pohnpei  Pacific/Port_Moresby  Pacific/Rarotonga  Pacific/Saipan  Pacific/Tahiti  Pacific/Tarawa  Pacific/Tongatapu  Pacific/Wake  Pacific/Wallis  US/Alaska  US/Arizona  US/Central  US/Eastern  US/Hawaii  US/Mountain  US/Pacific  UTC    Save     
  
 Europe/Warsaw  English (United States)  Deutsch (Deutschland) 
  English (Canada) 
  English (United Kingdom) 
  English (United States) 
  Español (España) 
  Français (France) 
  Italiano (Italia) 
  Polski (Polska) 
  Português (Brasil) 
  Türkçe (Türkiye) 
  Čeština (Česko) 
  Монгол (Монгол) 
  Українська (Україна) 
  中文 (中国) 
  Login    

 International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics ICCVG 2024     

 September 17, 2024   
 Warsaw University of Life Sciences - SGGW   
 Europe/Warsaw timezone   

 Overview 
  Call for Papers 
  Important Additional Information 
  How to Submit 
  Organizers 
  Programme & Venue 
  Timetable 
  Committee 
  Preparing for Publication 
  Fees 
  Contact  
 iccvg@sggw.edu.pl 
  +48 22 593 7227 

 The International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics ICCVG is a biennial conference held in Poland since 2002. It continues the tradition of the conference series on Computer Graphics and Image Processing – GKPO  (Grafika Komputerowa i Przetwarzanie Obrazów) held biennially since 1990.  
 ICCVG is usually held in September and lasts three days. It is organized in parallel sessions, with an exception for keynote lectures which can be attended by all participants.  
 The main organizer of ICCVG is the Association for Image Processing, Poland, which is the Polish chapter of the International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR). The principal supporting organizer is the Institute of Information Technology  of the Warsaw University of Life Sciences – SGGW. The principal co-organizer is Faculdade de Engenharia, Universidade do Porto (FEUP), Porto, Portugal.  
 The papers are reviewed by 2 to 3 reviewers each (see the section " How to Submit  "). The conference proceedings are indexed, among others, by Web of Science and Scopus.  
 The proceedings of the conference will be published  in Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems (LNNS), Springer. Extended versions of selected outstanding papers will be published in Machine Graphics and Vision.  
   
  Starts  Sep 17, 2024, 10:00 AM    
 Ends  Sep 17, 2024, 4:00 PM    
 Europe/Warsaw   

  Warsaw University of Life Sciences - SGGW   
 Online meeting - MS Teams   
 Nowoursynowska 159 Warszawa, Poland (See the section "Programme & Venue" for details)   
 Go to map    
   
  Leszek Chmielewski 
  João Manuel R. S. Tavares 
  Arkadiusz Orłowski 
  Ryszard Kozera 

 Information for Authors of chapters in Springer books 

  Deadlines and dates  
 Paper submission: July 1, 2024 | (extended) 
  Paper acceptance: August 17 (extended) 
  Camera ready papers: August 29 (extended) 
  Conference: | September 16-18, 2024 
  ( Previous ICCVG conferences  )  

  Powered by Indico  v3.3.1     
   
 Help 
  Contact

12. ICVS_0 conference:
Skip to content  (Accesskey: 1) 
  Skip to navigation  (Accesskey: 2) 
  Skip to search  (Accesskey: 7) 
  icvs2023.conf.tuwien.ac.at    
    Zurück zur letzten Ebene  International Conference on Computer Vision Systems 2023    
 About ICVS   
 Previous ICVS 

 Facebook 
  X 
  LinkedIn 
  YouTube 
  Instagram 

 Seitennavigation öffnen         

      Search        
   
 About ICVS 
  Contributions 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Committees 
  Contact 

        © WienTourismus/Christian Stemper   
  
 International Conference on Computer Vision Systems 2023     /  About ICVS    

 About ICVS  
   
 The 14th International Conference on Computer Vision Systems will be held in Vienna on September 27-29, 2023 continuing a series of successful events beginning in Las Palmas, Spain, in 1999. In the meantime ICVS took place on three continents and in eleven different countries.  
 While most computer vision conferences focus on specific methods for experimental applications, ICVS primarily addresses issues arising in the design and deployment of comprehensive computer vision systems.  
 Its scope includes but is not limited to the following topics:  
 Building Vision Systems: Paradigms, architectures, integration, control 
  Real-time and Mobile Vision: Embedded systems, non-standard hardware, mobile applications 
  Vision for the Real World: Robustness, learning, adaptability, self-assessment, failure recovery 
  Vision for Action: Robotics, perception-action loops 
  Vision in Context: Context awareness, knowledge representations, reasoning, goal specification 
  Biological Vision: computer vision inspired by biology or psychology 
  Human-computer interaction: Monitoring, supervised learning, scene interpretation 
  Performance Evaluation: benchmarks, methods and metrics 
  ICVS brings together researchers and developers from academia and industry around the world. The perspective on systems offers a unique opportunity for sharing competence in application development and for identifying application-driven research questions.  

 IMPORTANT DATES  
   
 Workshop Proposal Deadline   
 June 12, 2023 May 25, 2023 23:59 AoE time zone  
    
 Paper Submission Deadline   
 June 12, 2023 May 29, 2023 23:59 AoE time zone   
 Notification of Acceptance   
 July 19, 2023  
 Camera – Ready Papers   
 July 29, 2023  
 Conference   
 September 27-29, 2023  

 About ICVS | Previous ICVS 
  Committees 
  Contact 
  Contributions | Best Paper Award 
  Call For Papers 
  Call for Workshops & Tutorials 
  Program | Conference Program 
  Invited Speakers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Registration 
    
 © TU Wien #69   
 Legal Notice 
  Accessibility Declaration 
  Data Protection Information 
  Cookie Settings 

 ×     
 About Cookies  
   
 Our website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, for analytical purposes, to provide social media features, and for targeted advertising. This it is necessary in order to pass information on to respective service providers. If you would like additional information about cookies on this website, please see our Data Protection Declaration  .  
 Settings  Mandatory   Mandatory cookies: name is in the first column, purpose in the second, lifetime in the third, type in the fourth, provider in the fifth | These cookies are required to help our website run smoothly.  
  
 Name | Purpose | Lifetime | Type | Provider 
 wordpress_test_cookie | Testing-Cookie to check whether cookies are allowed. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 PHPSESSID | Used by WordPress to retain the state of your current user session for all page requests. | Session | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wordpress_logged_in_{hash} | Used by Wordpress to keep users logged in. {hash} represents an unique user token. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wp-settings-time-{id} | Used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wordpress_sec_{hash} | This cookie is used to store your authentication details. Its use is limited to the admin console area. {hash} represents an unique user token. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wp-settings-{id} | Used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wp-wpml_current_language | Stores the current language. This cookie is enabled by default on sites that use the Language filtering for AJAX operations feature. | 1 Day | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wp-wpml_current_admin_language_{hash} | Stores the current WordPress administration area language. {hash} represents an unique user token. | 1 Day | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 CookieConsent_10037f | Saves your settings for the use of cookies on this website. | 1 Year | HTML | Homepage TUW 
  Web statistics   Web statistics cookies: name is in the first column, purpose in the second, lifetime in the third, type in the fourth, provider in the fifth | These cookies help us to continuously improve our services and adapt our website to your needs. We statistically evaluate the pseudonymized data collected from our website.  
  
 Name | Purpose | Lifetime | Type | Provider 
 _pk_id.136.3bc5 | Used to store a few details about the user such as the unique visitor ID. | 13 months | HTML | Matomo TUW 
 _pk_ref | Is used to store the information of the users home website. | 6 months | HTML | Matomo TUW 
 _pk_ses.136.3bc5 | Is needed to store temporary data of the visit. | 30 minutes | HTML | Matomo TUW 
    
 Save  Accept all cookies

13. ICCVG_1 conference:
Politique d'accessibilité 
  Aller au contenu 
  Aller au menu 
    Afficher / Cacher le menu  Submission | TIMELINE | Submission Timeline 
  CALL FOR PAPERS | Call for Papers 
  AUTHOR GUIDELINES | Policies 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Rebuttal Instructions 
  Author FAQs 
  ICCV23 LIVE PLATFORM | ICCV23 Live Platform 
  SUGGESTED PRACTICES FOR AUTHORS | Suggested Practices for Authors 
  REVIEWER GUIDELINES | Reviewing Timeline 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Ethics for Reviewing Papers 
  Additional Tips for Writing Good Reviews 
  CMT Instructions 
  ETHICS GUIDELINES | Ethics Guidelines 
  WORKSHOPS PROPOSALS | Workshops: Call for Proposals 
  TUTORIALS PROPOSALS | Tutorials: Call for Proposals 
  DEMOS | Demos: Call for Proposals 
  DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM | Call for Participation 
  HUGGING FACE PAPER PAGES | Hugging Face Paper pages 
  Attendance | VENUE | Paris Convention Center 
  HOW TO REACH | Getting to the event by plane / car / public transport / taxi 
  ACCESS TO THE LIVE PLATFORM | Access to the Live Platform 
  REGISTRATION 
  ACCOMMODATION | Hotels booking service 
  CATERING | Restaurants on-site 
  Lunch boxes order 
  DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION | Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 
  CALL FOR STUDENT VOLUNTEER | Call for Student Volunteer 
  LOCAL PRINTING SERVICE 
  Program | CONFERENCE | Online on August 29 
  WORKSHOPS | Workshops 
  TUTORIALS | Tutorials 
  DEMOS | Demonstrations 
  KEYNOTE SPEAKERS | Keynote Speakers 
  OPENING SESSION | Opening Session 
  Sponsors & Expo | EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS INFORMATION | Meet with the leaders in Computer Vision and Machine Learning 
  ICCV 2023 SPONSORS 
  EXHIBITOR LIST & FLOOR PLAN | Exhibitor List & Floor Plan 
  FAQ | FAQs 
  ORGANIZERS | ICCV 2023 People 
  Area Chairs 
  Outstanding Reviewers 

 Pour accéder à toutes les fonctionnalités de ce site, vous devez activer JavaScript.  
  Voici les instructions pour activer JavaScript dans votre navigateur Web  .   
  Accueil  

 ICCV is the premier international computer vision event comprising the main conference and several co-located workshops and tutorials.  
 We expect ICCV 2023 to happen in person at the Paris Convention Center  in downtown Paris.  
 Jana Kosecka, Jean Ponce, Cordelia Schmid, Andrew Zisserman  

 International Conference  
  on Computer Vision  
  October 2 - 6, 2023   

 ICCV 2023 LOCATION  
 ICCV 2023 will take place at the Paris Convention Center  in Paris, France.  
 October 2-3, 2023: Workshops & tutorials  
 October 4-6, 2023: Main conference & expo  
 Contact : iccv2023@dakini-pco.com   
   
 NEWS AND UPDATES  
 The outstanding reviewers list is online here  .  
 ICCV 2023 PHOTOS  
 Photos of the ICCV 2023 conference are now available, if one of the attendees present in a photo wishes to be blurred or to disappear from the selection, please inform us and we will do as soon as possible.  
 Opening remarks 
  Papers awards 
  Orals sessions 
  Posters Sessions 
  Demos area 
  Exhibition 
  Miscellaneous 
  Reception 
  Certificates of attendance will be sent on Wednesday 11th  to all onsite attendees  .   
 The slides from the opening ceremony are available here   
     
 Information on ICCV23 live platform here    
 The exhibitor list and exhibition floor plan are now online  .   
 The proceedings are available here  .   
 The deadline for the upload of additional files has been extended to September 27 (2:00 PM CET) - [ Live Platform  ]   
 Main Conference Schedule is available here    
 Deadline of camera ready version for accepted authors: August 18th   
 Call for student volunteer is available here    
 Travel and registration support: call for applications is now online  .   
 Registration is available here  . Apply for a visa invitation letter when you register.   
 To book an accommodation during ICCV, go to our partner B-Network webpage here  .   
 Doctoral Consortium: call for participation is now online  .   
 List of workshops is now online  .   
 ICCV23 paper submission is now closed.   
 ICCV23 paper submission is now open     
 Note that --every-- author must have a CMT account and should enter User Information and Conflict Domains on Microsoft CMT  before creating a new submission or being added as a co-author. Paper submissions will close on March 8, 2023 (23:59 GMT)  .  
 Call for demos  is available here  .  
 Information on the Exhibition and Sponsorship  are available here  .  
 Calls for papers  , workshops  and tutorials   are available now.  
 Join ICCV23 on twitter and Weibo  (links at the bottom of the page)  

 Thanks to our sponsors  
 Ultimate  

 Platinum  

 Gold  

 Silver  

 Bronze  

 Overall Meeting Sponsors  

 Facebook 
  Twitter 
  LinkedIn 
  Youtube 
  Instagram 
  Twitter 
  Weibo 
  Contact 
  Legal 
  Your data 
  Photos galleries

14. CSEDU_2 conference:
Information | News 
  Blog 
  Magazine strategy digital 
  Publications | All publications 
  Monitor Digitalization 360° 
  HFD Anthology 
  Dossiers 
  Good Practices | HFD showroom 
  digital learning map 
  Media | Newsletter 
  Videos 
  Podcasts 
  Press inquiries 
  Press releases 
  Press review 
  Guidelines for blog authors 
  EdTech-Kompass 
  Innovating & Consulting | Development | Digital Accessibility Working Group 
  Digital Sovereignity Working Group 
  HFDvisions 
  Innovation Hub 
  Sustainable learning spaces 
  Strategy | Strategy overview 
  Strategy benchmark 
  Consulting | Peer-to-peer Strategy Consulting 
  Peer-to-peer Faculty Consultation 
  HFDxChange – Collegial Consultation 
  Student Future Group #DigitalChangeMaker 
  Qualification | About our qualification programmes 
  Qualification programmes 
  HFDcert – The Community Certificate 
  Networking & events | Networking | Digitalization of the departments 
  HFDnetwork 
  Let’s Talk:Campus 
  HFD Events | HFD Hangouts 
  HFDcon 
  International | Delegation trips 2024 
  Delegation trips 2025 
  University:Future Festival 
  Calendar 
  What we do | About us | The Hochschulforum Digitalisierung 
  Team 
  Community Advisory Board: The Core Team 
  Initiatives | Stakeholder Dialogue 
  Project Partners 
  Jobs at the Hochschulforum Digitalisierung 
    
 DE 
  EN 

 CSEDU 2023 – Conference on computer supported education  
   
 21  Mar    
 23  Mar    
   
 CSEDU 2023 – Conference on computer supported education  
   
 externes Event    
 Prague  21.03.2023 - 23.03.2023   

 Jetzt anmelden      
 Zum Kalender hinzufügen      

 Jetzt anmelden      
 Teilen      
 Zum Kalender hinzufügen      
   
 CSEDU, the International Conference on Computer Supported Education, is a yearly meeting place for presenting and discussing new educational tools and environments, best practices and case studies on innovative technology-based learning strategies, and institutional policies on computer supported education including open and distance education. CSEDU will provide an overview of current technologies as well as upcoming trends, and promote discussion about the pedagogical potential of new educational technologies in the academic and corporate world. CSEDU seeks papers and posters describing educational technology research; academic or business case-studies; or advanced prototypes, systems, tools, and techniques.  
 CONFERENCE AREAS   
 Artificial Intelligence in Education 
  Domain Applications and Case Studies 
  Information Technologies Supporting Learning 
  Learning/Teaching Methodologies and Assessment 
  Social Context and Learning Environments 
  Ubiquitous Learning 
  Write a comment Cancel reply    
 Your email address will not be published.  Required fields are marked *    
 Name *     
 Email *     
 Website    
   
   Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.   

 Sharing          

 Contents  
 News 
  Calendar 
  Blog 
  Dossiers 
  Communication 
  Publications 
  The Hochschulforum Digitalisierung 

 Top Themen  
 Tool-Box zu Student Wellbeing 
  ChatGPT 
  generative KI 
  AI Tools 
  AR-Brillen 

 Consortium partner  

 Conveyor  

 Imprint 
  Privacy policy 
  Jobs at the Hochschulforum Digitalisierung 
  Newsletter

15. ICVS_1 conference:
Skip to content  (Accesskey: 1) 
  Skip to navigation  (Accesskey: 2) 
  Skip to search  (Accesskey: 7) 
  icvs2023.conf.tuwien.ac.at    
 About ICVS 
  Contributions 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Committees 
  Contact 

 Facebook 
  X 
  LinkedIn 
  YouTube 
  Instagram 

 Seitennavigation öffnen         

      Search        
   
 About ICVS 
  Contributions 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Committees 
  Contact 

        ICVS 2023  
   
 © WienTourismus/Christian Stemper   

 NEWS –  The 14th International Conference on Computer Vision Systems is now over. We would like to thank our program chairs, program committee, authors of contributed papers and attendees for a successful edition.  
 NEWS  – The “Industrial Vision Systems – IVS@ICVS2023” workshop unfortunately had to be cancelled  
  
 The 14th International Conference on Computer Vision Systems  (ICVS 2023) will be held in person on Wednesday to Friday 27-29 September 2023, continuing a series of successful events in in Europe, America and Asia.  
 The conference aims to gather researchers and developers from both academia and industry worldwide and to explore the state of the art and the prospects of computer vision systems  . The perspective on systems that ICVS historically has, offers a unique opportunity for sharing competence in application development and for elaborating on challenging application-driven research questions.  
 In this context, ICVS 2023 will focus on key application areas for advanced computer vision systems, including but not limited to robotics, healthcare and assisted living and surveillance.  
 As in the previous conferences, the ICVS 2023 proceedings will be submitted for publication to Springer, Lecture Notes in Computer Science.  
 Along with the main technical program, ICVS 2023 aims to host a series of workshops focusing on challenging computer vision applications, as well as a tutorial and an exhibition, so as to bring together academics, researchers and industrial players  working in computer vision to socialise and network together, present their research progress and address new challenges in the field.  
  
 This edition will be held at the following location (see on interactive maps  ):  
 EI 9 Hlawka Hörsaal, Gußhausstraße 27-29, 1040, Vienna, Austria  
  
 The ICVS 2023 Organising Committee   

 About ICVS | Previous ICVS 
  Committees 
  Contact 
  Contributions | Best Paper Award 
  Call For Papers 
  Call for Workshops & Tutorials 
  Program | Conference Program 
  Invited Speakers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Registration 
    
 © TU Wien #45   
 Legal Notice 
  Accessibility Declaration 
  Data Protection Information 
  Cookie Settings 

 ×     
 About Cookies  
   
 Our website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, for analytical purposes, to provide social media features, and for targeted advertising. This it is necessary in order to pass information on to respective service providers. If you would like additional information about cookies on this website, please see our Data Protection Declaration  .  
 Settings  Mandatory   Mandatory cookies: name is in the first column, purpose in the second, lifetime in the third, type in the fourth, provider in the fifth | These cookies are required to help our website run smoothly.  
  
 Name | Purpose | Lifetime | Type | Provider 
 wordpress_test_cookie | Testing-Cookie to check whether cookies are allowed. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 PHPSESSID | Used by WordPress to retain the state of your current user session for all page requests. | Session | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wordpress_logged_in_{hash} | Used by Wordpress to keep users logged in. {hash} represents an unique user token. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wp-settings-time-{id} | Used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wordpress_sec_{hash} | This cookie is used to store your authentication details. Its use is limited to the admin console area. {hash} represents an unique user token. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wp-settings-{id} | Used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. | 1 Year | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wp-wpml_current_language | Stores the current language. This cookie is enabled by default on sites that use the Language filtering for AJAX operations feature. | 1 Day | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 wp-wpml_current_admin_language_{hash} | Stores the current WordPress administration area language. {hash} represents an unique user token. | 1 Day | HTTP | Homepage TUW 
 CookieConsent_10037f | Saves your settings for the use of cookies on this website. | 1 Year | HTML | Homepage TUW 
  Web statistics   Web statistics cookies: name is in the first column, purpose in the second, lifetime in the third, type in the fourth, provider in the fifth | These cookies help us to continuously improve our services and adapt our website to your needs. We statistically evaluate the pseudonymized data collected from our website.  
  
 Name | Purpose | Lifetime | Type | Provider 
 _pk_id.136.3bc5 | Used to store a few details about the user such as the unique visitor ID. | 13 months | HTML | Matomo TUW 
 _pk_ref | Is used to store the information of the users home website. | 6 months | HTML | Matomo TUW 
 _pk_ses.136.3bc5 | Is needed to store temporary data of the visit. | 30 minutes | HTML | Matomo TUW 
    
 Save  Accept all cookies

16. CSEDU_3 conference:


17. ICVS_2 conference:
News home  Facebook        
 Twitter        
 LinkedIn        
 Email (tracker free)          
   
 No tracking until you click to share   
   
 The 14th International Conference on Computer Vision Systems (ICVS) 2023  
 Facebook        
 Twitter        
 LinkedIn        
 Email (tracker free)          
   
 No tracking until you click to share   

 Published by   Claudia Heyer    at   27 September 2023         

  Careers home    

 27 th  – 29 th  September 2023, Vienna, Austria  
 While most computer vision conferences focus on specific methods for experimental applications, ICVS  primarily addresses issues arising in the design and deployment of comprehensive computer vision systems.  

 Thursday 28 th  September:  
 9:05 – 10:05 CEST: Introduction, invited talk by Martin Humenberger  : Making new connections – Ai for the physical world at NAVER LABS Europe   

 Program  

 ALPS 2023   

 ALPS 2022   

 ALPS 2021   

 Reset your cookies consent  Accept all cookies  Personalise cookies   

 NAVER Corp. 
  NAVER LABS Korea 
  Privacy 
  Contact 

 � 2024 NAVER LABS Europe   

 Research 
  Publications 
  Code and Data 

 Blog 
  Careers 
  News 

 Events 

 Seminars 
  About us 

 Awards 
  Collaboration 

 Research 
  Publications 
  Code and Data 

 Blog 
  Careers 
  News 
  Events 
  Seminars 
  About us 

 NAVER LABS Europe 6-8 chemin de Maupertuis 38240 Meylan France Contact   

 x    

 ACTION   

 Providing embodied agents with sequential decision-making capabilities to safely execute complex tasks in dynamic environments.   
 To make robots autonomous in real-world everyday spaces, they should be able to learn from their interactions within these spaces, how to best execute tasks specified by non-expert users in a safe and reliable way. To do so requires sequential decision-making skills that combine machine learning, adaptive planning and control in uncertain environments as well as solving hard combinatorial optimization problems. Our research combines expertise in reinforcement learning, computer vision, robotic control, sim2real transfer, large multimodal foundation models and neural combinatorial optimization to build AI-based architectures and algorithms to improve robot autonomy and robustness when completing everyday complex tasks in constantly changing environments. More details on our research can be found in the Explore section below.  

 ×    

 INTERACTION   

 Equip robots to interact safely with humans, other robots and systems.  
 For a robot to be useful it must be able to represent its knowledge of the world, share what it learns and interact with other agents, in particular humans. Our research combines expertise in human-robot interaction, natural language processing, speech, information retrieval, data management and low code/no code programming to build AI components that will help next-generation robots perform complex real-world tasks. These components will help robots interact safely with humans and their physical environment, other robots and systems, represent and update their world knowledge and share it with the rest of the fleet. More details on our research can be found in the Explore section below.  

 ×    

 VISION   

 Perception to help robots understand and interact with the environment.   
 Visual perception is a necessary part of any intelligent system that is meant to interact with the world. Robots need to perceive the structure, the objects, and people in their environment to better understand the world and perform the tasks they are assigned. Our research combines expertise in visual representation learning, self-supervised learning and human behaviour understanding to build AI components that help robots understand and navigate in their 3D environment, detect and interact with surrounding objects and people and continuously adapt themselves when deployed in new environments. More details on our research can be found in the Explore section below.  

 ×    

 ×   

 All 
  Publications 
  Blog 
  News 
  Code & Data 
  Careers 
  People 
    
 All    

 Search   

 Results for {phrase}  ( {results_count_total} ≈  )   
 Latest   

 More    

 Publications    

 Search   

 Results for {phrase}  ( {results_count_total} ≈  )   
 Latest Publications   

 More    

 Go to Publications     

 Blog    

 Search   

 Results for {phrase}  ( {results_count_total} ≈  )   
 Latest Blog   

 More    

 Go to Blogs     

 News    

 Search   

 Results for {phrase}  ( {results_count_total} ≈  )   
 Latest News   

 More    

 Go to News     

 Code & Data    

 Search   

 Results for {phrase}  ( {results_count_total} ≈  )   
 Latest Code & Data   

 More    

 Go to Code & Data     

 Careers    

 Search   

 Results for {phrase}  ( {results_count_total} ≈  )   
 Latest Careers   

 More    

 Go to Careers     

 People    

 Search   

 Results for {phrase}  ( {results_count_total} ≈  )   
 People   

 Go to People     

 x    

 NAVER FRANCE Gender Equality 2024   

 Details on the gender equality index score 2024 (related to year 2023) for NAVER France of 87/100.   
 Difference in female/male salary: 34/40 points 
  Difference in salary increases female/male: 35/35 points 
  Salary increases upon return from maternity leave: Non calculable 
  Number of employees in under-represented gender in 10 highest salaries: 5/10 points 
  The NAVER France targets set in 2022 (Indicator n°1: +2 points in 2024 and Indicator n°4: +5 points in 2025) have been achieved.  
 —————  
 Index NAVER France de l’égalité professionnelle entre les femmes et les hommes pour l’année 2024 au titre des données 2023 : 87/100  
   Détail des indicateurs :  
 Les écarts de salaire entre les femmes et les hommes: 34 sur 40 points 
  Les écarts des augmentations individuelles entre les femmes et les hommes : 35 sur 35 points 
  Toutes les salariées augmentées revenant de congé maternité : Incalculable 
  Le nombre de salarié du sexe sous-représenté parmi les 10 plus hautes rémunérations : 5 sur 10 points 
  Les objectifs de progression de l’Index définis en 2022 (Indicateur n°1 : +2 points en 2024 et Indicateur n°4 : +5 points en 2025) ont été atteints.  

 x    

 NAVER FRANCE Gender Equality 2023   

 Details on the gender equality index score 2024 (related to year 2023) for NAVER France of 87/100.   
 1. Difference in female/male salary: 34/40 points  
 2. Difference in salary increases female/male: 35/35 points  
 3. Salary increases upon return from maternity leave: Non calculable  
 4. Number of employees in under-represented gender in 10 highest salaries: 5/10 points  
 The NAVER France targets set in 2022 (Indicator n°1: +2 points in 2024 and Indicator n°4: +5 points in 2025) have been achieved.  
 ——————-  
 Index NAVER France de l’égalité professionnelle entre les femmes et les hommes pour l’année 2024 au titre des données 2023 : 87/100   
  
 Détail des indicateurs :  
 1. Les écarts de salaire entre les femmes et les hommes: 34 sur 40 points  
 2. Les écarts des augmentations individuelles entre les femmes et les hommes : 35 sur 35 points  
 3. Toutes les salariées augmentées revenant de congé maternité : Incalculable  
 4. Le nombre de salarié du sexe sous-représenté parmi les 10 plus hautes rémunérations : 5 sur 10 points  
 Les objectifs de progression de l’Index définis en 2022 (Indicateur n°1 : +2 points en 2024 et Indicateur n°4 : +5 points en 2025) ont été atteints.  

 ×    

 Action   

  To make robots autonomous in real-world everyday spaces, they should be able to learn from their interactions within these spaces, how to best execute tasks specified by non-expert users in a safe and reliable way. To do so requires sequential decision-making skills that combine machine learning, adaptive planning and control in uncertain environments as well as solving hard combinatorial optimisation problems. Our research combines expertise in reinforcement learning, computer vision, robotic control, sim2real transfer, large multimodal foundation models and neural combinatorial optimisation to build AI-based architectures and algorithms to improve robot autonomy and robustness when completing everyday complex tasks in constantly changing environments.  

 x    
   
 VISION   
 The research we conduct on expressive visual representations is applicable to visual search, object detection, image classification and the automatic extraction of 3D human poses and shapes that can be used for human behavior understanding and prediction, human-robot interaction or even avatar animation. We also extract 3D information from images that can be used for intelligent robot navigation, augmented reality and the 3D reconstruction of objects, buildings or even entire cities.  
 Our work covers the spectrum from unsupervised to supervised approaches, and from very deep architectures to very compact ones. We’re excited about the promise of big data to bring big performance gains to our algorithms but also passionate about the challenge of working in data-scarce and low-power scenarios.  
 Furthermore, we believe that a modern computer vision system needs to be able to continuously adapt itself to its environment and to improve itself via lifelong learning. Our driving goal is to use our research to deliver embodied intelligence to our users in robotics, autonomous driving, via phone cameras and any other visual means to reach people wherever they may be.  

 x    

 This web site uses cookies for the site search,  to display videos and for  aggregate site analytics.   
 Learn more about these cookies in our  privacy notice  .  
   
  Accept all cookies  Refuse all cookies    

 Cookie settings  
 You may choose which kind of cookies you allow when visiting this website. Click on "Save cookie settings" to apply your choice.  
  
    Functional  This website uses functional cookies which are required for the search function to work and to apply for jobs and internships.   
    Analytical  Our website uses analytical cookies to make it possible to analyse our website and optimize its usability.   
    Social media  Our website places social media cookies to show YouTube and Vimeo videos. Cookies placed by these sites may track your personal data.   

 Accept all cookies  Save cookie settings

18. ICCVG_2 conference:
Skip to the content  IRK 
  Syllabus SGGW 
  E-HMS 
  INTRANET 
  MAIL 
  E-SGGW 
  en | pl 

   Instytut Informatyki Technicznej    
 Szkoła Główna Gospodarstwa Wiejskiego     
   
         Institute 
  Staff 
  Science 
  ACA 2023 
  Contact 

 en | pl 

 Search for:       Close search       

 en | pl 

 Institute 
  Staff 
  Science 
  ACA 2023 
  Contact 

 SGGW Witryn     / Home     / Conferences     / International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics       

 International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics  

 ICCVG 2020 was held in Warsaw, on September 14-16, 2020.  
  The next ICCVG will be organized in September, 2022.    
 Accepted papers of the previous ICCVG conferences have been published  in Lecture Notes in Computer Science  ( LNCS  ), Springer. The book of ICCVG 2020 proceedings is available at the Springer website: LNCS, vol. 12334  . This tradition will be continued.   

 details | Awards granted   
 The awards for the best presentation at ICCVG 2020 and the best PhD thesis in 2018-2019 have been granted.  
 See the best presentation award laureates  and the best PhD thesis in 2018-2019 award laureates  at the pages of the Association for Image Processing – TPO.  
 The results can also be seen in a presentation  shown during the closing of the conference.  
 Proceedings published in LNCS, vol. 12334   
 The volume 12334 of Lecture Notes in Computer Science, Springer, with the proceedings of the Conference, has just been published.  
 The registered participants of the Conference have received a 4 weeks access to the papers of the volume, starting from Sept 10. From this date you have the information after logging in to this conferecnce service. Additionally, the participants receive the access to the whole volume as a navigable file, for own use.  
 Edit, 2020.09.23   
 See the published book at Springer  .   
 Conference program   
 The conference program is ready. Please see Conference | Program  .  
 Trials and testing day: Sept 08, 09: 00-14: 00 CEST (edited)   
 On Tuesday, September 08, 09: 00-14: 00 CEST, we shall have the informal trials and testing day. The active users will receive an e-mail with a link to the meeting in the morning on Tuesday, before the beginning of the event.  
 During the trials and testing you will be able to check your connection, make a trial of your lecture or presentation, and check how the group discussions will go on.  
 As we have announced before, the conference will be held on the MS Teams platform ( see the previous news item  ). If you have already used MS Teams and if your e-mail for MS Teams is different from the one you used in the registration for ICCVG, plese send it to out e-mail address ASAP.  
 The active users are:  
 Lecturers of the Invited Lectures, 
  Authors of the papers for which the conference fee was paid, 
  Participants without a paper who paid the fee, 
  Special invited guests, 
  Organizers of the conference. 
  Please check your status and the status of your paper after logging in. Please let us know in case of any inconsistencies.  
 The time we use is the Central European Summer Time (CEST), that is, UTC + 2. You can check the time zones and time differences for example at TIME.IS  .  
 At present, the time and date in Warsaw is:  4:06:00 PM  , Saturday, 2 January 2021  .   
 Edit, 2020.09.05 and 2020.09.07   
 You will not have to log in to MS Teams (although you can). The access to ICCVG will be provided by us and you will participate as a guest, with full rights to receive and broadcast video and voice. If you have MS Teams credentials you can use them to log in, but if you don’t then you can simply give your first name and given name to be visible as just you.  
 The access link will be sent to you by e-mail to the address you have given in your data when registering to ICCVG web service, or to the other address you have given to us for this purpose.  
 Software platform for the conference (edited)   
 The conference will be held in the Internet with the use of the Microsoft Teams platform.  
 Using the platform is free of any charge. It can be used either through your web browser or as the software installed for free in your hardware. Visit the MS Teams web service  . We recommend installing the software – it will operate in a more stable way, independently of the limiatations of your browser.  
 Edit, 2020.09.05   
 You will not have to log in to MS Teams (although you can).  
 Proceedings in LNCS: vol. 12334   
 The volume of Lecture Notes in Computer Science, Springer, with the proceedings of the Conference will have the number 12334.  
 You can visit the ICCVG conference series in Springer  to see the past conferences. This one will appear there.  
 Payment by card available   
 Payment by card is available now – see “ Participate | Conference fee  “.   
 Fees adjusted   
 The information on the conference fee  are now available: “Participate | Conference fee”.   
 ICCVG 2020 will be held as an Internet event only   
 Dear Participants in ICCVG 2020,  
 The International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics will be held as an Internet event only.  
 This is related to the legal state in Poland, and consequently, at our University. We have just received an information that this state is planned to last until September 30. Therefore, we are not able to reliably plan a physical meeting, so we have made this final decision today.  
 The relevant information will be updated in the web page successively. We shall also inform you about the resources with which you will be able to fully participate in the Conference, as if you were present with us in Warsaw.  
 Please watch the News section  for up-to-date information. 

  →  Vaccinations against COVID-19 for academics      

 Institute of Information Technology   
  Warsaw University of Life Sciences   
 Nowoursynowska St. 159  
  building 34  
  02-776 Warsaw  
 e-mail: iit@sggw.edu.pl   

 Kontakt 
  Job offers 
  Polityka cookies 
  Polityka prywatności 
  Klauzula RODO 
    
 Poczta pracownicza 
  Wyszukiwarka pracowników 
  Wydział Zastosowań Informatyki i Matematyki 
  Biblioteka Główna SGGW 
  Intranet 
  BIP 

  © 1816–2024 SGGW — ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

19. ICVS_3 conference:
Skip to main navigation 
  Skip to search 
  Skip to main content 
   
 Austrian Institute of Technology Home    Help & FAQ 
  Deutsch 
  English 

 Home 
  Profiles 
  Research units 
  Research output 
  Datasets 
  Prizes 
  Activities 
   
 Search by expertise, name or affiliation     

 14th International Conference on Computer Vision Systems (ICVS 2023) (Event)  
 Antensteiner, D. | (Co-Chair) 
    
 High-Performance Vision Systems 
    
 Activity :   Advisory Positions and Standardisation ›   Advisory positions in national and international organisations and expert groups   

 Period | Feb 2023  → Dec 2023 
 Event title | 14th International Conference on Computer Vision Systems (ICVS 2023) 
 Event type | Conference 
 Location | Vienna, Austria Show on map 
 Degree of Recognition | International 

 Research Field  
 High-Performance Vision Systems 

 Documents & Links  
 https://icvs2023.conf.tuwien.ac.at/commitees/ 

   X 

 Powered by Pure  , Scopus  & Elsevier Fingerprint Engine™   
 All content on this site: Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V.  or its licensors and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies. For all open access content, the Creative Commons licensing terms apply  
 We use cookies to help provide and enhance our service and tailor content. By continuing you agree to the use of cookies   
   
 Log in to Pure   
 Data up to and including 2022 were imported from another database. The AIT Austrian Institute of Technology therefore assumes no liability and/or warranty for the accuracy, completeness and/or quality of the imported data.  
   
 Austrian Institute of Technology data protection policy   
 About web accessibility   

 Report vulnerability   
   
 Contact us

20. ICCVG_3 conference:
International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics ICCVG 2022     

 19–21 Sep 2022   
 Warsaw University of Life Sciences - SGGW   
 Europe/Warsaw timezone   

 Overview 
  Best Presentation Award 
  General Lecture 
  Programme & Venue 
  Preparing for Publication 
  Topics 
  Committee 
  Organizers 
  How to Submit 
  Fees 
  Contact  
 iccvg@sggw.edu.pl 
  +48 22 593 7227 

 This is the web service of ICCVG 2022. To see the current conference please go to iccvg.sggw.edu.pl  .   
 *** ICCVG 2024 will be held in September 2024 ***   
 The International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics ICCVG is a biennial conference held in Poland since 2002. It continues the tradition of the conference series on Computer Graphics and Image Processing – GKPO  (Grafika Komputerowa i Przetwarzanie Obrazów) held biennially since 1990.  
 ICCVG is usually held in September and lasts three days. It is organized in parallel sessions, with an exception for keynote lectures which can be attended by all participants.  
 The main organizer of ICCVG is the Association for Image Processing, Poland, which is the Polish chapter of the International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR). The principal co-organizer is the Institute of Information Technology  of the Warsaw University of Life Sciences – SGGW. The cooperating organizers are: the Faculty of Information Science (WI) – West Pomeranian University of Technology in Szczecin (ZUT) and Springer Verlag as the publisher of the proceedings.  
 The papers are reviewed by 2 to 3 reviewers each (see the section " How to Submit  "). The conference proceedings are indexed, among others, by Web of Science and Scopus.  
 The proceedings of the conference were published  as vol. 598 of Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems (LNNS)  , under ISBN: 978-3-031-22024-1, DOI: 10.1007/978-3-031-22025-8   , on February 10, 2023. The Authors will soon be informed by e-mail on how they can access their author's copy of the publication.  
   
  Starts  19 Sep 2022, 13:00    
 Ends  21 Sep 2022, 13:00    
 Europe/Warsaw   

  Warsaw University of Life Sciences - SGGW   
 Building 8, room 116, upper floor   
 Nowoursynowska 166 Warszawa, Poland (See the section "Programme & Venue" for details)   
 Go to map    
   
  Leszek Chmielewski 
  Arkadiusz Orłowski 
  Ryszard Kozera 

 Information for Authors of chapters in Springer books 

  Deadlines and dates  
 Paper submission: June 25, 2022 
  Paper acceptance: July 16 
  Camera ready papers: July 29 (prolonged) 
  Conference: | September 19-21 
  ( Previous ICCVG conferences  )

21. ICCS_0 conference:
INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCE  
 Prague, Czech Republic | 3-5 July, 2023  
   
 Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tracks 
  Important Dates 
  Templates & Forms 
  Meeting Information | The Venue – How to Get There 
  Czech Technical University in Prague 
  Conference Dinner 
  Previous ICCS 
  Registration | Registration 
  Invitation Letters & Visas 
  Organisers | Organisers 
  Programme Committee 
  Program | Program 
  Keynote Lectures 
  Thematic Tracks 
  Awards 
  Contacts | Contacts 
  FAQ 
   
 Select Page     

 ICCS 2024 will take place on 2-4 July 2024 in Málaga, Spain.  

 New in ICCS  
 The proceedings | self-archive | is now available. 
  The Proceedings of ICCS 2023 are published in five volumes: | LNCS 14073 | | | LNCS 14074 | | | LNCS 14075 | | | LNCS 14076 | | | LNCS 14077 
  The best (extended) papers from ICCS 2022 have been published in the | Journal of Computational Science | . 

 ICCS 2023 – Prague, Czechia  
 “Computation at the Cutting Edge of Science”  
  
 The International Conference on Computational Science  is an annual conference that brings together researchers and scientists from mathematics and computer science as basic computing disciplines, as well as from other various application areas, who are pioneering computational methods in sciences such as physics, chemistry, life sciences, and engineering, as well as in arts and humanitarian fields, to discuss problems and solutions in the area, identify new issues, and shape future directions for research.  
 ICCS 2023 in Prague, Czechia, will be the twenty-third edition in this series of highly successful conferences.  
  Standing on the Vltava river, Prague is a political, cultural , and economic hub of central Europe.  
   
 Since its inception in 2001, ICCS has attracted increasingly higher quality and numbers of attendees and papers. Average attendance each year is about 350 participants. The proceedings series have become a major intellectual resource for computational science researchers and serve to both define and advance the state of the art of the field. An archive of the previous meetings is available through the Previous ICCS conferences page  .  
 Out of the submitted full papers to the main track and thematic tracks, we will select some 30% high-quality papers for presentation at the conference and publication in the proceedings. These are published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series  and indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services  . The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  
 As the conference theme this year is “Computation at the Cutting Edge of Science”  , papers highlighting the role of Computational Science in assisting multidisciplinary research will be particularly welcomed.  
 This conference will be a unique event focusing on recent developments in: scalable scientific algorithms; advanced software tools; computational grids; advanced numerical methods; and novel application areas. These innovative novel models, algorithms and tools drive new science through efficient application in areas such as physical systems, computational and systems biology, environmental systems, finance, and others.  
 ICCS is committed to enhancing diversity and inclusion in the conference, without regard to race, age, religion, ethnicity, nationality, ability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or gender expression.  
 ICCS is an A-rank   conference in the CORE classification.  
   
 We look forward to welcoming you to this exciting event in Prague!    
   
 ICCS 2023 is organised by:  

 Follow ICCS   
  
   Subscribe to ICCS  

 Follow @iccs_conf    
  Corporate Supporters   

 Facebook 
  Twitter

22. CHIRA_0 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 CHIRA 2023 will be held in conjunction with WEBIST 2023    and icSPORTS 2023    .   
  Registration to CHIRA allows free access to the WEBIST and icSPORTS conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The purpose of the International Conference on Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications (CHIRA) is to bring together professionals, academics and students who are interested in the advancement of research and practical applications of interaction design & human-computer interaction. Four parallel tracks will be held, covering different aspects of Computer-Human Interaction, including Human Factors and Information Systems, Interactive Devices, Interaction Design and Adaptive and Intelligent Systems.  
 Papers describing original work on advanced methods, prototypes, systems, tools and techniques as well as general survey papers indicating future directions are encouraged. Accepted papers will be presented at the conference by one of the authors and published in the Proceedings of CHIRA, which will be placed on at least one Digital Library and sent for indexation by the major international indexes.  
    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Human Factors for Interactive Systems, Research, and Applications   
  
  2  .  Interactive Devices   
  
  3  .  Interaction Design   
  
  4  .  Adaptive and Intelligent Systems   

  Conference Chair    
 Pietro Cipresso  ,  Department of Psychology, University of Turin, Italy   

 PROGRAM CHAIR    
 Hugo Plácido da Silva  ,  IT- Instituto de Telecomunicações, Portugal   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Andrea Gaggioli  ,  Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, Italy   
  Wendy E. Mackay  ,  Inria, Paris-Saclay, and the Université Paris-Saclay, France   
  Antonio Camurri  ,  Università degli Studi di Genova, Italy   

 Special Sessions   
 E3: Enhancing the Esports Experience - E3   
  Chairs:  Sven Charleer and Laura Herrewijn  

 Publications:     
  The proceedings will be published by  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC

23. ICCS_1 conference:
Skip to content      
 25 th  International Conference on Computational Science  
  
 7-9 July 2025 • Singapore  

      Menu   Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Important Dates 
  Meeting Information | Meeting Format 
  Previous ICCS 
  Registration 
  Organisers | ICCS Organisers 
  Program | Keynote Lectures 
  Workshops 
  Contacts | Contacts 

 ICCS 2025 – Singapore  
 New in ICCS   
 Paper submission | is open. 
  Call for | new Workshops | is now open. 
    
 “Making Complex Systems tractable through Computational Science”  
 The International Conference on Computational Science  is an annual conference that brings together researchers and scientists from mathematics and computer science as basic computing disciplines, as well as from other various application areas, who are pioneering computational methods in sciences such as physics, chemistry, life sciences, and engineering, as well as in arts and humanitarian fields, to discuss problems and solutions in the area, identify new issues, and shape future directions for research.  
 ICCS 2025 in Singapore, will be the twenty-fifth edition in this series of highly successful conferences.  
 Since its inception in 2001, ICCS has attracted increasingly higher quality and numbers of attendees and papers. The average attendance each year is about 350 participants. The proceedings series have become a major intellectual resource for computational science researchers and serve to define and advance the state of the art of the field. An archive of the previous meetings is available through the Previous ICCS conferences page  .  
 Out of the submitted full papers to the main conference and workshops, we will select some 30% high-quality papers for presentation at the conference and publication in the proceedings. These are published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series  and indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services  . The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  
 As the conference theme this year is “Making Complex Systems tractable through Computational Science”  , papers highlighting the role of Computational Science in tackling the complex problems of today and tomorrow are particularly welcome.  
 This conference will be a unique event focusing on recent developments in: scalable scientific algorithms; advanced software tools; computational grids; advanced numerical methods; and novel application areas. These innovative novel models, algorithms and tools drive new science through efficient application in areas such as physical systems, computational and systems biology, environmental systems, finance, and others.  
 ICCS is co-organised with the Workshops on Computational Science, a set of thematic satellite events that focus on particular aspects of computational science. These workshops provide a way to explore novel areas of computational science and bring communities together around particular sub-topics of the field. For more information please see the call for workshops.  
 ICCS is committed to enhancing diversity and inclusion in the conference, without regard to race, age, religion, ethnicity, nationality, ability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or gender expression.  
 We look forward to welcoming you to ICCS 2025 in Singapore!  

 Organisers  

 Corporate Supporters  

 Facebook 
  Twitter 

 © 2024 • International Conference on Computational Science

24. CHIRA_1 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 CHIRA 2025 will be held in conjunction with WEBIST 2025    , icSPORTS 2025    , IC3K 2025    and CoopIS 2025    .   
  Registration to CHIRA allows free access to the WEBIST, icSPORTS, IC3K and CoopIS conferences (as a non-speaker).  

 Upcoming Submission Deadlines  
 Regular Paper Submission:  May 19, 2025    
 Position/Regular Paper Submission:  June 26, 2025    
  
  (See Important Dates for more information)    
 The purpose of the International Conference on Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications (CHIRA) is to bring together professionals, academics and students who are interested in the advancement of research and practical applications in its field of interest, covering different aspects of Computer-Human Interaction, including Human Factors and Information Systems, Interactive Devices, Interaction Design and Adaptive and Intelligent Systems.    

 Publications:     
  The proceedings will be published by  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC

25. ICCHP_0 conference:
Skip to main content    
 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  
   
 OK      

 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  

 International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs - ICCHP 24, JKU Linz, Austria, July 8 -12, 2024  

 Slide 0 
  Slide 1 
  Slide 2 
  Slide 3 

  Previous    Next     

 User menu  Toggle       Home 
  Key Dates 
  Registration/Submission 

 Search form  
   Search      
 Search    

  Main navigation  Toggle navigation       Welcome | Welcome (Chairs) 
  Attend | Registration & Fees 
  On-Site 
  Accessibility 
  Social events 
  News 
  Program | Program-24 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  YRC 
  About | Key Dates 
  Topics 
  Committees 
  Organisers 
  Contribute | Call and Submissions 
  Special Thematic Sessions 
  Science, Research and Engineering 
  Innovation Area 
  Young Researchers' Consortium 
  Award 
  Cooperate | Get involved 
  Co-Operating Organizations 
  Sponsors 
  Conference Partners 
  Contact 

  Thank you for attending ICCHP 2024  
    
 ICCHP 2026  
 It was great to have the ICCHP community back together in Linz. Thank you all for coming and see you again in Brno, Czech Republic in July 2026!  
  
 1st Announcement 2026 (PDF)   
  1st Announcement 2026 (PDF)     

 Stay in the Loop  
 Stay up to date on the latest info - sign up ICCHP Conference by signing up for the ICCHP newsletter  .  
 Open Access Compendium  
 Download the ICCHP 2024 Open Access Compendium "Future Developments in Assistive Technologies, Accessibility and (e)Inclusion":  
  
 OAC_24.pdf   
  OAC_24.pdf     

 OAC_24.docx   
  OAC_24.docx     

 Follow Us  

  ICCHP - International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs run in co-operation with JKU  ,  MUNI  and Austrian Computer Society  .  
 Data Protection and Cookie Policy  | Imprint  | Terms & Conditions   
    
 Staff Login

26. ICCS_2 conference:
researchr 
   explore | Tags 
  Journals 
  Conferences 
  Authors 
  Profiles 
  Groups 
  calendar | New Conferences 
  Events 
  Deadlines 
  search  search 
    
   You are not signed in 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
     External Links  
 DOI 
  DBLP 
   Google 
  Google Scholar 
  MSAS 
   Cite Key  
 iccS-2023-2 
    Statistics  
 References: 0 
  Cited by: 0 
  Reviews: 0 
  Bibliographies: 0 
       
  PDF  
 [Upload PDF for personal use] 
      
    Researchr  
 Researchr is a web site for finding, collecting, sharing, and reviewing scientific publications, for researchers by researchers.  
 Sign up  for an account to create a profile with publication list, tag and review your related work, and share bibliographies with your co-authors.  

    Computational Science - ICCS 2023 - 23rd International Conference, Prague, Czech Republic, July 3-5, 2023, Proceedings, Part II  
 Jirí Mikyska    , Clélia de Mulatier    , Maciej Paszynski    , Valeria V. Krzhizhanovskaya    , Jack J. Dongarra    , Peter M. A. Sloot     , editors,  Computational Science - ICCS 2023 - 23rd International Conference, Prague, Czech Republic, July 3-5, 2023, Proceedings, Part II    .   Volume 14074 of Lecture Notes in Computer Science  , Springer, 2023.    [doi]     
 Conference: iccs2023     
  Abstract 
   Authors 
   BibTeX 
   References 
   Bibliographies 
   Reviews 
   Related 
         
  Abstract  
 Abstract is missing.  
  
  Table of Contents  
 Automated Identification and Location of Three Dimensional Atmospheric Frontal Systems | Stefan Niebler    , Bertil Schmidt    , Holger Tost    , Peter Spichtinger     . | 3-17 | [doi] 
   Digital Twin Simulation Development and Execution on HPC Infrastructures | Marek Kasztelnik    , Piotr Nowakowski    , Jan Meizner    , Maciej Malawski    , Adam Nowak    , Krzysztof Gadek    , Karol Zajac    , Antonino Amedeo La Mattina    , Marian Bubak     . | 18-32 | [doi] 
   Numerical Simulation of the Octorotor Flying Car in Sudden Rotor Stop | Naoya Takahashi    , Ritsuka Gomi    , Ayato Takii    , Masashi Yamakawa    , Shinichi Asao    , Seiichi Takeuchi     . | 33-46 | [doi] 
   Experimental Study of a Parallel Iterative Solver for Markov Chain Modeling | Valerio Besozzi    , M. Della Bartola    , Luca Gemignani     . | 47-61 | [doi] 
   Impact of Mixed-Precision: A Way to Accelerate Data-Driven Forest Fire Spread Systems | Carlos Carrillo    , Tomàs Margalef    , Antonio Espinosa    , Ana Cortés     . | 62-76 | [doi] 
   RL-MAGE: Strengthening Malware Detectors Against Smart Adversaries | Adarsh Nandanwar    , Hemant Rathore    , Sanjay K. Sahay    , Mohit Sewak     . | 77-92 | [doi] 
   Online Runtime Environment Prediction for Complex Colocation Interference in Distributed Streaming Processing | Fan Liu    , Weilin Zhu    , Weimin Mu    , Yun Zhang    , Mingyang Li    , Can Ma    , Weiping Wang 0005     . | 93-107 | [doi] 
   On the Impact of Noisy Labels on Supervised Classification Models | Rafal Dubel    , Agata M. Wijata    , Jakub Nalepa     . | 111-119 | [doi] 
   Improving Patients' Length of Stay Prediction Using Clinical and Demographics Features Enrichment | Hamzah Osop    , Basem Suleiman    , Muhammad Johan Alibasa    , Drew Wrigley    , Alexandra Helsham    , Anne Asmaro     . | 120-128 | [doi] 
   Compiling Tensor Expressions into Einsum | Julien Klaus    , Mark Blacher    , Joachim Giesen     . | 129-136 | [doi] 
   r-softmax: Generalized Softmax with Controllable Sparsity Rate | Klaudia Balazy    , Lukasz Struski    , Marek Smieja    , Jacek Tabor     . | 137-145 | [doi] 
   Solving Uncertainly Defined Curvilinear Potential 2D BVPs by the IFPIES | Andrzej Kuzelewski    , Eugeniusz Zieniuk    , Marta Czupryna     . | 146-153 | [doi] 
   Improving LocalMaxs Multiword Expression Statistical Extractor | Joaquim F. Silva    , José C. Cunha     . | 154-162 | [doi] 
   PIES in Multi-region Elastic Problems Including Body Forces | Agnieszka Boltuc    , Eugeniusz Zieniuk     . | 163-170 | [doi] 
   Fine-Tuning Large Language Models for Answering Programming Questions with Code Snippets | Vadim Lomshakov    , Sergey V. Kovalchuk    , Maxim Omelchenko    , Sergey I. Nikolenko    , Artem Aliev     . | 171-179 | [doi] 
   Introducing a Computational Method to Retrofit Damaged Buildings under Seismic Mainshock-Aftershock Sequence | Farzin Kazemi    , Neda Asgarkhani    , Ahmed Manguri    , Natalia Lasowicz    , Robert Jankowski     . | 180-187 | [doi] 
   Hierarchical Classification of Adverse Events Based on Consumer's Comments | Monika Kaczorowska    , Piotr Szymczak    , Sergiy Tkachuk     . | 188-195 | [doi] 
   Estimating Chlorophyll Content from Hyperspectral Data Using Gradient Features | Bogdan Ruszczak    , Agata M. Wijata    , Jakub Nalepa     . | 196-203 | [doi] 
   Image Recognition of Plants and Plant Diseases with Transfer Learning and Feature Compression | Marcin Zieba    , Konrad Przewloka    , Michal Grela    , Kamil Szkola    , Marcin Kuta     . | 204-211 | [doi] 
   TwitterEmo: Annotating Emotions and Sentiment in Polish Twitter | Stanislaw Bogdanowicz    , Hanna Cwynar    , Aleksandra Zwierzchowska    , Cezary Klamra    , Witold Kieras    , Lukasz Kobylinski     . | 212-220 | [doi] 
   Timeseries Anomaly Detection Using SAX and Matrix Profiles Based Longest Common Subsequence | Thi Phuong Quyen Nguyen    , Trung Nghia Tran    , Ton Nu Huong Giang Hoang    , Thanh Tung Nguyen     . | 221-229 | [doi] 
   Korpusomat.eu: A Multilingual Platform for Building and Analysing Linguistic Corpora | Karol Saputa    , Aleksandra Tomaszewska    , Natalia Zawadzka-Paluektau    , Witold Kieras    , Lukasz Kobylinski     . | 230-237 | [doi] 
   What Will Happen When We Radically Simplify t-SNE and UMAP Visualization Algorithms? Is It Worth Doing So? | Bartosz Minch    , Radoslaw Lazarz    , Witold Dzwinel     . | 238-246 | [doi] 
   Fast Electromagnetic Field Pattern Calculation with Fourier Neural Operators | Nattawat Pornthisan    , Stefano Markidis     . | 247-255 | [doi] 
   Elements of Antirival Accounting with sNFT | Tommi M. Elo    , Jarno Marttila    , Sergi Cutillas    , Esko Hakanen     . | 256-263 | [doi] 
   Learning Shape-Preserving Autoencoder for the Reconstruction of Functional Data from Noisy Observations | Adam Krzyzak    , Wojciech Rafajlowicz    , Ewaryst Rafajlowicz     . | 264-272 | [doi] 
   Attribute Relevance and Discretisation in Knowledge Discovery: A Study in Stylometric Domain | Urszula Stanczyk    , Beata Zielosko    , Grzegorz Baron     . | 273-281 | [doi] 
   Bayesian Networks for Named Entity Prediction in Programming Community Question Answering | Alexey Gorbatovski    , Sergey V. Kovalchuk     . | 282-289 | [doi] 
   Similarity-Based Memory Enhanced Joint Entity and Relation Extraction | Witold Kosciukiewicz    , Mateusz Wójcik    , Tomasz Kajdanowicz    , Adam Gonczarek     . | 290-297 | [doi] 
   Solving Complex Sequential Decision-Making Problems by Deep Reinforcement Learning with Heuristic Rules | Thanh Thi Nguyen    , Cuong M. Nguyen    , Thien Huynh-The    , Quoc-Viet Pham    , Quoc Viet Hung Nguyen    , Imran Razzak    , Vijay Janapa Reddi     . | 298-305 | [doi] 
   Weighted Hamming Metric and KNN Classification of Nominal-Continuous Data | Aleksander Denisiuk     . | 306-313 | [doi] 
   Application of Genetic Algorithm to Load Balancing in Networks with a Homogeneous Traffic Flow | Marek Bolanowski    , Alicja Gerka    , Andrzej Paszkiewicz    , Maria Ganzha    , Marcin Paprzycki     . | 314-321 | [doi] 
   Automatic Structuring of Topics for Natural Language Generation in Community Question Answering in Programming Domain | Lyudmila Rvanova    , Sergey V. Kovalchuk     . | 322-329 | [doi] 
   Modelling the Interplay Between Chronic Stress and Type 2 Diabetes On-Set | Roland V. Bumbuc    , Vehpi Yildirim    , Vivek M. Sheraton     . | 330-338 | [doi] 
   How to Select Superior Neural Network Simulating Inner City Contaminant Transport? Verification and Validation Techniques | Anna Wawrzynczak    , Monika Berendt-Marchel     . | 339-347 | [doi] 
   DeBERTNeXT: A Multimodal Fake News Detection Framework | Kamonashish Saha    , Ziad Kobti     . | 348-356 | [doi] 
   Optimization and Comparison of Coordinate- and Metric-Based Indexes on GPUs for Distance Similarity Searches | Michael Gowanlock    , Benoît Gallet    , Brian Donnelly     . | 357-364 | [doi] 
   Sentiment Analysis Using Machine Learning Approach Based on Feature Extraction for Anxiety Detection | Shoffan Saifullah    , Rafal Drezewski    , Felix Andika Dwiyanto    , Agus Sasmito Aribowo    , Yuli Fauziah     . | 365-372 | [doi] 
   Efficiency Analysis for AI Applications in HPC Systems. Case Study: K-Means | Jose Rivas    , Alvaro Wong    , Remo Suppi    , Emilio Luque    , Dolores Rexachs     . | 373-380 | [doi] 
   A New Algorithm for the Closest Pair of Points for Very Large Data Sets Using Exponent Bucketing and Windowing | Václav Skala    , Alejandro Esteban Martinez    , David Esteban Martinez    , Fabio Hernandez Moreno     . | 381-388 | [doi] 
   Heart Rate-Based Identification of Users of IoT Wearables: A Supervised Learning Approach | Sachit A. J. Desa    , Basem Suleiman    , Waheeb Yaqub     . | 389-397 | [doi] 
   Transferable Keyword Extraction and Generation with Text-to-Text Language Models | Piotr Pezik    , Agnieszka Mikolajczyk    , Adam Wawrzynski    , Filip Zarnecki    , Bartlomiej Niton    , Maciej Ogrodniczuk     . | 398-405 | [doi] 
   Adsorption and Thermal Stability of Hydrogen Terminationṇ on Diamond Surface: A First-Principles Study | Delun Zhou    , Jinyu Zhang    , Ruifeng Yue    , Yan Wang     . | 406-412 | [doi] 
   Exploring Counterfactual Explanations for Predicting Student Success | Farzana Afrin    , Margaret Hamilton 0001    , Charles Thevathyan     . | 413-420 | [doi] 
   Development of 3D Viscoelastic Crustal Deformation Analysis Solver with Data-Driven Method on GPU | Sota Murakami    , Kohei Fujita    , Tsuyoshi Ichimura    , Takane Hori    , Muneo Hori    , Maddegedara Lalith    , Naonori Ueda     . | 423-437 | [doi] 
   Implementation of Coupled Numerical Analysis of Magnetospheric Dynamics and Spacecraft Charging Phenomena via Code-To-Code Adapter (CoToCoA) Framework | Yohei Miyake    , Youhei Sunada    , Yuito Tanaka    , Kazuya Nakazawa    , Takeshi Nanri    , Keiichiro Fukazawa    , Yuto Katoh     . | 438-452 | [doi] 
   Improving Group Lasso for High-Dimensional Categorical Data | Szymon Nowakowski    , Piotr Pokarowski    , Wojciech Rejchel    , Agnieszka Soltys     . | 455-470 | [doi] 
   Actor-Based Scalable Simulation of N-Body Problem | Kamil Szarek    , Wojciech Turek    , Lukasz Bratek    , Marek Kisiel-Dorohinicki    , Aleksander Byrski     . | 471-485 | [doi] 
   Intracellular Material Transport Simulation in Neurons Using Isogeometric Analysis and Deep Learning | Angran Li    , Yongjie Jessica Zhang     . | 486-493 | [doi] 
   Chemical Mixing Simulations with Integrated AI Accelerator | Krzysztof Rojek    , Roman Wyrzykowski    , Pawel Gepner     . | 494-508 | [doi] 
   Memory-Based Monte Carlo Integration for Solving Partial Differential Equations Using Neural Networks | Carlos Uriarte    , Jamie M. Taylor    , David Pardo    , Oscar A. Rodríguez    , Patrick Vega     . | 509-516 | [doi] 
   Fast Solver for Advection Dominated Diffusion Using Residual Minimization and Neural Networks | Tomasz Sluzalec    , Maciej Paszynski     . | 517-531 | [doi] 
   Long-Term Prediction of Cloud Resource Usage in High-Performance Computing | Piotr Nawrocki    , Mateusz Smendowski     . | 532-546 | [doi] 
   Least-Squares Space-Time Formulation for Advection-Diffusion Problem with Efficient Adaptive Solver Based on Matrix Compression | Marcin Los    , Paulina Sepúlveda    , Mateusz Dobija    , Anna Paszynska     . | 547-560 | [doi] 
   Towards Understanding of Deep Reinforcement Learning Agents Used in Cloud Resource Management | Andrzej Malota    , Pawel Koperek    , Wlodzimierz Funika     . | 561-575 | [doi] 
   ML-Based Proactive Control of Industrial Processes | Edyta Kuk    , Szymon Bobek    , Grzegorz J. Nalepa     . | 576-589 | [doi] 
   Parallel Algorithm for Concurrent Integration of Three-Dimensional B-Spline Functions | Anna Szyszka    , Maciej Wozniak     . | 590-596 | [doi] 
   Resting State Brain Connectivity Analysis from EEG and FNIRS Signals | Rosmary Blanco    , Cemal Koba    , Alessandro Crimi     . | 599-610 | [doi] 
   Anomaly Detection of Motion Capture Data Based on the Autoencoder Approach | Piotr Hasiec    , Adam Switonski    , Henryk Josinski    , Konrad Wojciechowski     . | 611-622 | [doi] 
   Influence of the Capillaries Bed in Hyperthermia for Cancer Treatment | Antônio Marchese Bravo Esteves    , Gustavo Resende Fatigate    , Marcelo Lobosco    , Ruy Freitas Reis     . | 623-637 | [doi] 
   Phase Correction and Noise-to-Noise Denoising of Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Images Using Neural Networks | Jakub Jurek    , Andrzej Materka    , Kamil Ludwisiak    , Agata Majos    , Filip Szczepankiewicz     . | 638-652 | [doi] 
   CNN-Based Quantification of Blood Vessels Lumen in 3D Images | Andrzej Materka    , Jakub Jurek    , Marek Kocinski    , Artur Klepaczko     . | 653-661 | [doi] 
   Tensor Train Subspace Analysis for Classification of Hand Gestures with Surface EMG Signals | Rafal Zdunek     . | 662-669 | [doi] 
   A New Statistical Approach to Image Reconstruction with Rebinning for the X-Ray CT Scanners with Flying Focal Spot Tube | Piotr Pluta    , Robert Cierniak     . | 670-677 | [doi] 
   Investigating the Sentiment in Italian Long-COVID Narrations | Maria Chiara Martinis    , Ileana Scarpino    , Chiara Zucco    , Mario Cannataro     . | 678-690 | [doi] 
   Toward the Human Nanoscale Connectome: Neuronal Morphology Format, Modeling, and Storage Requirement Estimation | Wieslaw L. Nowinski     . | 691-698 | [doi] 
   Replacing the FitzHugh-Nagumo Electrophysiology Model by Physics-Informed Neural Networks | Yan Barbosa Werneck    , Rodrigo Weber dos Santos    , Bernardo Martins Rocha    , Rafael Sachetto Oliveira     . | 699-713 | [doi] 
   Sensitivity Analysis of a Two-Compartmental Differential Equation Mathematical Model of MS Using Parallel Programming | Matheus Avila Moreira de Paula    , Gustavo G. Silva    , Marcelo Lobosco    , Bárbara de Melo Quintela     . | 714-721 | [doi] 
   Hierarchical Relative Expression Analysis in Multi-omics Data Classification | Marcin Czajkowski    , Krzysztof Jurczuk    , Marek Kretowski     . | 722-729 | [doi] 

 About 
  Contact 
  Credits 
  Help 
  Web Service API 
  Blog 
  FAQ 
  Feedback 
    
 runs on Web  DSL

27. ICCCN_0 conference:
The requested URL was rejected. Please consult with your administrator.  
   
  Your support ID is: < 8203162004123368305>  
   
  [Go Back]

28. ICCHP_1 conference:
Skip to main content    
 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  
   
 OK      

 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  

 International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs - ICCHP 24, JKU Linz, Austria, July 8 -12, 2024  

 Slide 0 
  Slide 1 
  Slide 2 
  Slide 3 

  Previous    Next     

 User menu  Toggle       Home 
  Key Dates 
  Registration/Submission 

 Search form  
   Search      
 Search    

  Main navigation  Toggle navigation       Welcome 
  Attend | Registration & Fees 
  On-Site 
  Accessibility 
  Social events 
  News 
  Program | Program-24 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  YRC 
  About | Key Dates 
  Topics 
  Committees 
  Organisers 
  Contribute | Call and Submissions 
  Special Thematic Sessions 
  Science, Research and Engineering 
  Innovation Area 
  Young Researchers' Consortium 
  Award 
  Cooperate | Get involved 
  Co-Operating Organizations 
  Sponsors 
  Conference Partners 
  Contact 

  Key Dates  
    
 Science and Research Contributions  
 Special Thematic Sessions  
 Registration via our Conference Management System   
  
 Event | Date 
 Deadline for proposing Special Thematic Sessions (STS) | January 19, 2024 
 Deadline for camera-ready version of STS Introduction | April 12, 2024 
  
 Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) and  
  Open Access Compendium (OAC)  
 Registration and Submission via our Conference Management System   
  
 Event | Date 
 Deadline for Extended Abstracts | February 2, 2024 
 Deadline for reviews | March 1, 2024 
 Notification of acceptance | March 15, 2024 
 Deadline for camera-ready papers and speaker registration | April 12, 2024 
  
 Contributions to Innovation Area  
 Posters, Presentation of Prototypes, Products, Services, and Projects 
  Meetings in open and closed (upon invitation only) formats 
  Registration and Submission via our | Conference Management System 
   
 Event | Date 
 Deadline for Proposals | May 3, 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance | May 31, 2024 
  
 Contributions to the Young Researchers’ Consortium  
 Registration and Submission via our Conference Management System   
  
 Event | Date 
 Deadline for submissions to the Young Researchers´ Consortium | May 3, 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance Young Researchers´ Consortium | May 14, 2024 
  
 Awards  
  
 Event | Date 
 Deadline for Nominations for the ICCHP OCG Roland Wagner Award | June 14, 2024 
  
 Conference Main Dates  
  
 Event | Date 
 Preliminary Program | May 10, 2024 
 Early Registration Deadline | May 15, 2024 
 Conference | July 8-12 2024 

 Follow Us  

  ICCHP - International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs run in co-operation with JKU  ,  MUNI  and Austrian Computer Society  .  
 Data Protection and Cookie Policy  | Imprint  | Terms & Conditions   
    
 Staff Login

29. CHIRA_2 conference:
Skip to content.  | Skip to navigation   
 JVRB - Journal of Virtual Reality and Broadcasting   
   
 Sections  
 Home 
  Login 
  Imprint 
  Contact 
  Authors 

 Search Site      

  Advanced Search…    

  Home  /  Conferences  /   CHIRA 2023 - 7th International Conference on Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications     
 Document Actions  
         
 CHIRA 2023 - 7th International Conference on Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications  
  
 What | Conference 
 When | 2023-11-16  to   
  2023-11-17 
 Where | Rome, Italy 
 Contact Name | Pietro Cipresso (Confrence Chair) 
 Add event to calendar | vCal    
   iCal 

 Topics include:  
 Human Factors for Interactive Systems, Research, and Applications 
  Interactive Devices 
  Interaction Design 
  Adaptive and Intelligent Systems 
    
 More information about this event…   

 My Account  Log in    Service  Site Map   Accessibility   Datenschutz   Feeds       News    New Scientific Committe Member Julián Villegas 2024-01-05     Review process changes to email temporarily 2022-10-26     JVRB welcomes new Scientific Committee member Mar Gonzalez Franco 2021-07-26     Annual Report 2019 / 2020 2021-07-08     Documentation of Article Citations 2020 2021-07-08    More news…     

 Language        
  Navigation    News 
  Conferences 
  Current Issue 
  Issues 
  About JVRB 
  Editorial Board & Guest Editors 
  Submission 
  Peer Review 
  Imprint 
  Contact 
  Datenschutz 
  Conferences | CHIRA 2023 - 7th International Conference on Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications 

 « | November 2024 | » 
 Su | Mo | Tu | We | Th | Fr | Sa 
 1 | 2 
 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 
 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 
 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 | 22 | 23 
 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 | 28 | 29 | 30

30. ICCHP_2 conference:
Skip to main content    
 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  
   
 OK      

 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  

 International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs - ICCHP 24, JKU Linz, Austria, July 8 -12, 2024  

 Slide 0 
  Slide 1 
  Slide 2 
  Slide 3 

  Previous    Next     

 User menu  Toggle       Home 
  Key Dates 
  Registration/Submission 

 Search form  
   Search      
 Search    

  Main navigation  Toggle navigation       Welcome | Welcome (Chairs) 
  Attend | Registration & Fees 
  On-Site 
  Accessibility 
  Social events 
  News 
  Program | Program-24 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  YRC 
  About | Key Dates 
  Topics 
  Committees 
  Organisers 
  Contribute | Call and Submissions 
  Special Thematic Sessions 
  Science, Research and Engineering 
  Innovation Area 
  Young Researchers' Consortium 
  Award 
  Cooperate | Get involved 
  Co-Operating Organizations 
  Sponsors 
  Conference Partners 
  Contact 

 Welcome 
  Welcome from the Conference Chair 
   Welcome from the Conference Chair  

 Welcome to ICCHP 24,  
 the 19th "International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs"!  
 Last ICCHP was a great successful in-person event, and it showed that Covid-19 crisis was gradually becoming a thing of the past.  
 It was indeed a pleasure to see each other and engage fruitful discussions.  
 Following that memorable event, we are delighted to announce the 19th vibrant biennial conference, returning to our home in LINZ!  
 Since its inception in 1989, ICCHP has contributed a lot of research findings to various areas such as accessibility, inclusion, eAccessibility and Assistive Technology. Despite change of times and technologies, our goal and mission remain unchanged:  
 To make ICT more accessible and tailoring assistive technology and services to promote inclusion and participation in all aspects of society.  
 Personally, my first ICCHP experience was in 2000, over twenty years ago. Back then, there were no smartphones, no social networking services, and no practical artificial intelligences. Over time, technology has evolved dramatically.  
 Nowadays, “everyone” uses various SNS on their smartphones, often with AI-driven recommendations.  
  However, even in this cutting-edge era, or perhaps because of it, various accessibility issues still persist.  
 To address and resolve such challenges, I am confident that ICCHP is the ideal platform. Here, you can find research companions, discuss your issues, and establish a global human network even more valuable than AI.  
 We warmly invite you to participate in this remarkable conference and share your ideas. We eagerly await your contributions and presence.  
 Come and get involved, develop your network!  
  
 Kobayashi.png   

  Makoto Kobayashi  
  Tsukuba University of Technology, Japan  
  General Chair ICCHP 2024  

 Follow Us  

  ICCHP - International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs run in co-operation with JKU  ,  MUNI  and Austrian Computer Society  .  
 Data Protection and Cookie Policy  | Imprint  | Terms & Conditions   
    
 Staff Login

31. ICCCN_1 conference:
Skip to main content       IEEE Menu      Close    IEEE Global Menu  
 IEEE.org 
  IEEE Xplore Digital Library 
  IEEE Standards 
  IEEE Spectrum 
  More Sites 

 Cart (0) 
  Create Account 
  Sign In 

 Main navigation dropdown  
   Menu     Close    About | Board of Governors | Governance | BoG & OpCom Motions 
  BoG Meeting Minutes 
  Bylaws 
  Constitution 
  Council, Board, & Committee Meeting Minutes 
  Five Year Review 
  IEEE ComSoc Directory 
  OpCom Meeting Minutes 
  Policies & Procedures 
  Publications MOU 
  Strategic Plan 
  Nominations & Elections | Current Election 
  Past Election Results 
  BoG Meetings 
  Conflict of Interest 
  Ombudsperson 
  BoG Statement 
  Past Board of Governors | Past ComSoc Presidents 
  Awards | Career Awards | Education Award 
  Edwin Howard Armstrong Achievement Award 
  Excellence in Supporting Standardization for Communications Award 
  Distinguished Industry Leader Award 
  Industrial Innovation Award 
  Award for Public Service in the Field of Telecommunications 
  Walp Industry Humanitarian Award 
  Paper Awards | Award for Advances in Communication 
  Best Survey Paper Award 
  Best Tutorial Paper Award 
  Charles Kao Award for Best Optical Communications & Networking Paper 
  Fred W. Ellersick Prize 
  Heinrich Hertz Award for Best Communications Letter 
  Leonard G. Abraham Prize 
  Outstanding Paper Award 
  Stephen O. Rice Prize 
  William R. Bennett Prize 
  Katherine Johnson Young Author Best Paper Award 
  IEEE Communications Society & Information Theory Society Joint Paper Award 
  IEEE Marconi Prize Paper Award in Wireless Communications 
  Service Awards | Donald W. McLellan Meritorious Service Award 
  Gunther and Shirley Karger Chapter and Community Leadership Award 
  Harold Sobol Award for Exemplary Service to Meetings & Conferences 
  IEEE ComSoc/KICS Exemplary Global Service Award 
  IEEE Communications Society Carole Swaim Award for Distinguished Staff Service 
  Joseph LoCicero Award for Exemplary Service to Publications 
  Councils | Conferences 
  Member & Global Activities 
  Publications 
  Technical & Educational Activities 
  Boards | Asia/Pacific Region 
  Conference Development 
  Conference Operations 
  Educational Services 
  Europe, Middle-East & Africa Region 
  Industry Communities 
  Industry Outreach 
  Journals 
  Latin America Region 
  Magazines 
  Member Services 
  North America Region 
  On-Line Content 
  Standardization Programs Development 
  Standards Development 
  Technical Committees 
  Committees | Technical Committees | Big Data 
  Cognitive Networks 
  Communication Theory 
  Communications & Information Security 
  Communications Quality and Reliability 
  Communications Software 
  Communications Switching & Routing 
  Communications Systems Integration & Modeling 
  Green Communications & Computing 
  Information Infrastructure & Networking 
  Internet 
  Internet of Things, Ad Hoc & Sensor Networks 
  Molecular, Biological and Multi-Scale Communications 
  Multimedia Communications 
  Network Operations & Management 
  Optical Networking 
  Power Line Communications 
  Radio Communications 
  Satellite & Space Communications 
  Signal Processing and Computing for Communications 
  Smart Grid Communications 
  Social Networks 
  Tactile Internet 
  Transmission, Access, & Optical Systems 
  Wireless Communications 
  e-Health 
  Ad Hoc Committees | Awards Policies 
  ComSoc Loyalty Program 
  ComSoc Standardization Activities 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
  Fellow Search 
  Reorganization of ComSoc Technical Communities 
  Standing Committees | Awards 
  Communications History | Communications History | Communications History Articles 
  Distinguished Lecturers’ Selection 
  Emerging Technologies 
  Fellow Evaluation 
  Finance 
  GIMS 
  GITC 
  Governance 
  Information Technology 
  Marketing 
  Nominations & Elections 
  Operating 
  Operations & Facilities 
  Sister Societies 
  Strategic Planning 
  Technical Committee/Industry Community Recertification 
  Technology Evolution and Initiatives | ComSoc Sponsored IEEE Councils, Technical Communities, and Initiatives 
  WICE 
  Young Professionals 
  Emerging Technologies Initiatives | Aerial Communications 
  Backhaul/Fronthaul Networking & Communications 
  Integrated Sensing and Communication 
  Internet of Sounds 
  Large Generative AI Models in Telecom (GenAINet) 
  Machine Learning for Communications 
  Next Generation Multiple Access 
  Quantum Communications & Information Technology 
  Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces 
  News | Archive 
  In Memoriams | Jim K. Omura 
  Janusz Filipiak 
  Roberto Saracco 
  Gerard (Jerry) Foschini 
  Ahmed Kamal 
  Subbarayan Pasupathy 
  Lawrence Wong 
  Raymond Pickholtz 
  Desmond P. (Des) Taylor 
  Robert W. (Bob) Lucky 
  Hanan Potash 
  Jane M. Simmons 
  Artur Ziviani 
  Charles Rubinstein 
  Norman Abramson 
  Malathi Veeraraghavan 
  William H. (Bill) Tranter 
  Charles Kao Kuen 
  Larry Greenstein 
  Robert M. (Bob) Walp 
  ComSoc History 
  Volunteer Opportunities 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Advertise and Sponsor | Print Ad Specifications 
  Staff Listing 
  Brand Experience | IEEE ComSoc Brand 
  Guidelines | ComSoc Brand Identity Guidelines 
  ComSoc Zoom Virtual Conference Guidelines & Timeline 
  ComSoc Digital Content Guidelines 
  ComSoc Conference Website Guidelines 
  Resources 
  Training 
  Services 
  Contact 
  Corporate Program | Rewards 
  Invest 
  Participants 
  Membership | Member Benefits | Membership Publications 
  Chapters | Chapter Awards | Membership and Global Activities Contribution Award 
  Chapter Resources 
  Find a Chapter | North America Region 1-7 | Regional Awards 
  Europe, Middle-East, & Africa Region 8 | Regional Awards 
  Latin America Region 9 | Regional Awards 
  Asia/Pacific Region 10 | Regional Awards 
  Regional Chapter Chair Congress (RCCC) 
  Sister Chapter Program 
  Student Chapters 
  Creating a New Chapter/Student Branch 
  Membership Development Support Grant 
  IEEE Fellow | IEEE Fellows 2020-Current 
  IEEE Fellows 2010-2019 
  IEEE Fellows 2000-2009 
  IEEE Fellows 1990-1999 
  IEEE Fellows 1980-1989 
  IEEE Fellows 1974-1979 
  Women in Communications Engineering (WICE) 
  Distinguished Lecturers | Distinguished Lecturers FAQ 
  Past Distinguished Lecturers 
  Student Membership 
  Internet for All | Criteria 
  FAQs 
  Selected Projects 
  Legal 
  Resources for Proposal Writing 
  Student Competition | Prizes 
  Selection Committee 
  Winners 
  FAQs 
  Young Professionals 
  Sister & Related Societies 
  Publications | Magazines | IEEE Communications Magazine | Editorial Board 
  Call for Papers 
  Author Guidelines | Manuscript Submission Policy 
  Manuscript Publishing Guidelines 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Editors' Policy 
  Guide to Proposing Special Issues 
  Editor in Chief Reports 
  The President's Page | November 2024 
  October 2024 
  September 2024 
  August 2024 
  July 2024 
  June 2024 
  May 2024 
  April 2024 
  March 2024 
  February 2024 
  January 2024 
  Global Communications Newsletter (GCN) | GCN Online Version 
  GCN PDF Version 
  IEEE Network | Call for Papers 
  Guest Editor Guidelines 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Editorial Board 
  Paper Submission Guidelines 
  Author Guidelines 
  IEEE Communications Standards Magazine | Call for Papers 
  Guest Editor Guidelines 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Paper Submission Guidelines 
  Author Guidelines 
  Editorial Board 
  IEEE Wireless Communications | Call for Papers 
  Guest Editor Guidelines 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Paper Submission Guidelines 
  Author Guidelines 
  Editorial Board 
  IEEE Internet of Things Magazine | Author Guidelines 
  Call for Papers 
  Editorial Board 
  Paper Submission Guidelines 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Guide to Proposing Special Issues 
  Editor in Chief Reports 
  Best Practices and Guidelines for Magazine Editorial Team 
  Advertising Opportunities 
  Journals | IEEE COMML | Current Issue 
  Editorial Board 
  Reviewer and Editor Appreciation 
  Regular & Double-Anonymous Review Process 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  IEEE COMST | Current Issue 
  Early Access 
  Editorial Board 
  Guidelines for Reviewers 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  Call for Papers 
  Editor Appreciation 
  IEEE JSAC | Current Issue 
  Call for Papers 
  Editorial Board | Responsibilities of Editorial Board 
  Guest Editor Information | Checklist for Guest Editors 
  Introduction 
  Preparing the Call for Papers 
  Submissions by Guest Editors 
  Reviewers Information | Reviewing Papers 
  Selected Ideas in Communications Blog 
  Call for Proposals of JSAC Issues 
  Submit a Manuscript | Paper Submission Guidelines 
  Publishing Overview 
  Rule of Thumb for Pagecount 
  IEEE LNET | Current Issue 
  Call for Papers 
  Editorial Board 
  Information for Authors 
  IEEE OJCOMS | Editorial Board 
  Guest Editor Information 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  Call for Papers 
  Reviewer and Editor Appreciation 
  IEEE TCCN | Current Issue 
  Call for Papers 
  Editorial Board 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  IEEE TCOM | Current Issue 
  Editorial Board 
  Exemplary Reviewers 
  Information for Authors | Conference vs Journal Papers 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  IEEE TGCN | Current Issue 
  Call for Papers 
  Editor Guidelines 
  Editorial Board 
  Information for Authors 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  IEEE TMBMC | Current Issue 
  Call for Papers 
  Editorial Board 
  Information for Authors | IEEE Copyright Info 
  IEEE Templates 
  Manuscript Submissions 
  Letters Submissions 
  Methods and Data Submissions 
  Page Charges 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  IEEE TMLCN | Current Issue 
  Editorial Board 
  Call for Papers 
  Information for Authors 
  IEEE TNSE | Current Issue 
  Editorial Board 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  Call for Papers 
  Information for Authors 
  Best Paper Award 
  TNSE Distinguished Seminar Series 
  IEEE TNSM | Current Issue 
  Call for Papers 
  Editorial Board 
  Journal Information 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  IEEE TWC | Current & Back Issues 
  Editor Guidelines 
  Editorial Board 
  Exemplary Reviewers 
  Reviewers Guidelines 
  Submit a Manuscript | Conference vs. Journal Papers 
  IEEE WCL | Current Issue 
  Editorial Board 
  Submit a Manuscript 
  Reviewer Appreciation 
  Best Editors 
  Heinrich Hertz Award for Best Communications Letter 
  IEEE/ACM TNET | Current Issue 
  Call for Papers 
  Editorial Board 
  Author Guidelines 
  Submit a Paper 
  Best Practices and Guidelines for Journals Editorial Team 
  Submit a Paper | Conference Paper Versus Journal Paper 
  Ethics & Editing 
  Plagiarism & Multiple Submissions 
  White Papers 
  Publications Contents Digest 
  Tech Focus 
  Communications Technology News (CTN) | CTN Podcast 
  Editorial Board 
  CTN Mailing List 
  2023 CTN Archive 
  2022 CTN Archive 
  2021 CTN Archive 
  2020 CTN Archive 
  2019 CTN Archive 
  2018 CTN Archive 
  2017 CTN Archive 
  2016 CTN Archive 
  2015 CTN Archive 
  2014 CTN Archive 
  2013 CTN Archive 
  2012 CTN Archive 
  Global Communications Newsletter 
  IEEE ComSoc Technical Committees Newsletter | November 2019 
  Author Kit 
  Best Readings | Editorial Board 
  Blogs | Selected Ideas in Communications 
  Digital Library 
  Conferences & Events | Future Conferences & Events 
  Portfolio of Conferences & Events | Conferences & Events History 
  Steering Committees 
  Events Sponsorship | TCS FAQs 
  Information for Organizers 
  Information for Authors & Attendees 
  Education & Training | Continuing Education and Career Resources 
  Training Courses | Online Courses 
  Save on Courses | Advanced Topics in Wireless Course Series 
  Intensive Wireless Communications Course Series 
  Customized Training | Half Day Courses 
  One to Multi-Day Courses 
  Training Mailing List 
  On-Demand Training | Free Tutorials Now 
  IEEE ComSoc Webcasts 
  IEEE ComSoc Webinars 
  Advertising Opportunities 
  Media Center 
  Careers 
  IEEE WCET Certification | Recertification 
  University Students 
  IEEE ComSoc School Series | Jaffna, Sri Lanka Event 
  Medellin, Colombia Event 
  Call for Proposals 
  Past Events 
  Pre-University Education | Education Event Contest | Contest Details and Official Rules 
  Resources 
  ComSoc Excellence Camps 
  Educational Activities Newsletter 
  Technical Activities | Notable Achievements | IEEE ComSoc Quiet Heroes 
  Celebrating Women in Communications Engineering 
  Standards 

 Search     

 Conferences & Events  

 Breadcrumb  
 Home 
  Conferences & Events 
  International Conference on Computer Communications and Networks 2023 
   
 ICCCN 2023: International Conference on Computer Communications and Networks 2023  

 Technically Co-Sponsored  
   
 Date  
 24 - 27 July 2023   
   
 Call for Technical Papers Deadline  
 21 February 2023   
   
 Location  
  
 Honolulu  , HI   
  United States   

 ICCCN 2021 - International Conference on Computer Communications and Networks  
   
 Visit the 2023 ICCCN Website!    

 Connect with us:        
   
 Footer Menu  
 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact & Support 
  Accessibility 
  Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  Terms 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 

 © 2024 IEEE Communications Society. All Rights Reserved.   
 Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .   
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.

32. ICCHP_3 conference:
Skip to main content    
 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  
   
 OK      

 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  

 International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs - ICCHP 24, JKU Linz, Austria, July 8 -12, 2024  

 Slide 0 
  Slide 1 
  Slide 2 
  Slide 3 

  Previous    Next     

 User menu  Toggle       Home 
  Key Dates 
  Registration/Submission 

 Search form  
   Search      
 Search    

  Main navigation  Toggle navigation       Welcome 
  Attend | Registration & Fees 
  On-Site 
  Accessibility 
  Social events 
  News 
  Program | Program-24 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  YRC 
  About | Key Dates 
  Topics 
  Committees 
  Organisers 
  Contribute | Call and Submissions 
  Special Thematic Sessions 
  Science, Research and Engineering 
  Innovation Area 
  Young Researchers' Consortium 
  Award 
  Cooperate | Get involved 
  Co-Operating Organizations 
  Sponsors 
  Conference Partners 
  Contact 

 Cooperate 
  Conference Partners 
   Conference Partners  
    
 Get in touch with office@icchp-aaate.org  (keyword " Partner  "), if you are looking for a way to co-operate with ICCHP and gain visibility for your message, products and services at the biggest European Event for (e)Accessibility, Assistive Technology and (e)Inclusion and be assured that we will find the perfect setting together with you!   
 Partner organizations are organizations from Austria or abroad that collaborate with the host in the organization of the conference. Typically, they have a specific interest in this field and are willing to support the organization of one or more aspects of the conference, for example taking care of accessibility services, art work, video documentation, transportation, social program, media coverage, etc.  
 For Partner organizations special waivers and reductions might be put in place - furthermore, there is a possibility to publish info and logo on the website and evtly in the printed program.  

 Follow Us  

  ICCHP - International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs run in co-operation with JKU  ,  MUNI  and Austrian Computer Society  .  
 Data Protection and Cookie Policy  | Imprint  | Terms & Conditions   
    
 Staff Login

33. ICCCN_2 conference:
Please allow javascript to run

34. CHIRA_3 conference:
Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications | springerprofessional.de  Skip to main content    Menü   Fachgebiete Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Automobil + Motoren    Bauwesen + Immobilien    Business IT + Informatik    Elektrotechnik + Elektronik    Energie + Nachhaltigkeit    Finance + Banking    Management + Führung    Marketing + Vertrieb    Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe    Versicherung + Risiko      
   
 DE     
 EN      
   
 Bücher       
   
 Zeitschriften       
   
 Themenseiten Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Organisationspsychologie    Projektmanagement    Marketing    Smart Manufacturing      

 Weitere Formate Chevron down icon     Chevron up icon        Podcasts    Webinare Technik    Webinare Wirtschaft    Kongresse    Veranstaltungskalender    Awards    MyNewsletter    Firmensuche      

 Jetzt Einzelzugang starten       
   
 Zugang für Unternehmen       
   
 Referenzkunden       
   
 Sustainability in Automotive       

 Gesamtlebenszyklus wird immer wichtiger  
 In der Digitalkonferenz am 5. Dezember 2024 geht es um die wachsende Bedeutung der Kreislaufwirtschaft in der Automobilindustrie und wie nachhaltige Werkstoffe sowie wiederverwendbare Komponenten dazu beitragen können.  

 Springer Professional     
   
   Suche   Suchbegriffe eingeben       Suchen     
  
 Erweiterte Suche      

  Anmelden      

 Springer Professional  

 JAVASCRIPT BENÖTIGT    
 Bitte aktivieren Sie Java-Script in Ihrem Browser, damit Sie alle Vorteile und Funktionen dieser Website nutzen können.   

  INTERNET EXPLORER WIRD NICHT MEHR UNTERSTÜZT    
 Der Internet Explorer wird als Browser seitens Microsoft nicht mehr unterstützt. Für Ihr optimales Nutzungserlebnis wählen Sie bitte Microsoft Edge, Safari, Chrome oder Firefox als Browser.   

 nach oben    

 2023 | Buch  

 Kapitel lesen  Erstes Kapitel lesen     
   
 Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications  
 7th International Conference, CHIRA 2023, Rome, Italy, November 16–17, 2023, Proceedings, Part II  
 herausgegeben von: Hugo Plácido da Silva, Pietro Cipresso   
   
 Verlag: Springer Nature Switzerland    
 Buchreihe : Communications in Computer and Information Science    
 Enthalten in: Springer Professional "Wirtschaft+Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Technik"  ,   Springer Professional "Wirtschaft"    
   
 Inhaltsverzeichnis    

      Suchen      
 insite    
 SUCHEN    

 Über dieses Buch  
 These 2 volumes constitute the selected papers of the 7th International Conference, CHIRA 2023, held Rome, Italy, during November 16–17, 2023.  
  The 14 full papers and the 29 short papers presented in these books were carefully reviewed and selected from 69 submissions. The papers selected contribute to the advancement of research and practical applications of human-technology and human-computer interaction. Different aspects of Computer-Human Interaction were covered in four parallel tracks: human factors for interactive systems, research, and applications; interactive devices; interaction design; and adaptive and intelligent systems.  

 MyTopic Alert   
  Loggen Sie sich ein, um Ihre Alerts zu aktualisieren und Neue anzulegen.  

 Anzeige   

 Inhaltsverzeichnis  
 Frontmatter  
  
 Main Event  
 Frontmatter  
  
 I Am in Love with the Shape of You: The Effect of Mass Customization on the Human-Robot Relationship  
  Abstract   
 This study examined the effect of mass customization of a socially assistive robot (SAR) on older-adult users’ attitudes and behaviors toward the robot. Mass customization, actively modifying aspects of a product by users before use, was proven to increase positive reactions towards products. Thirty-one older-adult participants were invited one at a time to explore new applications of personal robots for domestic use utilizing the Temi robot. We divided them into two groups that differed in their ability to manipulate the robot’s visual design using various add-ons before starting the one-on-one interaction with the robot. Results of the thematic analysis and questionnaires suggest that allowing mass customization can increase users’ enjoyment, help in forming human-robot relationships, and lead to proactive Interaction.   
   
 E. Liberman-Pincu, A. Bulgaro, T. Oron-Gilad   

 Eco-Design of a Smart Module to Provide Customizable and Effective Interaction for the Elderly  
  Abstract   
 Social isolation and loneliness are risk factors of morbidity and mortality for the elderly, whose number will increase in the future. Smart devices can offer solutions to stimulate activities and social contact to fight these threats, on condition that the real needs, expectations and capacities of the target users are considered. Among smart devices, smart wooden furniture provides a sustainable way forward that can be easily integrated and accepted into the domestic environment. The article presents a module in a compact 3D-printed box with a smart tactile icon and visual and auditory feedback, built to be integrated in a wooden piece of furniture. A variety of simple scenarios can be programmed and the pattern of the icon can be changed according to the user’s needs and preferences. Various tests to validate the design have been performed and are presented. The electronic components are accessible for repair and the aim is low consumption, according to eco-design recommendations. The module showed to be a promising simple, robust and customizable tool to promote effective interaction with the elderly.   
   
 Simona D’Attanasio, Tanguy Dalléas, Dorian Le Boulc’h, Marie Verel   

 Technology Enhanced Mulsemedia Learning: Insights of an Evaluation  
  Abstract   
 Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) is crucial in crafting effective, cost-efficient, and user-friendly e-learning systems. In the realm of e-learning, HCI focuses on creating interfaces and experiences that optimize learner engagement, interaction, and overall learning outcomes. Educators are actively pursuing initiatives to enhance student motivation, engagement, and academic achievement, particularly in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) disciplines. However, learners often lack active engagement with electronic content when adapting and interpreting learning materials. This paper examines the Quality of Experience (QoE) in Science education content via a Technology Enhanced Multimedia Learning (TEML) Web portal featuring multisensory effects like rosemary scent, vibration, and airflow. Our ongoing research explores learners’ emotional states during Mulsemedia-based learning. In this study, we present initial insights into the developed Mulsemedia test bed using IoT devices and a learning Web portal, based on self-assessed QoE questionnaires administered to 60 participants divided into experimental and control groups. The results indicate that both groups had a positive experience in the Mulsemedia-based learning environment, demonstrating its suitability for STEM subjects.   
   
 M. Mohana, Aleph Campos da Silveira, P. Subashini, Celso Alberto Saibel Santos, Gheorghita Ghinea   

 Accessible Applications to Improve the Tourist Experience  
  Abstract   
 Traveling is known to improve a person’s well-being and happiness, and tourism experiences should be offered to all types of tourists, including those with different disabilities. At the same time, technology is evolving and tourism applications are spreading. In this paper, we focus our attention on accessible mobile applications that can support a tourism experience. We first reviewed and classified a wide range of applications dedicated to users with visual, hearing, motor, cognitive impairments, and also others dedicated to the elderly. We have included this last category of users as they represent an interesting but at the same time specific target for the tourism industry. To understand how these dedicated apps could be better designed to improve accessibility we have then run a study collecting empirical data through questionnaires proposed to 210 users with diverse cognitive abilities, and to 50 elderly users, respectively. We have investigated and analyzed their approach to using tourist apps, also trying to understand the challenges they most commonly encounter when using them, and discussing possible improvements.   
   
 Irene De Paoli, Alessia M. Di Campi, Flaminia L. Luccio   

 An Augmented Reality Environment for Testing Cockpit Display Systems  
  Abstract   
 In the avionics industry, software test automation is a crucial component, as it plays a significant role in accelerating the development process. Since all automation systems are error-prone, the automation systems that affect flight safety should be supervised by humans as they must be reliable. In this study, an augmented reality based software verification system is designed to observe the visual verification of cockpit screens and detect possible automation errors. In the designed system, an observer can instantly see the test steps and automation results using an augmented reality headset as a hologram on the cockpit screen and can report the errors they observe in test automation. The performance of the proposed system was analyzed qualitatively and quantitatively. The experimental results demonstrated that the use of augmented reality in cockpit display verification systems accelerated the testing process, reduced users’ cognitive load, and improved the system’s usability.   
   
 Caner Potur, Gökhan İnce   

 Human-Centred Digital Sovereignty: Explorative Conceptual Model and Ways Forward  
  Abstract   
 In recent years, both authoritarian and democratic states have started using the term digital sovereignty  as a basis for their digital policies. Although the interpretations and resulting policies may differ, the autonomy and sovereignty of individuals and their communities are at stake. Current political discourses mainly focus on governmental and corporate actors and their aspirations to control the digital sphere. Given the importance of this term, scholars in our community have begun to engage with the discourse. However, there is still a lack of dissemination, coming with a lack of conceptual models to explain, explore, and research human-centred digital sovereignty. Inspired by claims for human-centred digital sovereignty, this paper takes up the discourse and creates an explorative conceptual model that aims to guide early research within HCI, support an understanding of the field, and helps to identify relevant cases. Moreover, we discuss key challenges and potential ways forward.   
   
 Dennis Lawo, Thomas Neifer, Margarita Esau, Gunnar Stevens   

 MAS4Games: A Reinforced Learning-Based Multi-agent System to Improve Player Retention in Virtual Reality Video Games  
  Abstract   
 In this paper, we present a Q-learning-based multi-agent system designed for Dynamic Difficulty Adjustment (DDA) in a 3D fighting game. Our primary goal is to enhance the player’s gaming experience through dynamic game difficulty adjustments based on their performance. We leverage the Unity game development platform and the ML-Agents framework to implement the Q-learning algorithm, training intelligent agents to adapt the game’s difficulty. Our findings underscore the efficacy of Q-learning and multi-agent systems in improving DDA for video games. In the conclusion section, we discuss potential implications and future directions for our research.   
   
 Natalia Maury-Castañeda, Sergio Villarruel-Vasquez, Willy Ugarte   

 Human-Centered AI Goals for Speech Therapy Tools  
  Abstract   
 With the advent of improved Artificial Intelligence (AI) algorithms and the availability of large datasets, researchers worldwide are developing numerous AI-based applications to replicate human capabilities. One such application is automating the task of Speech Language Pathologists (SLPs) and building automated speech therapy tools for children with Speech Sound Disorder (SSD). However, this development of AI focused on imitating human capabilities brings concerns such as algorithmic discrimination or biased algorithms, job displacements, and privacy issues. To address these challenges, researchers advocate for Human-Centered AI (HCAI) and have proposed various frameworks for AI-based systems. Although the proposed frameworks were developed for generalized AI application, it is not clear about its relevance in specialized AI application such as speech therapy. This study aims to establish HCAI goals and a goal hierarchy specific to an HCAI-based Speech Therapy Tool (HCAI-STT) designed for children with SSD. Through an Affinity Mapping exercise, we identify seven top-level goals and sub-goals, which include fairness, responsibility and accountability, human-centered empowerment, trustworthiness, privacy, unbiased funding, and security. Our findings highlight the importance of considering not only the technical capabilities of AI systems, but also their ethical and social implications. By prioritizing these goals, we can help ensure that AI-based speech therapy tools are developed and deployed in a responsible and ethical manner that aligns with the needs and values of their users. Our findings have broader implications for the development and deployment of AI systems across domains, and future research can build on our findings by exploring how the goal hierarchy we developed can be operationalized in practice.   
   
 Chinmoy Deka, Abhishek Shrivastava, Saurabh Nautiyal, Praveen Chauhan   

 Designing a WhatsApp Inspired Healthcare Application for Older Adults: A Focus on Ease of Use  
  Abstract   
 The increasing ageing population in any country necessitates high-quality healthcare services. Smartphone-based healthcare applications can play a pivotal role in meeting this requirement. Previous studies indicated that older adults exhibit lower acceptance of smartphone-based healthcare applications. In contrast, older adults popularly use smartphone applications for social interaction. WhatsApp is one such popular application used by older adults for social interaction. This study aims to enhance the ease of use of a dedicated healthcare application among older adults by incorporating WhatsApp's user interface design attributes. The present study comprises three phases. In the first phase, we assessed the usability of WhatsApp and observed its good usability characteristics for older adults. In the second phase, we identified the design attributes of WhatsApp's user interface by employing the affinity mapping method. In the third phase, we applied the identified design attributes to develop a prototype of a healthcare application and tested it with older adults. We found that the developed prototype of the healthcare application is easy to use among older adults. This study recommends developing a WhatsApp-inspired dedicated healthcare application for older adults. The study demonstrates how older adults perceive a new healthcare application as user-friendly, inspired by a familiar user interface. This research will aid designers and developers in creating dedicated healthcare applications tailored to the needs of older adults. Consequently, it will enhance the adoption of digital healthcare applications among the ageing population.   
   
 Saurabh Nautiyal, Abhishek Shrivastava   

 Understanding Adoption of Last Mile Electric Micromobility in Rural Areas: A Structural Equation Modeling Approach  
  Abstract   
 Electric micromobility is a promising part of the transition towards more sustainable and ecologic transportation systems – especially as a complement to public transportation on the last mile. However, so far adoption of such services is still not ideal, especially in rural areas. By means of a quantitative study with 137 users, our work-in-progress paper investigates user acceptance in urban and rural areas. Based on a structural equation model, our research shows that rural municipalities and providers should especially consider aspects that address the performance expectation and the perceived collective environmental impact of potential users, as these have been found to be especially relevant for the intention to use. Our study thus contributes to the theoretical understanding of e-micromobility, which has so far been mostly investigated in urban areas.   
   
 Thomas Neifer, Ariane Stöbitsch, Kalvin Kroth, Caroline Baja, Dennis Lawo, Lukas Böhm, Paul Bossauer, Alexander Boden   

 Participative Development of a Learning Dashboard for Online Students Using Traditional Design Concepts  
  Abstract   
 In order to improve online learning outcomes, a Learning Dashboard (LD) for online students is being developed as a plugin for the learning management system Moodle to support self-regulation. The project itself focuses on the factors that lead to success and failure in online learning. Using a user-centered design approach, the LD will provide students with feedback and functional elements through different cards. 24 online students completed a three-part term paper in which they examined the elements of two wireframes of the LD in relation to Wertheimer's Gestalt Laws and in terms of factual and interaction problems. We also received 11 card designs from them as a voluntary bonus assignment. Assignments 1 & 2 had to be completed successfully in order to be admitted to the exam. The study was designed to encourage student participation and improve accessibility by taking into account their expertise. The results showed that clearer overviews, clarification of how content elements fit together, more compact solutions, and intuitive controls improved clarity and usability.   
   
 Gilbert Drzyzga, Thorleif Harder, Monique Janneck   

 Easy Induction: A Serious Game Using Participatory Design  
  Abstract   
 College freshmen often face difficulties adjusting to the new academic and social environment of university life. It is critical to help them adapt to academic and personal life, while also improving their sense of belonging and engagement with the university. In this paper, we focus on the context of an international joint venture university, Xi’an Jiaotong-Liverpool University (XJTLU), and present a participatory design approach to identify potential solutions collaboratively. We conducted three participatory design workshops with freshmen in undergraduate and postgraduate studies, where we discovered specific challenges, developed serious game content and design alternatives, and delivered a board game that supports academic and social integration at XJTLU. To evaluate the effectiveness of the board game, we collected both quantitative and qualitative data. The quantitative analysis revealed that the board game is effective in improving freshmen’s knowledge acquisition of academic affairs, increasing their familiarity with the environment and resources, and enhancing their ability to access information and resources. The board game also received high scores in system usability and user experience. The qualitative analysis indicated that the board game was engaging, interesting, and well-received by students. They found the board game helpful in their academic and social integration and expressed a desire to play it again in the future. Our participatory design approach and the resulting board game provide a promising avenue for universities to support freshmen’s transition to university life.   
   
 Yuwen Li, Yue Li, Jiachen Liang, Hai-Ning Liang   

 Creating StoryLines: Participatory Design with Power Grid Operators  
  Abstract   
 Designing interactive technology to support safety-critical systems poses multiple challenges with respect to security, access to operators and the proprietary nature of the data. We conducted a two-year participatory design project with French power grid operators to both understand their specific needs and to collaborate on the design of a novel collaborative tool called StoryLines  . Our primary objective was to capture detailed, in-context data about operators’ work practices as part of a larger project designed to provide bi-directional assistance between an intelligent agent and human operator. We targeted handovers between shifts to take advantage of the operators’ existing practice of articulating the current status of the grid and expected future events. We use information that would otherwise be lost to gather valuable information about the operator’s decision rationale and decision-making patterns. This paper describes how we combined a bottom-up participatory design approach with a top-down generative theory approach to design StoryLines  , an interactive timeline that helps operators collect information from diverse tools, record reminders and share relevant information with the next shift’s operator. We conclude with a discussion of the challenges of working with users in safety-critical environments and directions for future research.   
   
 Wissal Sahel, Wendy E. Mackay, Antoine Marot   

 Visual Representations for Data Analytics: User Study  
  Abstract   
 One of the characteristics of big data is its internal complexity and also variety manifested in many types of datasets that are to be managed, searched, or analyzed. In their natural forms, some of the data entities are unstructured, such as texts or multimedia objects, while some are structured but too complex. In this paper, we have investigated how visualizations of various complex datasets perform in the role of universal data representations for both human users and deep learning models. In a user study, we have evaluated several visualizations of complex relational data, where some proved their superior performance with respect to the precision and speed of classification by human users. Moreover, the same visualizations also led to effective classification performance when used with deep learning models.   
   
 Ladislav Peska, Ivana Sixtova, David Hoksza, David Bernhauer, Tomas Skopal   

 A Web Platform to Investigate the Relationship Between Sounds, Colors and Emotions  
  Abstract   
 This paper presents a novel web platform designed to investigate the relationship between sounds, colors, and emotions, with the overarching goal of enhancing the sensory experience of impaired individuals in visual art museums. Taking advantage of the principles of sensory substitution, the project aims to bridge the gap between auditory and visual perception, allowing individuals with visual or cognitive impairments to engage with visual art through alternative sensory modalities. The platform’s architecture is centered around the delivery of short sound stimuli to participants, who then provide feedback on the associations they perceive between these auditory cues and both colors and emotional dimensions. The collected data will be analyzed to discern patterns and correlations, shedding light on how auditory stimuli can be used to evoke visual and emotional responses. This paper outlines the technical and methodological aspects of the web platform, including its design, development, and implementation. It discusses the selection of sound stimuli and the integration of user-friendly interfaces to ensure a seamless experience for participants. Preliminary results from volunteer tests are briefly presented, highlighting intriguing findings regarding the associations between sounds, colors, and emotions.   
   
 Silvia Dini, Luca A. Ludovico, Alessandro Rizzi, Beatrice Sarti, María Joaquina Valero Gisbert   

 Continuous Time Elicitation Through Virtual Reality to Model Affect Dynamics  
  Abstract   
 Affective states are constantly evolving, ranging from serenity to excitement. Understanding the dynamic transitions between emotional states, known as affect dynamics  , is crucial for understanding intraindividual emotional heterogeneity. Various statistical methods have been used to capture and quantify these dynamics, based on longitudinal time series models. However, both the statistical models and experimental design, e.g. Experience Sampling Method, lack a controlled manipulation of the transitions between affective states over time. This study aims to fill this knowledge gap using a meticulous experimental scenario design incorporating controlled affective transitions. For this reason, the study employs Virtual Reality technology to effectively elicit and regulate affective transitions, mimicking real-life situations while offering experimental control. Finally, we proposed an application of the Markovian chain model to analyze affective transition. The study aims to establish a connection between theoretical insights and empirical investigation, providing new avenues for understanding emotional fluctuations within a controlled experimental framework.   
   
 Francesca Borghesi, Vittorio Murtas, Valentina Mancuso, Alice Chirico   

 Who Pays Attention to the User Experience Content Embedded in Mobile APP Reviews  
  Abstract   
 In recent years, there has been growing interest in understanding what makes a review valuable, as such reviews are vital in guiding consumer and business decision-making. The purpose of this study was to determine the role that the user experience of mobile applications plays in fostering review helpfulness as well as stimulating managerial responses to reviews of these applications. This study proposes a measure of UX richness for online reviews and finds that both positive and negative UX-rich reviews contribute to enhancing the helpfulness of reviews as well as the likelihood that they will receive a response from the application provider. The study further demonstrates the moderating role of UX richness in the prominent effects of review length and review rating on both the helpfulness and managerial response to mobile app reviews. The study culminates with a discussion of the implications of these findings.   
   
 Silas Formunyuy Verkijika   

 Special Session on E3: Enhancing the Esports Experience  
 Gamers’ Eden: The Functioning and Role of Gaming Houses Inside the Esports Ecosystem  
  Abstract   
 The current paper aims to analyse the complex array of practices entailed by teams and esports professionals by looking at one of the most peculiar phenomena of the esports field: gaming houses, i.e., “co-operative living arrangement[s] where several players of video games, usually professional esports players, live in the same residence” [ 1  ]. Representing one of the first attempts to assess the role of gaming houses as emerging esports spaces based on new forms of playbour and production of and by users, the paper comprises an innovative adaptation of PRISMA protocol for literature and scoping reviews to shed light on how the technological, material, and social elements are enacted through gaming houses’ activities, which mirror the ones entailed by digital platforms. In fact, through the three moves of encoding, aggregating and computing users’ interactions [ 2  ], gaming houses (re)produce virtual and analogical goods, translating consumer practices and profoundly influencing the broader esports ecosystem. Finally, by framing themselves as ideal hives for pro players, i.e., a prototypical breeding ground for esports professionals, these structures push for new paradigms of work-life balance and users’ production, thus leading to a further reflection on the nature of play and working practices in our contemporary network society [ 3  ].   
   
 alessandro franzó, Attila Bruni   

 The Communication Effectiveness of AI Win Prediction Applied in Esports Live Streaming: A Pilot Study  
  Abstract   
 AI win prediction is widely used in the live streaming of Esports games, with the assumption that it is capable of significantly enhancing the viewing experience and providing valuable information to spectators. However, there is very little empirical research to demonstrate the actual attitudes and feelings of spectators towards AI win prediction. This paper describes an ongoing study from the perspective of communication effectiveness that aims to bridge this gap and explore some possible influencing factors, which could provide a scientific basis for better presenting AI prediction information in future Esports live streaming, thus further improving the viewing experience and engagement of spectators. This study has not yet officially begun on a large scale, so this paper reports primary results from in-depth interviews with 12 hardcore fans of League of Legends, as a pilot study for the formal survey experiment. The perceived usefulness, the balance between credibility, accuracy, and dramatic effects, and the anthropomorphic image are mainly discussed.   
   
 Minglei Wang   

 Using Audience Avatars to Increase Sense of Presence in Live-Streams  
  Abstract   
 Social interactions and the sense of presence are important for the spectatorship experience in live-streams. In large audiences, communication gets harder and viewers participate less. This paper explores the possibility of representing an audience using animated avatars to increase the sense of presence and potentially move some traffic from the chat window to the avatars. We discuss the motivations for and the challenges in creating an audience avatar interface.   
   
 Tomáš Pagáč, Simone Kriglstein   

 Initial Developments of Teamwork and Mental Health Focused Minigames for the Purpose of Esports Training  
  Abstract   
 Esports professionals have to cope with a lot of stress and really need to be in sync with their teammates in order to perform at their highest capability. As part of an ongoing project, we are working toward a battery of minigames aimed at helping esports professionals train their teamwork skills and improve their mental health. Proposed ideas include modules focused on meditation, teaching coping mechanisms for difficult social scenarios via visual novel, and synchronized breathing exercises. Each of these has positive points and negative points. With these ideas, we hope to further develop several engaging minigames which can later be user tested.   
   
 Danielle K. Langlois, Simone Kriglstein   

 Power to the Spectator: Towards an Enhanced Video Game Stream Discovery Experience  
  Abstract   
 Game streaming platforms like Twitch could benefit from more user control and transparency in recommendations. In this paper, we highlight the importance of allowing users to customise their streaming experience through three design goals: Social Interaction, Captivation, and Knowledge Acquisition, the latter addressing both skill improvement and serendipity. We discuss the preliminary results of our on-going iterative and user-centred design process aimed at improving the exploration experience for game spectators. More specifically we report on the results of co-design research to explore the parameters necessary for game spectators’ enhanced control over their game stream discovery experience.   
   
 Laura Herrewijn, Sven Charleer   

 Backmatter  

 Metadaten   

 Titel  Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications    
 herausgegeben von  Hugo Plácido da Silva  
  Pietro Cipresso  
     
 Copyright-Jahr  2023    
 Verlag  Springer Nature Switzerland     
   
 Electronic ISBN  978-3-031-49368-3    
 Print ISBN  978-3-031-49367-6    
 DOI  https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-49368-3     

 » zur Fachgebietsseite Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 

 Weitere Formate | Podcasts 
  Webinare Technik 
  Webinare Wirtschaft 
  Kongresse 
  Veranstaltungskalender 
  Awards 
  MyNewsletter 
  Firmensuche 
  Fachgebiete | Automobil + Motoren 
  Bauwesen + Immobilien 
  Business IT + Informatik 
  Elektrotechnik + Elektronik 
  Energie + Nachhaltigkeit 
  Finance + Banking 
  Management + Führung 
  Marketing + Vertrieb 
  Maschinenbau + Werkstoffe 
  Versicherung + Risiko 
  Bücher 
  Zeitschriften 
  Themenseiten | Organisationspsychologie 
  Projektmanagement 
  Marketing 
  Smart Manufacturing 
  Jetzt Einzelzugang starten 
  Zugang für Unternehmen 
  Referenzkunden 
  Sustainability in Automotive 
   MyNewsletter 
  Firmensuche 

  Über uns:     
  
 In eigener Sache    Das Team    Redaktionelles Leitbild    Hilfe    Referenzen      
 Unsere Produkte:     
  
 Einzelzugang    Zugang für Unternehmen    PatentFit    MyAlerts    Professional Book Archive    MyNewsletter    Carl Hanser Verlag - Bücher    KI-gestützte Suche      
 Rechtliche Informationen:     
  
 Impressum    AGB    Datenschutzerklärung    Cookies    Cookies verwalten    Verträge hier kündigen    Zahlungsarten      
 Weiterführende Links:     
  
 RSS-Feeds    Social Media    Mediadaten    Corporate Solutions    Whitepaper    Gabler Wirtschaftslexikon    Gabler Banklexikon    Versicherungsmagazin      
   
 Springer Nature Logo    © Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden GmbH  
   
 Version: 0.3944.0

35. ICOCI_0 conference:
ABOUT  CALL FOR PAPER  PUBLICATION  REGISTRATION  SUBMISSION    
   
 ABOUT  CALL FOR PAPER  PUBLICATION  REGISTRATION  SUBMISSION    

  9 th   International Conference    
  on Computing and Informatics (ICOCI 2023)   
  "Nurturing an inclusive digital society for a sustainable nation"    
  13-14 September 2023 | Sama-sama Hotel KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, MALAYSIA    

  9  th   International Conference    
  on Computing and Informatics (ICOCI 2023)   
  Nurturing an Inclusive Digital Society for a Sustainable Nation     
  13 & 14 September 2023 | Sama-sama Hotel KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, MALAYSIA    
   
  9 th   International Conference    
  on Computing and Informatics (ICOCI 2023)   
  "Nurturing an inclusive digital society for a sustainable nation"    
  13-14 September 2023 | Sama-Sama Hotel KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, MALAYSIA    
 Organized by:    
  
 PUBLICATIONS OPPORTUNITY  
    
 All accepted papers will be published in Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) by Springer Nature  

 Highlights  
  Indexing   
   Call for paper  ( poster  )  
   Fees & Registration   
   How to submit?   
    
 Organized by  
    
 Supporting Partners  
             
 Call For Collaborator/ Partners   
   
 Updates   
 - 5th December 2023 - Conference Publications [Publications]   
  - 9th September 2023 - Programme Book [download]   
  - 7th August 2023 - Presentation Schedule [download]   
  - 6th August 2023 - Call For Participants/Listerners [Register here]  . Listerners' Fee is RM300  
  - 1st August 2023 - Online Payment Guideline [download]   
  - 15th May 2023 - Submission date is extended to 31st May 2023  
  - 29th April 2023 - Submission date is extended to 15th May 2023  
  - 6th April 2023 - Submission date is extended to 30th April 2023  
  - 5th April 2023 - Keynote address by Prof. Atreyi Kankanhalli  on 14th September 2023 is confirmed  
  - 4th April 2023 - The venue is confirmed at Sama-sama Hotel KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia   
  - 2nd April 2023 - Keynote address by Prof. Alan Dix  on 13th September 2023 is confirmed  
  - 13th March 2023 - Conference Proceeding will be published in Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) by Springer Nature   
  - 15th Jan 2023 - Submission Guideline [ click here  ] , Paper Template [ click here  ]  
  - 13th Oct 2022 - Launching of the ICOCI 2023's website  
  - 14th Oct 2022 - Call for collaborators [ brochure  ]  
  - 14th Oct 2022 - Call for International Technical Committee [ brochure  | registration form  ]  

 About  ICOCI 2023  
 Life today has changed drastically as a result of Covid-19. Many aspects of life have shifted from the traditional ways to automation using electronic and communication devices. Digitalization is the main keyword emphasized everywhere to keep society resilient and adaptive to disasters. As a result, a digital society emerges, in which people use information and communication technology at home, work, school, and socialize to keep going with the businesses and life.  
 Back in 2009, United Nations promoted “inclusive society”, which was defined by the Expert Group Meeting on Promoting Social Integration, Helsinki (July 2008) as:  
 “ … a society that over-rides differences of race, gender, class, generation, and geography, and ensures inclusion, equality of opportunity as well as capability of all members of the society to determine an agreed set of social institutions that govern social interaction.”   
 As the digital society emerges, the term is extended to the society’s current values and behaviours. Therefore, the United Nations of Economic and Social Commission for Asia and The Pacific ( ESCAP  ) promotes an “inclusive digital society” focusing on making the society e-resilient in recovering from the disaster.  
 From the aspect of computing and informatics, a question arises: What are the features of technology that would enable an inclusive digital society? Specifically, how the major computing fields of study like artificial intelligence, IoT, and cybersecurity would assist in achieving an “inclusive digital society”? Therefore, ICOCI 2023 would like to invite you to discuss this topic and share your thoughts and works. Together, we could nurture an inclusive digital society for the sustainability of our nation and the universe.  
 School of Computing (SOC)  , Universiti Utara Malaysia (UUM) organises the 9th International Conference on Computing and Informatics 2023 (ICOCI 2023) from 13 to 14 September 2023. ICOCI has continuously been the platform for researchers and practitioners to share the finding of their studies since 2006. The first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth events were held in 2006, 2009, 2011, 2013, 2015, 2017, 2019 and 2021.  
 Programme Schedule  
 Download Programme Schedule   
 Keynote Address  
    
  Prof. Dr. Alan Dix  
  Director, Computational Foundry, Swansea University, Wales  
     
  Prof. Atreyi Kankanhalli  
  Provost's Chair Professor, School of Computing, National University of Singapore   
   
 History of ICOCI  
 ICOCI has been a successful platform for knowledge sharing for more than 15 years. Thank you for your participation and support.  
  
 2006 | 1 st  ICOCI  
  6-8 June 2006, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 2009 | 2 nd  ICOCI   
   Imaginative, Creative, and Innovative Ideas in Digital World   
  24-25 June 2009, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 2011 | 3 rd  ICOCI   
   Computing for Entrepreneurship and Innovation   
  8-9 Jun 2011, Bandung, Indonesia 
 2013 | 4 th  ICOCI  
   Computing towards Developing Smart Community   
  28-30 August 2013, Sarawak, Malaysia 
 2015 | 5 th  ICOCI  
   Computer Science For Improving The Quality of Life   
  11-13 August 2015, Istanbul, Turkey 
 2017 | 6 th  ICOCI  
   Embracing Eco-friendly Computing   
  25-27 April 2017, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 2019 | 7 th  ICOCI  
   Tailoring Computer Technologies for Digital Humanities   
  27-29 March 2019, Bangkok, Thailand 
 2021 | 8 th  ICOCI  
   Digital Transformation and Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Cities and Communities   
  9-10 March 2021, Online Via CISCO Webex 
 2023 | 9 th  ICOCI  
   Nurturing an Inclusive Digital Society for a Sustainable Nation   
  13-14 September 2023, Sama-sama Hotel, KLIA, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 

 ICOCI 2023 Committee  
 PATRON   
  Prof. Dr. Mohd. Foad Sakdan  
  Vice Cancellor   
   
  ADVISOR   
  Prof. Dr. Osman Ghazali  
  (AVC CAS/Dean SOC)   
   
  CONFERENCE CHAIR   
  Assoc. Prof. Ts. Dr. Norliza Katuk  
   
  VICE-CHAIR   
  Nur Azzah Abu Bakar  
   
  TREASURER   
  Aniza Mohamed Din  
   
  SECRETARY   
  Dr. Alawiyah Ab. Wahab  
   
  FINANCE & SPONSORSHIP   
  Assoc. Prof. Dr. Mazni Omar  
  Assoc. Prof. Ts. Dr. Norliza Katuk  
   
  SECRETARIAT   
  Dr. Alawiyah Ab. Wahab  
  Nur Azzah Abu Bakar  
   
  LOGISTIC & ACCOMODATION   
  Suwannit Chareen Chit Sop Chit  
   
  PAPER WORK & PROCEEDINGS   
  Assoc. Prof. Dr. Nur Haryani Zakaria  
  Assoc. Prof. Dr. Husniza Husni  
  Dr. Fathey Mohammed Abdualrakeb Mohammed  
  Dr. Nur Suhaili Mansor  
  Siti Farizah Abu Bakar  
   
  PROMOTION & PUBLICITY   
  Assoc. Prof. Dr. Syamsul Bahrin Zaibon  
  Dr. Azizi Abas  
   
  INTERNATIONAL TECHNICAL COMMITTEE   
  List of Members   

 Call for Paper  
 Nurturing an Inclusive Digital Society for a Sustainable Nation   
 ICOCI 2023 invites researchers and practitioners to submit manuscripts in the field of computing that can foster an inclusive digital society toward a sustainable nation. The scope of the topic is as follows (but not limited to)  
 Topics of interest  
 Intelligent Systems 
  Smart Technology 
  Cybersecurity 
  Green Computing 
  Data Analytics 
  Human-Computer Interaction 
  Sustainable Computing 
  Publication Opportunity  
 ALL ACCEPTED | papers will be published in Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) by Springer Nature 
  SELECTED GOOD PAPERS | will be invited to submit an extended version to be published in peer-reviewed journals 
  Call for International Technical Committee Members  
 Join us now   
     
 List of International Technical Committee Members    
   
 Important Dates  
  
 Full Paper  
  Submission | : | 31 st  May 2023 
 Notification of  
  Acceptance | : | Starting 15 th  July 2023 
 Camera Ready | : | 30 th  July 2023 
 Registration &  
  Payment Deadline | : | 15 th  August 2023 
 Conference Date | : | 13- 14 th  September 2023 

 Submission  
  Click for Guideline   
   For enquiry (icoci@uum.edu.my)   

 Submission  
 Format for paper submission  
 Authors must prepare the manuscript using Microsoft Word. The manuscript should be written between 4,000 to 6,000 words or a minimum of 12 pages. However, the manuscript shall not exceed 14 pages at the maximum. It should strictly follow the ICOCI2023 Template  . Please upload and submit TWO(2) manuscript files (1) A manuscript with complete authors’ names and their affiliations and the acknowledgement, and (2) A manuscript WITHOUT authors’ names, affiliations, and acknowledgement for the double-blind review process. All submissions are subjected to a double blind review process. The double blind review is a normal standard practice applies in many conferences. The main reason is to conceal the identity of the authors to the reviewers in order to avoid any bias judgement during the reviewing process. Read the ICOCI Authors Guideline  and please comply to the Springer's Guideline  .  
 The followings are several guidelines for preparing a double blind paper:  
 In the place of the authors' names on the front page, please | do not put authors details | . 
  Avoid from referring to your university, campus or faculty by name, use generalities. 
  Please | avoid statement | like 'In the previous work, we...' 
  Please | omit the acknowledgment | section. This section can be added in the final version of your paper. 
   
 Submissions containing any of these information will be returned for modification. Once you have received the acceptance notification from the reviewer committee, you can always add the above information in your paper.  
 How to submit  
 Authors can submit their papers through our online submission system starting from 1 January 2023    
   
  == Submission System ==   

 Pre-review checklist  
 In general, all manuscript submitted will be vetted by ICOCI Technical Committee for quality. Please ensure that your manuscript fulfils the following requirements:  
  1. Title – relate with the conference theme.  
  2. Structures – Abstract, Keywords, Introduction, Related Work, Methodology, Results, Discussion, Conclusion.  
  3. Pages – between 12 to 14  
  4. Figures, diagrams, charts, tables – visible, readable, clear, and comply to template style.  
  5. Language & mechanics.  
  6. References – please check the formatting in the Springer template given.  
  7. Acknowledgement – please include funding agencies (if any).  
  8. Submit TWO (2) versions of files; (1) With author names and affiliations, (2) Without author names and affiliations.  

 Paper Template  
 Use these template to prepare your article.  
   
  DOCX    
   
 Authors' Guideline  
 Follow the guideline to prepare and submit your article.  
   
  Instructions For Authors    

 Registration  
 Fees  
  
 Local | International 
 Presenter | RM 1800 | RM 1800 
 Additional Paper | RM 1500 | RM 1500 
 Listener | RM 300 | RM 300 
 Extra Pages (per page) | RM 100 | RM 100 
  
 Authors must make the payment by 15 th  August 2023  or your article will not be published in the proceedings.  
  
 Standard rate | registration fees (presenters) include conference admission, | e-proceedings | and | e-program book | . 
  Each presenter (author) is allowed to register for only | ONE additional | paper and will receive only one set of conference materials. 
  Accommodation fee is not included | . You have to arrange your own accommodation. 
  There will be no refund for withdrawal made after 15 th  August 2023. A management fee of 6% from the total fee will be charged for refund made before or by 15 th  August 2023. 
   
 How to pay  
 Important:  Please forward a scanned copy of the bank slip/telegraphic transfer receipt to ICOCI 2023 Secretariat (icoci@uum.edu.my and cc to anizamd@uum.edu.my) for us to verify the transaction. Please kindly write down the participant's name, date and time of the transfer and country & city of origin.  
 Upon receiving the registration form and full payment, the Secretariat will send a letter of confirmation.  
 Local presenters/participants  
 Payment must be made in Malaysian Ringgit (MYR).  
 Banker's cheques   
  All cheques must be made out to "Universiti Utara Malaysia".  
 Bank Transfer   
  Transfer should be made to the following account:  
 Account No: 0209 301000 0010 
  Bank Name: Bank Islam Malaysia Berhad (UUM Branch) 
  Name (Account Holder): Universiti Utara Malaysia 
  Online Payment   
 Follow the instruction given. Credit cards (only Mastercard or Visa) are accepted. The amount of payment is in Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) [download the guideline]  . Go to https://epay.uum.edu.my/home.php 
  Select the "OTHER PAYMENTS- section. 
  Select the "CONFERENCE/TRAINING" on the left menu. 
  Select the option "PARTICIPANT FEES-CONFERENCE" on the Payment Type. 
  Select the option "THE 9th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTING AND INFORMATICS 2023" on the Payment For. 
  Write "PARTICIPANT FEE: ICOCI 2023 (PAPER ID: XX)" on the Payment Description. 
  Write "RM 1,800" on the Payment Amount for presenters and "RM 300" for participants. 
  OR scan the QR-code  Local Order   
  If you are using a local order, please provide us:  
 Name of the officer in-charge 
  Full address of the officer in-charge 
  A Guarantee Letter (GL) from the department 
    
 International presenters/participants  
 Online Payment   
 Follow the instruction given. Credit cards (only Mastercard or Visa) are accepted. The amount of payment is in Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) [download the guideline]  . Go to https://epay.uum.edu.my/home.php 
  Select the "OTHER PAYMENTS- section. 
  Select the "CONFERENCE/TRAINING" on the left menu. 
  Select the option "PARTICIPANT FEES-CONFERENCE" on the Payment Type. 
  Select the option "THE 9th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTING AND INFORMATICS 2023" on the Payment For. 
  Write "PARTICIPANT FEE: ICOCI 2023 (PAPER ID: XX)" on the Payment Description. 
  Write "RM 1,800" on the Payment Amount for presenters and "RM 300" for participants. 
  OR scan the QR-code    
   
 Form  
  Registration Form   
  Payment Method  
  Local   
   International  Submit Evidence  
  icoci@uum.edu.my    
   
 Publication  
 UPDATES ON THE PUBLICATIONS   
  1.Springer CCIS Conference Proceedings [Vol 1]  [Vol 2]   
  2.Taylor & Francis Book Chapter   
   
  ============================  
   
  ALL ACCEPTED  papers will be published in Communications in Computer and Information Science  published by Springer Nature; a series indexed in SCOPUS.  
    
  SELECTED GOOD PAPERS  will be invited to submit an extended version of the papers for publication in the Journal of Information and Communication Technology   
   
 Indexing  
 ICOCI published papers in conference proceedings and journals  
  2006 (Scopus-indexed Proceeding)  
   2009, 2013, 2015, 2017 (WoS-indexed proceedings)  
   2019, 2021 (Scopus-indexed journals)  
   2023  

 Publications of Previous Conferences  

  ICOCI 2021  

  ICOCI 2019  

  ICOCI 2017  

  ICOCI 2015  

  ICOCI 2013  

  ICOCI 2011  

  ICOCI 2009  

  ICOCI 2006  

  ICOCI 2023   
  About   
   The Team   
   Authors' Login   
   
 Call for...   
  Paper Submission  ( Poster  )  
   Reviewer Application   
   Authors' Registration   

 Organized by:   

 Supporting Partners:   

 Visitors:   

 Contact   
 ICOCI Secretariat,  
  School of Computing,  
  Universiti Utara Malaysia,  
  06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia.  
   
   +604 928 5167/5166/5054  
   icoci@uum.edu.my

36. ER_0 conference:
Toggle Navigation     
   
 Twitter 
  LinkedIn 
  Important Dates 
  Program | Overview 
  Keynotes 
  ER Papers 
  ER Forum 
  Industrial Panel 
  Project Exhibitions 
  Journal First 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  SCME 2023 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Posters 
  Proceedings | ER 2023 
  Workshops 
  CEUR Proceedings 
  Conference | Calls | Papers 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Posters & Demos 
  SCME 2023 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  ER Forum 
  Project Exhibitions 
  Journal-First 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Registration and Venue 

 ER 2023  
 6-9 November 2023 - Lisbon, Portugal  The 42nd International Conference on Conceptual Modeling    

 The  International Conference on Conceptual Modeling   is the main international forum for discussing the state of the art, emerging issues, and future challenges in research and practice on conceptual modeling  . Topics of interest span the entire spectrum of conceptual modeling, including research and practice in areas such as theories of concepts and ontologies, techniques for transforming conceptual models into effective implementations, and methods and tools for developing and communicating conceptual models.  
 ER 2023  will be held in Lisbon, Portugal   , at the Congress Center of the Instituto Superior Técnico   located in Alameda   , in the heart of Lisbon.  
   
  Venue and Directions (pdf)  Program Booklet (pdf)  Program Overview   
  ER 2023 proceedings  Workshops proceedings  CEUR Proceedings    
    
 Organization   

 Sponsors   

 © 2023 INESC-ID  .   
  Powered by WordPress  | Theme Hestia by ThemeIsle    

 Have any questions?  
  Contact us at er2023conference (AT) gmail.com   
 Follow us on LinkedIn (ER 2023)  and Twitter (@ERconf)   

  Calls 
  Contacts 
  Home 
  Important Dates 
  Program 
  Test 3n5h6j7k9j4n6k 
  Test 8dWwJTKXhZUGy9xFrqyq 
  Hestia | Developed by ThemeIsle

37. ICOCI_1 conference:
Main 
  ABOUT US | Mission & Vision 
  Awards & Recognitions 
  ANNUAL REPORT 
  DIRECTORY | MANAGEMENT 
  ACADEMIC 
  ADMIN STAFF 
  CONTACT US 
  NEWS & EVENTS | NEWS @ SOC 
  Events 
  Conferences 
  Webinars 
  SDGs 
  PROGRAMMES | Undergraduate | Bachelor of Science with Honours (Information Technology) [BSc.(IT)] 
  Bachelor of Computer Science with Honours [B.Comp.Sc. (Hons.)] 
  Postgraduate | Master of Science (Information and Communication Technology) 
  Master of Science (Information Technology) 
  Master of Science (Intelligent System) 
  Master of Science in Cybersecurity (MSc. Cybersecurity) 
  Master of Science (Geoinformatics for Disaster Risk Reduction) 
  Doctorate | Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D) 
  MOBILITY | INBOUND | SHORT TERM PROGRAMME 
  CREDITED MOBILITY PROGRAMME 
  OUTBOUND 
  UUM KUALA LUMPUR (UUMKL) 
  SCHOLARSHIPS 
  RESEARCH | OUR EXPERTS | DIRECTORY OF EXPERTISE 
  School Center of Excellence | Institute for Advanced and Smart Digital Opportunities (IASDO) 
  Research Units | Data Science Research Lab 
  Human Centered Computing Lab 
  InterNetWorks Research Lab 
  MCMC-UUM MakerSpace Lab 
  Data Management & Software Solution Research Lab 
  Training and Consultancy | Computing Enrichment and Development Division (CoPED) 
  JOURNAL 
  COLLABORATIONS 
  GRANT | INTERNATIONAL | ERASMUS+ GeoDRR 
  ERASMUS+ SDGs Journalism Reporting 

 EVENTS  
 School of Computing  

  CALL FOR PAPERS - 9th International Conference on Computing & Informatics 2023  

 Join ICOCI 2023 scheduled on 13-14 September 2023 in Kuala Lumpur.    
 - Prof. Alan Dix and Prof. Atreyi Kankanhalli   will deliver a keynote address.  
  - Accepted papers will be published in Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) by Springer Nature.  
 Submit your papers before 15 April 2023.    
 Visit ICOCI’s website at http://soc.uum.edu.my/icoci/2023/   
  Download the brochure at https://bit.ly/icoci2023-CFP   
  Email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.   

 SCHOOL OF COMPUTING  
  UUM College of Arts and Sciences  
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
 06010 UUM Sintok  
  Kedah Darul Aman, Malaysia   

  +604-928 5051 / 55 / 56   +604-928 5067   soc@uum.edu.my    

  UUM Virtual Tour    

  Facebook    

  TikTok    

  Instagram    

  Linkedin    

 Disclaimer  | Privacy & Security Policy  | Copyright   

   Please publish modules in offcanvas  position.

38. ICCE_0 conference:
Home 
  News 
  Call for papers | Main Conference | C1: AIED/ITS 
  C2: CSCL 
  C3: ALT 
  C4: CUMTEL 
  C5: EGG 
  C6: TELL 
  C7: PTP 
  Workshop 
  Interactive Event 
  Work-in-Progress Posters 
  Doctoral Student Consortium 
  Early Career Workshop 
  Extended Summary 
  SATELUC 
  APSCE Merit Scholarship 
  Call for Workshops / Interactive Events Proposals 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Panels 
  ICCE 2023 Paper Template 
  Paper Submission 
  Important Dates 
  Program | Conference Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Theme-based Invited Speakers 
  Youtube Live Information 
  Paper Awards Nominations 
  APSCE Merit Scholarship 
  Registration 
  Location | Location 
  Accommodation 
  Tourist Information 
  Sightseeing Tours 
  Local Information 
  Maps 
  Social Events 
  Contact Us 
  ICCE2022 
  Organisation 
  Sponsors 

 The 31st  
  International  
  Conference on  
  Computers in  
  Education  
  December 4-8, 2023  
  Matsue, Shimane, JAPAN  

 Designing new technologies for education  
  in a big social change world    
 Welcome Message  
 The 31st International Conference on Computers in Education (ICCE 2023) is organized by the Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education (APSCE). ICCE 2023 will be held on December 4-8, 2023, from Monday to Friday at Matsue, Shimane prefecture, Japan. Pre-conference events (e.g., Doctoral Student Consortium, workshops, and tutorials) will be conducted on the first two days and the main conference will begin on December 6th, 2023.  
 Accepted papers in the main conference, workshops, Early Career Workshop, Doctoral Student Consortium and Work-in-Progress Posters will be published in proceedings, which will be submitted to Elsevier for inclusion in Scopus. Proceedings of the main conference will also be submitted to Thomson Reuters for inclusion in the Conference Proceedings Citation Index.  
 ICCE2023 will be held as an "in-person" event only.  
 (1) The program book has been updated from the printed book, so please refer here  for the latest version.  
 (2) Keynote, invited talks, opening, and closing sessions will be broadcasted here  in youtube.  
  
 Latest News  
 2023/11/26  
 The updated program book and Youtube broadcasting schedule 
  2023/10/30  
 Presentation details 
  2023/10/21  
 Announcement of APSCE Student Wing Program 
  2023/10/13  
 Nominations of award papers are announced. 
   MORE    
  
 Sponsors  

   Copyright © Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education. All rights reserved.

39. ER_1 conference:
Skip to main navigation 
  Skip to search 
  Skip to main content 
   
 University of Twente Research Information Home      
   
 Home 
  Profiles 
  Research units 
  Projects 
  Research output 
  Datasets 
  Activities 
  Prizes 
  Press/Media 
   
 Search by expertise, name or affiliation     

 Conceptual Modeling: 42nd International Conference, ER 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, November 6–9, 2023, Proceedings   
   
 João Paulo A. Ameida (Editor), José Borbinha (Editor), Giancarlo Guizzardi   (Editor), Sebastian Link (Editor), Jelena Zdravkovic (Editor)  
   
 Semantics, Cybersecurity & Services 
  Digital Society Institute 
    
 Research output :   Book/Report ›   Book editing  ›  Academic   

 30  Downloads (Pure)    

 Overview 
  Fingerprint 
  Research output  (11) 

 Abstract  
 This volume of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series contains the proceedings of the 42nd International Conference on Conceptual Modeling–ER 2023, held in Lisbon, during November 6–9. Throughout history, Lisbon has been a key hub for maritime endeavors, and is famous for its beautiful coastal location and delightful architecture. As the cultural, economic, educational, and political center of Portugal, the city is a magnificent example of how rich past and modern energy should be blended. Very much likewise, the ER conference is the world-leading forum for discussing the state of the art, emerging issues, and future challenges of conceptual modeling. The first ER conference was held in 1979 in Los Angeles, and then took place every two years until 1985, when the conference evolved into an annual event. Over this time, the conference has been held in 20 countries on five continents, establishing a globally connected, scientifically rigorous community of academics and practitioners. Conceptual modeling is becoming even more critical in this age of extreme dynamics and huge proliferation of data. Indeed, conceptual modeling research enables our community to not only understand but describe and analyze these complex phenomena, to facilitate the development of effective software and information systems at any scale and level of detail required and bring forward their implementation in industry and the public sector.   

 Original language | English 
 Place of Publication | Cham 
 Publisher | Springer 
 Number of pages | 430 
 ISBN (Electronic) | 978-3-031-47262-6 
 ISBN (Print) | 978-3-031-47261-9 
 DOIs | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-47262-6 
 Publication status | Published -  28 Oct 2023 
 Event | 42nd International Conference on Conceptual Modeling, ER 2023    - Congress Center of the Instituto Superior Técnico, Lisbon, Portugal  
  Duration: 6 Nov 2023  → 9 Nov 2023   
  Conference number: 42  
  https://er2023.inesc-id.pt/ 

 Publication series  
  
 Name | Lecture Notes in Computer Science 
 Publisher | Springer 
 Volume | 14320 
 ISSN (Print) | 0302-9743 
 ISSN (Electronic) | 1611-3349 

 Keywords  
 Conceptual modeling 
  Knowledge representation 
  Ontologies 
  Formal ontology 
  Query languages 
  Information systems 
  Requirements engineering 
  Databases 
  Business Process Management (BPM) 
  Artificial intelligence 
  Semantics 
  Software design 
  Software engineering 
  Computer science 

 Access to Document  
 10.1007/978-3-031-47262-6 
  Front Matter   Final published version, 190 KB 

  Fingerprint   
 Dive into the research topics of 'Conceptual Modeling: 42nd International Conference, ER 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, November 6–9, 2023, Proceedings'. Together they form a unique fingerprint.    
 Economics  Engineering  100% 
  Energy Engineering  Engineering  100% 
  Development  Engineering  100% 
  View full fingerprint      

  Research output   
 Research output per year    2023  2023    2024    6 | Conference contribution 
  5 | Article 
    
 Research output per year  
    
 Research output per year  

 Modeling competences in enterprise architecture: from knowledge, skills, and attitudes to organizational capabilities    
 Fernandes Calhau, R., Almeida, J. P. A., Kokkula, S. & Guizzardi, G.   , 5 Mar 2024  , (E-pub ahead of print/First online) In: Software and systems modeling.    40 p.  Research output :   Contribution to journal ›   Article  ›  Academic  ›  peer-review   
  Open Access  File   Enterprises  100% 
  Company  100% 
  Skills  100% 
  Attitudes  100% 
  Knowledge  100% | 58  Downloads (Pure) 
  Ontology-based security modeling in ArchiMate    
 Oliveira, Í.   , Sales, T. P.   , Almeida, J. P. A., Baratella, R., Fumagalli, M. & Guizzardi, G.   , Aug 2024  , In: Software and systems modeling.    23  , 4  , p. 925-952  28 p.  Research output :   Contribution to journal ›   Article  ›  Academic  ›  peer-review   
  Open Access  File   Enterprise Risk Management  100% | 207  Downloads (Pure) 
  What Do I Get from Modeling? An Empirical Study on Using Structural Conceptual Models    
 Valle Sousa, I., Prince Sales, T.   , Guerra, E., Olavo Bonino da Silva Santos, L.   & Guizzardi, G.   , 2024  , Enterprise Design, Operations, and Computing: 27th International Conference, EDOC 2023, Groningen, The Netherlands, October 30 – November 3, 2023, Proceedings.  Proper, H. A., Pufahl, L., Karastoyanova, D., van Sinderen, M. & Moreira, J. (eds.). Cham: Springer   , p. 21-38  18 p.  (Lecture Notes in Computer Science; vol. 14367). Research output :   Chapter in Book/Report/Conference proceeding ›   Conference contribution  ›  Academic  ›  peer-review   
  Open Access  File   Models  100% 
  Conceptual Model  100% 
  Modelers  50% 
  Contexts  16% | 1   Citation (Scopus)   234  Downloads (Pure) 
    
 View all 11 research outputs      

 Cite this  
 APA 
  Author 
  BIBTEX 
  Harvard 
  Standard 
  RIS 
  Vancouver 
  Ameida, J. P. A., Borbinha, J. , Guizzardi, G.   , Link, S., & Zdravkovic, J. (Eds.) (2023). Conceptual Modeling: 42nd International Conference, ER 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, November 6–9, 2023, Proceedings    . (Lecture Notes in Computer Science; Vol. 14320). Springer. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-47262-6     
   
 Ameida, João Paulo A. (Editor) ; Borbinha, José (Editor) ; Guizzardi, Giancarlo (Editor)   et al. / Conceptual Modeling : 42nd International Conference, ER 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, November 6–9, 2023, Proceedings    . Cham : Springer, 2023. 430 p. (Lecture Notes in Computer Science).   
   
 @book{cb1195c13d264650bcee2a75a62a6793,   
 title = "Conceptual Modeling: 42nd International Conference, ER 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, November 6–9, 2023, Proceedings",   
 abstract = "This volume of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series contains the proceedings of the 42nd International Conference on Conceptual Modeling–ER 2023, held in Lisbon, during November 6–9. Throughout history, Lisbon has been a key hub for maritime endeavors, and is famous for its beautiful coastal location and delightful architecture. As the cultural, economic, educational, and political center of Portugal, the city is a magnificent example of how rich past and modern energy should be blended. Very much likewise, the ER conference is the world-leading forum for discussing the state of the art, emerging issues, and future challenges of conceptual modeling. The first ER conference was held in 1979 in Los Angeles, and then took place every two years until 1985, when the conference evolved into an annual event. Over this time, the conference has been held in 20 countries on five continents, establishing a globally connected, scientifically rigorous community of academics and practitioners. Conceptual modeling is becoming even more critical in this age of extreme dynamics and huge proliferation of data. Indeed, conceptual modeling research enables our community to not only understand but describe and analyze these complex phenomena, to facilitate the development of effective software and information systems at any scale and level of detail required and bring forward their implementation in industry and the public sector.",   
 keywords = "Conceptual modeling, Knowledge representation, Ontologies, Formal ontology, Query languages, Information systems, Requirements engineering, Databases, Business Process Management (BPM), Artificial intelligence, Semantics, Software design, Software engineering, Computer science",   
 editor = "Ameida, {Jo{\~a}o Paulo A.} and Jos{\'e} Borbinha and Giancarlo Guizzardi and Sebastian Link and Jelena Zdravkovic",   
 year = "2023",   
 month = oct,   
 day = "28",   
 doi = "10.1007/978-3-031-47262-6",   
 language = "English",   
 isbn = "978-3-031-47261-9",   
 series = "Lecture Notes in Computer Science",   
 publisher = "Springer",   
 address = "Germany",   
 note = "42nd International Conference on Conceptual Modeling, ER 2023, ER ; Conference date: 06-11-2023 Through 09-11-2023",   
 url = "https://er2023.inesc-id.pt/",   
 }  

 Ameida, JPA, Borbinha, J , Guizzardi, G   , Link, S & Zdravkovic, J (eds) 2023, Conceptual Modeling: 42nd International Conference, ER 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, November 6–9, 2023, Proceedings    . Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol. 14320, Springer, Cham. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-47262-6     
   
 Conceptual Modeling: 42nd International Conference, ER 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, November 6–9, 2023, Proceedings.    / Ameida, João Paulo A. (Editor); Borbinha, José (Editor) ; Guizzardi, Giancarlo (Editor)   et al.  
  Cham: Springer, 2023. 430 p. (Lecture Notes in Computer Science; Vol. 14320). Research output :   Book/Report ›   Book editing  ›  Academic   

 TY - BOOK  
 T1 - Conceptual Modeling  
 T2 - 42nd International Conference on Conceptual Modeling, ER 2023  
 A2 - Ameida, João Paulo A.  
 A2 - Borbinha, José  
 A2 - Guizzardi, Giancarlo  
 A2 - Link, Sebastian  
 A2 - Zdravkovic, Jelena  
 N1 - Conference code: 42  
 PY - 2023/10/28  
 Y1 - 2023/10/28  
 N2 - This volume of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series contains the proceedings of the 42nd International Conference on Conceptual Modeling–ER 2023, held in Lisbon, during November 6–9. Throughout history, Lisbon has been a key hub for maritime endeavors, and is famous for its beautiful coastal location and delightful architecture. As the cultural, economic, educational, and political center of Portugal, the city is a magnificent example of how rich past and modern energy should be blended. Very much likewise, the ER conference is the world-leading forum for discussing the state of the art, emerging issues, and future challenges of conceptual modeling. The first ER conference was held in 1979 in Los Angeles, and then took place every two years until 1985, when the conference evolved into an annual event. Over this time, the conference has been held in 20 countries on five continents, establishing a globally connected, scientifically rigorous community of academics and practitioners. Conceptual modeling is becoming even more critical in this age of extreme dynamics and huge proliferation of data. Indeed, conceptual modeling research enables our community to not only understand but describe and analyze these complex phenomena, to facilitate the development of effective software and information systems at any scale and level of detail required and bring forward their implementation in industry and the public sector.  
 AB - This volume of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series contains the proceedings of the 42nd International Conference on Conceptual Modeling–ER 2023, held in Lisbon, during November 6–9. Throughout history, Lisbon has been a key hub for maritime endeavors, and is famous for its beautiful coastal location and delightful architecture. As the cultural, economic, educational, and political center of Portugal, the city is a magnificent example of how rich past and modern energy should be blended. Very much likewise, the ER conference is the world-leading forum for discussing the state of the art, emerging issues, and future challenges of conceptual modeling. The first ER conference was held in 1979 in Los Angeles, and then took place every two years until 1985, when the conference evolved into an annual event. Over this time, the conference has been held in 20 countries on five continents, establishing a globally connected, scientifically rigorous community of academics and practitioners. Conceptual modeling is becoming even more critical in this age of extreme dynamics and huge proliferation of data. Indeed, conceptual modeling research enables our community to not only understand but describe and analyze these complex phenomena, to facilitate the development of effective software and information systems at any scale and level of detail required and bring forward their implementation in industry and the public sector.  
 KW - Conceptual modeling  
 KW - Knowledge representation  
 KW - Ontologies  
 KW - Formal ontology  
 KW - Query languages  
 KW - Information systems  
 KW - Requirements engineering  
 KW - Databases  
 KW - Business Process Management (BPM)  
 KW - Artificial intelligence  
 KW - Semantics  
 KW - Software design  
 KW - Software engineering  
 KW - Computer science  
 U2 - 10.1007/978-3-031-47262-6  
 DO - 10.1007/978-3-031-47262-6  
 M3 - Book editing  
 SN - 978-3-031-47261-9  
 T3 - Lecture Notes in Computer Science  
 BT - Conceptual Modeling  
 PB - Springer  
 CY - Cham  
 Y2 - 6 November 2023 through 9 November 2023  
 ER -  

 Ameida JPA, (ed.), Borbinha J, (ed.) , Guizzardi G, (ed.)   , Link S, (ed.), Zdravkovic J, (ed.). Conceptual Modeling: 42nd International Conference, ER 2023, Lisbon, Portugal, November 6–9, 2023, Proceedings     . Cham: Springer, 2023. 430 p. (Lecture Notes in Computer Science). doi: 10.1007/978-3-031-47262-6   

 Powered by Pure  , Scopus  & Elsevier Fingerprint Engine™   
 All content on this site: Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V.  or its licensors and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies. For all open access content, the Creative Commons licensing terms apply  
 We use cookies to help provide and enhance our service and tailor content. By continuing you agree to the use of cookies   

 University of Twente Research Information data protection policy   
 About web accessibility   

 Report vulnerability   
   
 Contact us

40. ICCE_1 conference:
About Us | About APSCE 
  President's Message 
  Constitution and Guidelines 
  Executive Committee 
  Subcommittees 
  Former Presidents 
  APSCE Fellows 
  Affiliate 
  Members/Students Support | Overview of APSCE Membership 
  Register for Membership 
  Mailing List 
  Student Wing 
  APSCE Excellence Scholarship Award (ESA) 
  Conferences | ICCE 2024 
  Past Conferences 
  Brief History 
  Conference regulations, processes and guidelines 
  TBICS | TBICS Working Group 
  TBICS Steering Committee 
  2024 CTE-STEM 
  2024 ICFULL 
  2024 MetaACES 
  Journal | About RPTEL 
  RPTEL Editorial Board 
  RPTEL Call for Papers 
  RPTEL Published Papers 
  SIGs | All Special Interest Groups 
  Guidelines 
  APSCE Webinar Series 
  Awards | Nomination Forms 
  APSCE Distinguished Researcher Award 
  APSCE Early Career Researcher Award 
  Award Winners 
  Instructions | For SIG Chairs 
  Submitting Application 

 ICCE 2023  
 Conference 
  # 

  Overview 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Invited Speakers 
  Proceedings 
  ICCE 2023  
  04 Dec 2023   Published   Public   00:00:00 Asia/Tokyo (UTC+09:00)   Matsue, Shimane, Japan    
     
 Designing new technologies for education  
  in a big social change world   
  
 Welcome Message  
  
 The 31st International Conference on Computers in Education (ICCE 2023) is organized by the Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education (APSCE). ICCE 2023 will be held on December 4-8, 2023, from Monday to Friday at Matsue, Shimane prefecture, Japan. Pre-conference events (e.g., Doctoral Student Consortium, workshops, and tutorials) will be conducted on the first two days and the main conference will begin on December 6th, 2023.  
 Accepted papers in the main conference, workshops, Early Career Workshop, Doctoral Student Consortium and Work-in-Progress Posters will be published in proceedings, which will be submitted to Elsevier for inclusion in Scopus. Proceedings of the main conference will also be submitted to Thomson Reuters for inclusion in the Conference Proceedings Citation Index.  
 ICCE2023 is planed to be held as a "in-person" event only at this moment.  
  This may change to a hybrid mode according to the situation.  
   
 Go to website 
   Start Time  
 04 Dec 2023 00:00:00 Asia/Tokyo (UTC+09:00) 
  Finish Time  
 08 Dec 2023 23:00:00 Asia/Tokyo (UTC+09:00) 
  Location  
 Matsue, Shimane, Japan 

 Curtis J. Bonk  
  USA    

 Title of Speech:  
 Time to Wake Up from Our Innovative Learning Dreams and Make Smarter Learning a Reality  
 For a half century, educators, psychologists, and researchers have been predicting that highly intensive, innovative, and individualized learning formats are only a few years away. Learners of all ages would enter enticing microworlds, highly engaging learning experience holodecks, fully immersive hands-on scenarios, high fidelity simulations and games, AI-based adaptive microlearning snippets, and completely free and open educational resources and courses on any topic. Massive open online classes were promised one day and then on demand microlearning snippets were delivered in the next. The learning related dreams we had in past decades were quickly forgotten as the next wave of learning technology came along. But all those dreams will prove pointless if they fail to address true problems or issues that some aspect of society is struggling with. It is time to wake up from such dreams of a glistening technological future and have our dream machines help us envision a world filled with open, informal, adaptive, nontraditional, and self-directed learning opportunities. When that happens, we will truly have arrived in the age of smarter and more innovative forms of learning where the learner is finally in charge of the dreams.  

 Tak-Wai Chan  
  Taiwan    

 Title of Speech:  
 Global Harwell’ as the ultimate educational goal: Can and should we pursue this goal through SIDC research and practice in the ‘Seamless AI World’?  
 Have we ever thought about our educational goal at a higher-level manner? If not, are we sure that we fully understand the position of our research’s contribution to future education, or do we just let our research follow the ever-changing technological advancement?In this presentation, I talk about a goal  , a means  , and an environment  (GME), the goal being achieved by the means in the environment. The goal is Global Harwell, with the word ‘harwell’ being a portmanteau of ‘harmony’ and ‘well-being’. Arguably, this is our ultimate educational goal, and it might even become the basic goal of humankind. The means is drawn from the research and practice of Seamless Interest-Driven Co-Creator Theory (SIDC Theory), which, however, is waiting to be established. The environment refers to ‘Seamless AI World’, which is a succinct notion of describing the digital future world. We refer the goal, the means, and the environment as GME, of which a group of researchers are now discussing about (see globalharwellgoal.org). However, because of the potential far-reaching impact at the global level, because of the complexity, and because of the fast-moving digital world, we would like to invite interested researchers to join us in this on-going discussion. “If you want to go fast, go alone; if you want to go far, go together.” Thus, with collaborative effort, we hope that we can establish the theory, and, with its research and practice, we, together with our next generations of researchers and practitioners, can eventually achieve the educational goal in the digital future.To answer the questions—‘can’ and ‘should’—I would explain the formation of GME, their rationales, and evolution based on my experience working with many researchers. For example, why I took initiatives to work with 17 international researchers to propose the notion ‘Seamless Learning’ in 2006, and with 23 Asian researchers to develop Interest-Driven Creator Theory (IDC Theory) in 2018; why I was so concerned about the Global Educational Goal problem, a grand challenge problem, in my keynote at AIED2007; and what the implication of my PhD work on intelligent learning companion (Chan & Baskin, 1988) towards the future AI world will be. In this talk, I also articulate what constitutes a theory of learning design.Finally, here I’d also like to invite you to participate the following activities:ICCE2003 pre-conference workshop: “ Towards the Research and Practice of Seamless Interest-Driven Creators (SIDC) Theory with Technological Supports (and their implications for future education in the era of AI and the metaverse)  ” organized by Lung-Hsiang Wong.ICCE2003 main conference panel right after my keynote: “ Towards a Collaborative Vision for Redesigning Education for Harmonious and Thriving Educational Futures in Asia and Beyond: will Seamless IDC Theory lead us there?  ” organized by Chee-Kit Looi and Siu-Cheung Kong.Publishing papers in the special issue of RPTEL on artificial companions for learning (if you are working in this area): “Revolutionizing learning: The continuing roles of learning companions beyond ChatGPT” with guest editors Ying-Tien Wu, Calvin Liao, and Siu-Cheung Kong. References  Chan, T.-W., Roschelle, J., Hsi, S., Kinshuk., Sharples, M., Brown, T., … Cherniavsky, J. (2006). One-to-one technology-enhanced learning: An opportunity for global research collaboration. Research and Practice in Technology Enhanced Learning  , 1(1), 3-29.Chan, T.-W., Looi, C. K., Chen, W., Wong, L.-H., Chang, B., Liao, C. C.-Y., … Ogata, H. (2018). Interest-driven creator theory: Towards a theory of learning design for Asia in the twenty-first century. Journal of Computers in Education  , 5(4), 435-461.Chan, T. W., & Baskin, A. B. (1988). Studying with the prince: The computer as a learning companion. In Proceedings of the International Conference on Intelligent Tutoring Systems  , 194-200, Montreal, Canada.  

 Davinia Hernández-Leo  
  Barcelona    

 Title of Speech:  
 Computers in Education: how can we support teachers?  
 While it is widely agreed that the role of teachers is key to achieve students’ learning, research on how technology can support teachers’ tasks is often underemphasized. In this talk I will summarise research results leading to practical implications in the design of technologies that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of teachers’ tasks, caring also for their wellbeing. In particular, I will focus on how technology can support learning design and the orchestration of complex learning scenarios, such as computer-supported collaborative learning in large classrooms. The technology presented will include authoring tools, teaching community platforms, enactment systems, orchestration dashboards and data-driven interventions based on learning analytics. I will also discuss synergies between technological solutions emphasizing human-in-control and machine-in-control perspectives. During the talk, participants will be able to experience some notions covered by interacting using the PyramidApp tool and the Integrated Learning Design Environment (ILDE).  

 Masaru Kitsuregawa  
  Japan    

 Title of Speech:  
 Building a Research Data Platform and Education  
 We have entered a highly uncertain, unpredictable age beset by natural disasters and wars around the world as well global-scale pandemics. However, we must not despair at this state of affairs and simply wait in hope of better circumstances. Rather, we must move forward with an eye to the future. The Research Organization of Information and Systems (ROIS), consisting of four distinguished research institutes, aims to solve complex phenomena and issues relating to life, the earth, the natural environment, and human society by reframing these issues from the perspective of information and systems while advancing data science to conduct integrated research that transcends disciplinary boundaries. In line with its mission to support resource-sharing and joint research among all universities, ROIS promotes cutting-edge research in specialized fields through joint research that transcends university boundaries by providing researchers nationwide with access to large-scale, state-of-the-art equipment and facilities, big data, valuable materials, and analytical methods. Especially, the National Institute of Informatics replaced the previous Science Information NETwork (SINET) with the world’s fastest ultra-high-speed network infrastructure, SINET6, which provides transmission speeds of up to 400 Gbps. In addition to the over 1,000 institutions and universities currently being served, the network will soon be offered to elementary, junior high, and high schools as well. SINET is also expected to make substantial contributions to industry and continuing education. The full rollout of the GakuNin RDM research data management platform not only provides data management support for individual researchers but also supports the development of open science by providing a platform for the proper release of research data including educational big data.  

 Kaushal Kumar Bhagat  
  India    

 Title of Speech:  
 Game On! Leveraging the Benefits of Game-Based Learning in the Digital Age  
 In today’s digital age, game-based learning has become an increasingly popular way to engage students and enhance their learning experiences. Game-based learning leverages the engaging and immersive nature of games to create a fun and interactive learning environment, which can help students to develop critical thinking, problem-solving, and collaboration skills. In this keynote presentation, we will explore the benefits of game-based learning and discuss how it can be used to meet the needs of today’s learners. We will discuss the importance of incorporating game-based learning into the classroom and explore some of the latest research on the effectiveness of this approach. We will also explore some fundamental design principles of successful game-based learning and highlight some of the best practices that educators can use to create engaging and effective games for their students. Finally, we will examine some of the challenges and limitations of game-based learning and discuss how educators can work to overcome these obstacles. Overall, this keynote presentation will provide attendees with a comprehensive overview of game-based learning and its potential to transform education in the digital age. Whether you are an educator, a curriculum developer, or a game designer, this presentation will provide valuable insights into how you can leverage the benefits of game-based learning to create engaging and effective learning experiences.  

 Brendan Flanagan  
  Japan    

 Title of Speech:  
 Challenges and Opportunities of Educational Data Science for Reading Systems  
 As educational systems are collecting an increasing amount of data on the learning behavior of students, its analysis has given rise to the fields of Educational Data Mining, and more recently Learning Analytics. As a result, educational AI that is constructed from and consumes learning behavior data has become more prevalent in learning systems and is fueling increased research attention in the field. While many datasets have been made public to promote research, important issues such as information privacy have also limited broader analysis and have resulted in data silos and hindered replication studies within the community. This talk will give an overview of educational data science focusing on reading systems and discuss important ongoing challenges including data analysis for niche learning contexts, data divide, and insights into methods for promoting collaboration through synthetic data and their possible limitations.  

 Daner Sun  
  China    

 Title of Speech:  
 Exploring the Evolution of Mobile Learning Environments  
 The rapid advancement of technology and the changing landscape of education have led to significant changes in technology-enabled learning environments. This presentation will explore the impact of changing situations on mobile technology-enabled learning environments, with the speaker sharing insights as both a researcher and an instructor. The talk will cover the evolving distribution and adjustment of components in these environments, as well as changes in pedagogy before, during, and after the Covid-19 pandemic. Additionally, the speaker will highlight the emerging dominance of new technologies in Hong Kong and worldwide, and propose future research directions for mobile learning.  

  ICCE 2023 Main Conference Proceedings - V1 
  ICCE2023-Proceedings-V1-1214 (final).pdf 
     
 View  Download    

  ICCE 2023 Main Conference Proceedings - V2 
  ICCE2023-Proceedings-V2-1214 (final).pdf 
     
 View  Download    

 The Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education (APSCE) was formed on 1 January 2004. It is an independent academic society whose broad objective is to promote the conduct and communication of scientific research related to all aspects of the use of computers in education, especially within the Asia-Pacific.  

 Sitemap  

 Support  
   
 Contact Us 
  Privacy Policy 

 Contact Us  
   
 Center for Science and Technology for Learning National Central University No. 300, Zhongda Rd., Zhongli District, Taoyuan City 320317, Taiwan (R.O.C.) 
  +886-3-4227151 ext. 35407 
  [email protected]

41. ICOCI_2 conference:
Anmelden 
  Registrierung 
  Deutsch  English 
  Español 
  Português 
  Français 

     Dom 
  Najlepsze kategorie | CAREER & MONEY 
  PERSONAL GROWTH 
  POLITICS & CURRENT AFFAIRS 
  SCIENCE & TECH 
  HEALTH & FITNESS 
  LIFESTYLE 
  ENTERTAINMENT 
  BIOGRAPHIES & HISTORY 
  FICTION 
  Najlepsze historie 
  Najlepsze historie 
  Dodaj historię 
  Moje historie 

 Home 
  Computing and Informatics: 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023, Revised Selected Papers [1] 9819995884, 9789819995882 

 Computing and Informatics: 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023, Revised Selected Papers [1] 9819995884, 9789819995882   
 This book constitutes the revised selected papers of the 9th International conference, ICOCI 2023, held in Kuala Lumpur,   
  397    62    38MB    
  English   Pages 416 [410]   Year 2024    
  Report DMCA / Copyright    
  DOWNLOAD FILE   
   
 Polecaj historie   

 Computing and Informatics: 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023, Revised Selected Papers, Part II ... in Computer and Information Science, 2002) 9819995914, 9789819995912  
 This book constitutes the revised selected papers of the 9th International conference, ICOCI 2023, held in Kuala Lumpur,  
  158    39    30MB    Read more   

 High Performance Computing: 10th Latin American Conference, CARLA 2023, Cartagena, Colombia, September 18–22, 2023, Revised Selected Papers 3031521854, 9783031521850  
 This book constitutes the refereed revised selected papers of the 10th Latin American Conference on High Performance Com  
  100    0    27MB    Read more   

 High Performance Computing: 10th Latin American Conference, CARLA 2023, Cartagena, Colombia, September 18–22, 2023, Revised Selected Papers 3031521854, 9783031521850  
 This book constitutes the refereed revised selected papers of the 10th Latin American Conference on High Performance Com  
  163    74    24MB    Read more   

 Selected Areas in Cryptography – SAC 2023. 30th International Conference Fredericton, Canada, August 14–18, 2023 Revised Selected Papers 9783031533679, 9783031533686  
  
  209    109    16MB    Read more   

 Ubiquitous Security: Third International Conference, UbiSec 2023, Exeter, UK, November 1–3, 2023, Revised Selected Papers 9789819712748, 9819712742  
  
  162    97    Read more   

 Optimization, Learning Algorithms and Applications: Third International Conference, OL2A 2023, Ponta Delgada, Portugal, September 27–29, 2023, Revised Selected Papers [1] 3031530241, 9783031530241  
 This two-volume set CCIS 1981 and 1982 constitutes the refereed post-conference proceedings of the Third International C  
  149    73    59MB    Read more   

 Mobile, Secure, and Programmable Networking: 9th International Conference, MSPN 2023, Paris, France, October 26–27, 2023, Revised Selected Papers (Lecture Notes in Computer Science) 303152425X, 9783031524257  
 This book constitutes the refereed post-proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Mobile, Secure, and Programma  
  143    84    Read more   

 Parallel Computational Technologies. 17th International Conference, PCT 2023 Saint Petersburg, Russia, March 28–30, 2023 Revised Selected Papers 9783031388637, 9783031388644  
  
  160    55    31MB    Read more   

 Green, Pervasive, and Cloud Computing: 18th International Conference, GPC 2023, Harbin, China, September 22–24, 2023, Proceedings [1] 9819998921, 9789819998920  
 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Green, Pervasive, and Cloud Compu  
  145    6    Read more   

 Advances in Visual Informatics: 8th International Visual Informatics Conference, IVIC 2023, Selangor, Malaysia, November 15–17, 2023, Proceedings (Lecture Notes in Computer Science, 14322) 9819973384, 9789819973385  
 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Advances in Visual Informatics, IV  
  577    101    43MB    Read more   

 Author / Uploaded 
  Nur Haryani Zakaria (editor) 
  Nur Suhaili Mansor (editor) 
  Husniza Husni (editor) 
  Fathey Mohammed (editor) 

 Table of contents :  
  Preface  
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
  Contents – Part I  
  Contents – Part II  
  Ensuring Cybersecurity and Privacy  
  Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies: A Case Study in Jakarta Smart City  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Theory Review  
  3 Research Method  
  4 ANT Based Framework  
  5 Punctualization in Actor Networks  
  5.1 The Punctualized Actor of the Director of Jakarta Smart City  
  5.2 The Punctualized Actor of the DKI Jakarta Province Communication, Informatics, and Statistics Agency  
  5.3 The Punctualized Actor of the Operational Executing Unit  
  6 Setting Up Obligatory Passage Points  
  7 Interessement Moment  
  8 Enrollment Moment  
  9 Mobilization Moment  
  9.1 Legal Fundamental of Cybersecurity Actor Network  
  9.2 Security Policy Control  
  9.3 Security Implementation Control  
  9.4 Evaluation and Measurement of Security Maturity  
  9.5 Collaboration and Cooperation  
  10 Conclusion  
  References  
  Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines: Techniques, Challenges, Current Trends, and Future Prospects  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Crawling  
  3.1 Types of Crawlers  
  3.2 Techniques  
  3.3 Distributed Crawling Architectures  
  3.4 Common Crawl  
  3.5 Challenges and Prospects  
  4 Distributed Search Engine  
  4.1 Architectures  
  4.2 Open-Source Search Engines  
  4.3 Challenges and Prospects  
  5 AI Conversational Agents  
  5.1 Challenges to Traditional Search Engines  
  5.2 Societal and Ethical Impacts  
  5.3 Future Prospects  
  6 Domain-Agnostic Asynchronous Crawler  
  6.1 Architecture  
  6.2 Experiment  
  6.3 Usage, Scopes, and Limitations  
  7 Conclusion  
  References  
  Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems with Integrity Check  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Studies  
  3 The Proposed Model  
  4 Evaluation and Results  
  4.1 Coding of the Archiving Module  
  4.2 Dataset  
  4.3 Integrity Check Module  
  4.4 Discussion  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society: Security Challenges and Proposed Approach  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Blockchain Technology  
  2.1 Fundamentals of Consensus Mechanism in Blockchain  
  2.2 Supply Chain Management (SCM)  
  2.3 Consideration for Enabling of Blockchain-Based Supply Chain  
  3 Challenges of Blockchain-Enabled in Supply Chain  
  3.1 Security Vulnerabilities in Blockchain  
  3.2 Malicious Nodes and Security Attacks in Blockchain  
  4 Challenges of Blockchain-Enabled in Supply Chain  
  4.1 Blockchain-Based Supply Chain System  
  4.2 Consensus Mechanisms for Private Blockchain  
  5 The Proposed Approach  
  5.1 The System Model and Consensus Schemes  
  6 Conclusion  
  References  
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Literature Review  
  2.1 Phishing Attack  
  2.2 Automated Anti-phishing System  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Research Approach  
  3.2 Research Design  
  4 Results and Findings  
  4.1 Common Automated Phishing Detection and Prevention System  
  4.2 Various Methods of Implementing Anti-phishing Systems  
  5 Discussion and Conclusion  
  References  
  Remote Public Data Auditing to Secure Cloud Storage  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Literature Review  
  3 Development of the Proposed Scheme  
  3.1 System Model  
  3.2 System Development  
  3.3 The Design Process of EPT  
  4 Experiment and Discussion  
  5 Conclusion  
  6 Future Research Directions  
  References  
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods and Tools for Mitigating Potential Attacks  
  1 Introduction  
  1.1 Prior Research  
  1.2 Types of Ransomware Attacks  
  1.3 Major Problem  
  1.4 Study Objectives  
  1.5 Contribution and Structure  
  2 Methodology  
  2.1 Source Material  
  2.2 Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria  
  2.3 Selection Results  
  2.4 Quality Assessment  
  2.5 Data Extraction  
  2.6 Meaningful Keywords Count  
  3 Findings  
  3.1 RQ1: What Are the Current State-of-the-Art Techniques and Tools Used for Detecting Ransomware?  
  3.2 RQ2: How Effective Are Existing Mitigation Strategies in Preventing Ransomware Attacks and Their Associated Damages?  
  3.3 What Are the Most Common Tactics and Techniques Used by Ransomware Attackers and How Can These Be Thwarted?  
  4 Mitigation and Prevention Techniques of Ransomware  
  5 Recommendations  
  6 Conclusion  
  References  
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System in Network Security  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Method of Reviewing  
  3.2 Research Questions  
  3.3 Search Strategy  
  3.4 Study Selection  
  3.5 Data Extraction  
  3.6 Study Quality Assessment and Data Synthesis  
  3.7 Threat Validation  
  4 Research Result  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System for Wireless Sensor Networks: Challenges, Solutions, and Future Directions  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  2.1 Wireless Sensor Network Cross-layer Protocols  
  2.2 Intrusion Detection Systems  
  3 Wireless Sensor Network Intrusion Detection Systems  
  3.1 Wireless Sensor Network Attacks  
  3.2 Cross-layer Intrusion Detection Systems  
  4 Challenges and Future Directions  
  5 Conclusions  
  References  
  Digital Media and Information Literacy  
  A Feature-Based Optimization Approach for Fake News Detection on Social Media Using K-Means Clustering  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Works in Clustering Analysis  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Phase 1: Data Collection  
  3.2 Phase II Data Pre-processing  
  3.3 Phase III Feature Extraction  
  3.4 Phase IV Feature Selection and Clustering  
  4 Experimental Results and Discussion  
  5 Conclusion and Future Works  
  References  
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Methodology  
  2.1 Search Strategy  
  2.2 Arabic Dialect Datasets  
  2.3 Preprocessing and Feature Extraction Phases  
  2.4 Classification Techniques  
  3 Study Findings  
  4 Conclusion and Future Work  
  References  
  Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends: A Bibliometric Analysis of E-Participation Through Social Media  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Literature Review  
  3 Methods  
  4 Results  
  4.1 Documents Profiles  
  4.2 Research Trends  
  4.3 Citation Analysis  
  4.4 Keywords  
  5 Discussion and Conclusion  
  References  
  Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis on Addressing the Vanishing Gradient Issue in Deep Neural Networks for Text Data  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Review of Related Literature  
  2.1 Algorithmic Features  
  2.2 Regularization Technique  
  2.3 Optimization Technique  
  3 Methods and Interpretation of Findings  
  3.1 Data Collection  
  3.2 Data Analysis Process  
  4 Findings  
  5 Conclusion with Future Recommendation  
  References  
  A Test Dataset of Offensive Malay Language by a Cyberbullying Detection Model on Instagram Using Support Vector Machine  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Offensive Words in the Malay Language  
  3 Building a Test Textual Collection for Cyberbullying  
  3.1 Preparing the Dataset  
  3.2 Feature Extraction  
  3.3 Baseline Experiments  
  4 Conclusions  
  References  
  TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Material and Methods  
  3.1 Data Collection  
  3.2 Data Preprocessing  
  3.3 Clustering and Topic Modelling  
  3.4 Experimental Setup  
  4 Experiments and Results  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Navigating AI Development and Deployment  
  A Video Summarization Method for Movie Trailer-Genre Classification Based on Emotion Analysis  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Works  
  2.1 Image Features Statistical Analysis  
  2.2 Graph Based Analysis  
  2.3 Semantic Analysis  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Data Collection  
  3.2 Data Processing  
  3.3 Face Detection Task  
  3.4 Emotion Recognition Task and Computing Emotion Value  
  4 Results and Analysis  
  5 Conclusion and Future Works  
  References  
  E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning for Food Safety Application  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Works  
  3 Materials and Methods  
  3.1 Food Sample Preparation  
  3.2 Experimental Setup  
  3.3 Data Analysis Methods  
  4 Results and Discussion  
  4.1 K-NN Classification Result  
  4.2 SVM Classification Result  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches in Routing Protocols for Low Power and Lossy Networks: A Fuzzy Logic-Based Perspective  
  1 Introduction  
  2 The Objective Function in RPL  
  2.1 Standard Objective Functions (oF)  
  2.2 Routing Metrics  
  3 Methodology  
  4 Objective Function Modification Approaches  
  4.1 Lexical and Additive Composition  
  4.2 Fuzzy Logic Composition  
  5 Discussion  
  6 Opportunities and Future Work  
  7 Conclusion  
  References  
  An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy Using a Derived Rule from the Holy Quran Verses  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Literature Review  
  2.1 Overview  
  2.2 Related Work  
  3 Experimental Design and Implementation  
  4 Results and Discussion  
  4.1 Comparison of Binary-Label and Three-Label Models  
  4.2 Effectiveness of Binary-Label Model  
  4.3 Importance of Dataset Balancing  
  4.4 Implications for Sentiment Analysis and Future Research  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines: Causes, Risk Mitigations, and Real Time Consequences of Failure – A Comprehensive Review  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Anomalies in Mooring Lines  
  2.1 Anomalies in Polyester Mooring Ropes  
  2.2 Anomalies in Steel Wire Mooring Ropes  
  2.3 Anomalies in Mooring Chains  
  3 Real-Time Consequences of Failure in Mooring (Thin) Lines  
  4 Conclusion  
  References  
  Data Analytics Modelling System for Short Courses at Seberang Jaya Community College  
  1 Introduction  
  1.1 Background  
  1.2 Problem Statement  
  1.3 Objectives of Study  
  2 Related Works  
  2.1 Introduction  
  2.2 Related Works  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Introduction  
  3.2 Dataset  
  3.3 Data Preparation  
  3.4 Data Exploration  
  3.5 Data Analysis Using Predictive Analytics  
  4 Results and Discussion  
  4.1 General Statistics  
  4.2 Descriptive Analytics  
  4.3 Predictive Analytics  
  4.4 Parameters  
  4.5 Outcome  
  4.6 Discussion  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Examining the Software Developers’ Perception in Open-Source Software of Blockchain Project Using Association Rules Mining  
  1 Introduction  
  1.1 Related Works  
  2 Apriori Algorithm  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Data Preparation  
  3.2 Data Conversion  
  4 Findings  
  4.1 Respondents Demographic  
  5 Generating an Association Rules Using Unsupervised Apriori  
  5.1 Tuning Again with Higher Support of 0.6 and Confident of 0.9  
  6 Relationship Between Confidence and Lift  
  7 Conclusion  
  References  
  Support Vector Machine for Satellite Images Classification Using Radial Basis Function Kernel Method  
  1 Introduction  
  1.1 Support Vector Machine (SVM)  
  2 Related Studies  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Classification Workflow  
  4 Result and Discussion  
  4.1 Classification Results  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Harnessing Technology for Sustainable Development  
  A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework for Software Sustainability  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Proposed Work  
  3.1 Determination of Test Case Prioritization Factors  
  3.2 Designing Weighted Fitness Function  
  3.3 Hybrid Swarm Algorithm for Test Case Prioritization  
  4 The Framework Evaluation  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Towards a Sustainable Digital Society: Supporting Producer Mobility in Named Data Networking Through Immobile Anchor-Based Mechanism  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Information-Centric Networking (ICN)  
  3 Named Data Networking (NDN)  
  4 Consumer Mobility Assistance  
  5 Producer Mobility Assistance  
  6 Classification of Producer Diverse Mobility Approaches  
  6.1 Indirection-Based Mobility Approach (IMA)  
  6.2 Mapping-Based Mobility Approach (MMA)  
  6.3 Locator/Identifier Split-Based Mobility Approach (LISMA)  
  6.4 Control Data Plane Split-Based Mobility Approach (CDPSMA)  
  7 Proposed Producer Mobility Management Mechanism  
  8 Message Flow  
  9 Conclusion  
  References  
  Enabling a Sustainable and Inclusive Digital Future with Proactive Producer Mobility Management Mechanism in Named Data Networking  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Mobility in Named Data Networking  
  2.1 Consumer Mobility  
  2.2 Producer Mobility  
  3 Producer Mobility Approaches  
  3.1 Rendezvous Approach  
  3.2 Anchor-Based Approach  
  3.3 Anchor-Less Approach  
  4 Proposed Mechanism  
  4.1 Determine the Producer’s Mobility Handover Time  
  4.2 Send Mobility Packet  
  4.3 Buffer Interest  
  4.4 Message Flow  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  The Recent Trends of Research on GitHub Copilot: A Systematic Review  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Methodology  
  2.1 PRISMA  
  2.2 Resources  
  2.3 Eligibility and Exclusion Criteria  
  2.4 Systematic Review Process  
  2.5 Data Abstraction and Analysis  
  3 Results  
  3.1 Developer Productivity  
  3.2 Code Quality  
  3.3 Code Security  
  3.4 Education  
  4 Discussion  
  5 Future Direction or Recommendation  
  6 Conclusion  
  References  
  Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Methodology  
  3 Background First Section  
  3.1 NDN Forwarding Plane  
  3.2 Blockchain Framework  
  4 Blockchain over Named Data Networks  
  5 Discussion  
  6 Open Research Challenges  
  7 Conclusion  
  References  
  A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation: A Malaysian Perspective  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Methodology  
  3 Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation  
  3.1 Creative Industry Definition  
  3.2 The National Creative Industry Policy (DIKN) in Malaysia  
  3.3 Local and Islamic Cultural Content from a Malaysian Perspective  
  3.4 Technology Related to Creative Industry  
  4 Classification of Creative Industry: Cross Country Comparison  
  5 A Quantitative Survey of the Creative Industry Stakeholders in Malaysia  
  5.1 Opinions on the Malaysian National Policy of Creative Industry  
  6 Conclusion  
  References  
  Author Index   
 Citation preview   
  Nur Haryani Zakaria Nur Suhaili Mansor Husniza Husni Fathey Mohammed (Eds.)  
   
  Communications in Computer and Information Science  
   
  Computing and Informatics 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023 Revised Selected Papers, Part I  
   
  2001  
   
  Communications in Computer and Information Science Editorial Board Members Joaquim Filipe , Polytechnic Institute of Setúbal, Setúbal, Portugal Ashish Ghosh , Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata, India Raquel Oliveira Prates , Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG), Belo Horizonte, Brazil Lizhu Zhou, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China  
   
  2001  
   
  Rationale The CCIS series is devoted to the publication of proceedings of computer science conferences. Its aim is to efficiently disseminate original research results in informatics in printed and electronic form. While the focus is on publication of peer-reviewed full papers presenting mature work, inclusion of reviewed short papers reporting on work in progress is welcome, too. Besides globally relevant meetings with internationally representative program committees guaranteeing a strict peer-reviewing and paper selection process, conferences run by societies or of high regional or national relevance are also considered for publication. Topics The topical scope of CCIS spans the entire spectrum of informatics ranging from foundational topics in the theory of computing to information and communications science and technology and a broad variety of interdisciplinary application fields. Information for Volume Editors and Authors Publication in CCIS is free of charge. No royalties are paid, however, we offer registered conference participants temporary free access to the online version of the conference proceedings on SpringerLink (http://link.springer.com) by means of an http referrer from the conference website and/or a number of complimentary printed copies, as specified in the official acceptance email of the event. CCIS proceedings can be published in time for distribution at conferences or as postproceedings, and delivered in the form of printed books and/or electronically as USBs and/or e-content licenses for accessing proceedings at SpringerLink. Furthermore, CCIS proceedings are included in the CCIS electronic book series hosted in the SpringerLink digital library at http://link.springer.com/bookseries/7899. Conferences publishing in CCIS are allowed to use Online Conference Service (OCS) for managing the whole proceedings lifecycle (from submission and reviewing to preparing for publication) free of charge. Publication process The language of publication is exclusively English. Authors publishing in CCIS have to sign the Springer CCIS copyright transfer form, however, they are free to use their material published in CCIS for substantially changed, more elaborate subsequent publications elsewhere. For the preparation of the camera-ready papers/files, authors have to strictly adhere to the Springer CCIS Authors’ Instructions and are strongly encouraged to use the CCIS LaTeX style files or templates. Abstracting/Indexing CCIS is abstracted/indexed in DBLP, Google Scholar, EI-Compendex, Mathematical Reviews, SCImago, Scopus. CCIS volumes are also submitted for the inclusion in ISI Proceedings. How to start To start the evaluation of your proposal for inclusion in the CCIS series, please send an e-mail to [email protected]  .  
   
  Nur Haryani Zakaria · Nur Suhaili Mansor · Husniza Husni · Fathey Mohammed Editors  
   
  Computing and Informatics 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023 Revised Selected Papers, Part I  
   
  Editors Nur Haryani Zakaria Universiti Utara Malaysia Sintok, Malaysia  
   
  Nur Suhaili Mansor Universiti Utara Malaysia Sintok, Malaysia  
   
  Husniza Husni Universiti Utara Malaysia Sintok, Malaysia  
   
  Fathey Mohammed Sunway University Selangor, Malaysia  
   
  ISSN 1865-0929 ISSN 1865-0937 (electronic) Communications in Computer and Information Science ISBN 978-981-99-9588-2 ISBN 978-981-99-9589-9 (eBook) https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9 © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 This work is subject to copyright. All rights are reserved by the Publisher, whether the whole or part of the material is concerned, specifically the rights of translation, reprinting, reuse of illustrations, recitation, broadcasting, reproduction on microfilms or in any other physical way, and transmission or information storage and retrieval, electronic adaptation, computer software, or by similar or dissimilar methodology now known or hereafter developed. The use of general descriptive names, registered names, trademarks, service marks, etc. in this publication does not imply, even in the absence of a specific statement, that such names are exempt from the relevant protective laws and regulations and therefore free for general use. The publisher, the authors, and the editors are safe to assume that the advice and information in this book are believed to be true and accurate at the date of publication. Neither the publisher nor the authors or the editors give a warranty, expressed or implied, with respect to the material contained herein or for any errors or omissions that may have been made. The publisher remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations. This Springer imprint is published by the registered company Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. The registered company address is: 152 Beach Road, #21-01/04 Gateway East, Singapore 189721, Singapore Paper in this product is recyclable.  
   
  Preface  
   
  This year’s International Conference on Computing and Informatics (ICOCI 2023) conference proceedings, centered around the theme “Nurturing an inclusive digital society for a sustainable nation,” reflect the ever-evolving intersection of technology and society. The exploration of how we can harness digital innovation to foster sustainability, unity, and growth underscores our shared commitment to shaping a better digital landscape for our nations and the world. The dedication and enthusiasm demonstrated by contributors from various countries highlight the significance of the addressed topics. Congratulations and appreciation are extended to all authors and presenters for their valuable contributions to this intellectual discourse. As these proceedings find their place in our esteemed publication venues, they mark the continuation of the journey of knowledge dissemination. The enriched understanding and insights contained within these works pave the way for future research and innovations, contributing to a positive ripple effect that extends beyond the confines of this conference and into our societies. The sub-themes of this year’s conference proceedings are Digital Entrepreneurship and Innovation, Digital Healthcare and Well-Being, Digital Media and Information Literacy, Education Transformation through Technology, Ensuring Cybersecurity and Privacy, Harnessing Technology for Sustainable Development, and Navigating AI Development and Deployment. All these sub-themes serve as focal points for the exploration of diverse facets within the digital landscape. This comprehensive exploration reflects the global perspective embedded in our discussions, showcasing the collaborative effort of minds from various corners of the world. The rich diversity of ideas and experiences brought forward by our contributors enriches the depth of understanding in each sub-theme. We received a total of 134 paper submissions, a testament to the widespread interest and engagement in the topics under consideration. Through a rigorous double-blind review process, each paper was meticulously evaluated by at least 3 reviewers. Out of the submissions, 55 papers were selected for inclusion in these proceedings, representing the highest standards of academic rigor and relevance. We sincerely hope that the knowledge shared within the pages of these conference proceedings serves as a robust foundation for future advancements and positive change in our ever-evolving digital societies. May the insights contained herein inspire further exploration, innovation, and collaboration, leading us towards a more inclusive, sustainable, and digitally connected future. Warm regards, Nur Haryani Zakaria  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Patron Mohd. Foad Sakdan  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Advisor Osman Ghazali  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Conference Chair Norliza Katuk  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Vice-chair Nur Azzah Abu Bakar  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Treasurer Aniza Mohamed Din  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Secretary Alawiyah Abd Wahab  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Finance and Sponsorship Mazni Omar Norliza Katuk  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  viii  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Secretariat Alawiyah Abd Wahab Nur Azzah Abu Bakar  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Logistics and Accommodation Suwannit Chareen Chit Sop Chit  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Paperwork and Proceedings Nur Haryani Zakaria Husniza Husni Fathey Mohammed Nur Suhaili Mansor  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia Sunway University, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Promotion and Publicity Syamsul Bahrin Zaibon Azizi Abas  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  International Technical Committee Mario Jose Divan Koller Bakr Ahmed Taha Fateh Seghir Boubakeur Annane Adel Alti Shahzad Qaiser Safaet Hossain Yong Wu Lo Man Fung Sunil Kumar G. S. Pradeep Ghantasala Chetna Sanjoy Kumar Debnath Ankit Bansal  
   
  Intel, Argentina Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia University Ferhat Abbas Setif 1, Algeria University Ferhat Abbas Setif 1, Algeria University Ferhat Abbas Setif 1, Algeria Flextronics International (Flex), Austria City University, Bangladesh Institute of Applied Physics and Computational Mathematics, China University of Hong Kong, China Amity University, Noida, India Chitkara University, India Chitkara University, India Chitkara University, India Chitkara University, India  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Nazeer Unnisa Qurishi Ali M. Abdulshahed Pooja Gupta Prateek Agrawal Gulfam Ahamad Prashant Johri M. A. Ansari Swagata Dey Venkatesh Gauri Shankar Bali Devi Vikas Kamra Lalit Kumar R. Raja Subramanian Shrddha Sagar Vikram Kumar Susama Bagchi P. Sardar Maran Amit Kumar Mishra Ade Novia Maulana Apri Siswanto Abdullah Tito Sugiharto Rio Andriyat Krisdiawan Erlan Darmawan Evizal Abdul Kadir Yeffry Handoko Putra Waleed Khalid Al-Hadban Athraa Jasim Mohammed Suhaib Kh. Hamed Mohammed Rashad Baker Firas Mahmood Mustafa Zakho Khalid Shaker Arwa Alqudsi Ramadi Hussein K. Almulla Roberto Vergallo Mohd Nor Akmal Khalid  
   
  ix  
   
  Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology, India Misurata University, India Parul University, India Lovely Professional University, India Baba Ghulam Shah Badshah University, India Galgotias University, India Gautam Buddha University, India Bhairab Ganguly College, India Manipal University Jaipur, India Manipal University Jaipur, India Krishna Institute of Engineering and Technology, India Galgotias University, India Kalasalingam Academy of Research and Education, India Galgotias University, India Indian Institute of Information Technology Una, India Chitkara University, India Sathyabama Institute of Science and Technology, India Jain University, India Islamic State University of Sulthan Thaha Saifuddin Jambi, Indonesia Universitas Islam Riau, Indonesia Universitas Islam Indragiri, Indonesia Universitas Kuningan, Indonesia Universitas Kuningan, Indonesia Universitas Kuningan, Indonesia Universitas Islam Riau, Indonesia Universitas Komputer Indonesia, Indonesia Charmo University, Iraq University of Technology, Iraq Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia Kirkuk University, Iraq Duhok Polytechnic University, Iraq University of Anbar, Iraq Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia University of Anbar, Iraq University of Salento, Italy Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Japan  
   
  x  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Mustafa Ali Abuzaraida Bhagyashree S. R. Mohd Hasbullah Omar Rubijesmin Abdul Latif Mohd Helmy Abd Wahab Husna Sarirah Husin Aida Zamnah Zainal Abidin Mohammed Gamal Alsamman Quah Wei Boon Ihsan Ali Abdulrazak Yahya Saleh Rajina R. Mohamed Dalilah Binti Abdullah Shahrinaz Ismail Ruhaya Ab. Aziz Syahrul Fahmy Nooraida Samsudin Norhafizah Ismail Noormadinah Allias Zainab Attar Bashi Ashikin Ali Roziyani Setik Siti Fairuz Nurr Sadikan Safyzan Salim Marwan Nafea Irny Suzila Ishak Abdul Majid Soomro Nor Masharah Husain Nur Intan Raihana Ruhaiyem Nik Zulkarnaen Khidzir Nadilah Mohd Ralim Kavikumar Jacob Fawad Salam Khan Muhammad Abdulrazaaq Thanoon Mohammad Jassim Mohammad Muazam Ali  
   
  Misurata University, Libya ATME College of Engineering, Libya Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Tenaga Nasional, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur Malaysian Institute of Information Technology, Malaysia Asia Pacific University of Technology & Innovation, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Ministry of Higher Education, Malaysia University of Malaya, Malaysia Universiti Malaysia Sarawak, Malaysia Universiti Tenaga Nasional, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Albukhary International University, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussain Onn Malaysia, Malaysia University College TATI, Malaysia University College TATI, Malaysia Politeknik Mersing, Malaysia Tunku Abdul Rahman University of Management and Technology, Malaysia International Islamic University Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Selangor, Malaysia Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur British Malaysian Institute, Malaysia University of Nottingham Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Selangor, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Pendidikan Sultan Idris, Malaysia Universiti Sains Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Malaysia Kelantan, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Khairol Amali Ahmad Juliana Aida Abu Bakar Mohd Nizam Omar Waqas Ahmed Shakiroh Khamis Habiba Akter Noris Mohd Norowi Siti Munirah Mohd Sulaiman Mahzan Shahidatul Arfah Baharudin Pantea Keikhosrokiani Renugah Rengasamy Khalid Hussain Massudi Mahmuddin Mahmood Abdullah Bazel Masitah Ghazali Norhanisha Yusof Saiful Bakhtiar Osman Azliza Mohd Ali Norhasyimatul Naquiah Ghazali Yusmadi Yah Jusoh Jasni Ahmad Azlin Nordin Abdullah Al-Sakkaf Kamsiah Mohamed Mudiana Mokhsin Suhaimi Abd-Latif Sani Salisu Ijaz Ahmad Ghaith Abdulsattar Al-Kubaisi Qamar Ul Islam Abdulrazak F. Shahatha Al-Mashhadani Muhammad Kashif Shaikh Mir Jamal Ud Din Najia Saher Tasneem Mohammad Ameen Duridi  
   
  xi  
   
  Universiti Pertahanan Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Universiti Putra Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Sains Islam Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Universiti Sains Malaysia, Malaysia Social Institute of Malaysia, Malaysia Albukhary International University, Malaysia Unversiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Unversiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Malaysia-Japan International Institute of Technology, Malaysia Politeknik Balik Pulau, Malaysia PNB Commercial Sdn. Berhad, Malaysia Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia International Islamic University Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Selangor, Malaysia Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia Otago Polytechnic, New Zealand Federal University Dutse, Nigeria Majan University College, Oman University of Technology and Applied Sciences, Oman Dhofar University, Oman Sohar University, Oman Sir Syed University of Engineering and Technology, Pakistan Abbottabad University of Science & Technology, Pakistan Islamia University Bahawalpur, Pakistan Palestine Technical University, Palestine  
   
  xii  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Krzysztof Marian Tomiczek Abdullah Hussein Al-Ghushami Abayomi Abdultaofeek Fathima Musfira Ameer Mohammed Ahmed Taiye Sasalak Tongkaw Abdulfattah Esmail Hasan Abdullah Ba Alawi Mehmet Nergiz Huseyin First Ismail Rakip Karas Mehmet Sirac Ozerdem Evi Indriasari Mansor Hamzah Alaidaros Munya Saleh Ba Matraf Abdullah Almogahed Abdulaziz Yahya Yahya Al-Nahari Ridhima Rani Hani Mizhir Magid Rohaida Romli Shaymah Akram Yasear Mohd Hafizul Afifi Abdullah  
   
  Silesian University of Technology, Poland Community College of Qatar, Qatar Mangosuthu University of Technology, South Africa South Eastern University of Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka Linnaeus University, Sweden Songkhla Rajabhat University, Thailand Ataturk University, Turkey Dicle University, Turkey Dicle University, Turkey Karabuk University, Turkey Dicle University, Turkey Abu Dhabi School of Management, UAE Al-Ahgaff University, Yemen Hadhramout University, Yemen Taiz University, Yemen UNITAR International University, Malaysia Chitkara University, India Al Furat Al Awsat Technical University, Iraq Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Al-Qasim Green University, Iraq Universiti Teknologi Petronas, Malaysia  
   
  Contents – Part I  
   
  Ensuring Cybersecurity and Privacy Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies: A Case Study in Jakarta Smart City . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . R. G. Guntur Alam, Huda Ibrahim, and Ismail Rakip Karas Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines: Techniques, Challenges, Current Trends, and Future Prospects . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Asadullah Al Galib, Md Humaion Kabir Mehedi, Ehsanur Rahman Rhythm, and Annajiat Alim Rasel Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems with Integrity Check . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Norliza Katuk, Mohd Hasbullah Omar, Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Pozi, and Ekaterina Chzhan Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society: Security Challenges and Proposed Approach . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Norshakinah Md Nasir, Khuzairi Mohd Zaini, Suhaidi Hassan, and Noradila Nordin  
   
  3  
   
  17  
   
  30  
   
  44  
   
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mochamad Azkal Azkiya Aziz, Basheer Riskhan, Nur Haryani Zakaria, and Mohamad Nazim Jambli  
   
  58  
   
  Remote Public Data Auditing to Secure Cloud Storage . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Muhammad Farooq and Osman Ghazali  
   
  70  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods and Tools for Mitigating Potential Attacks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mujeeb ur Rehman, Rehan Akbar, Mazni Omar, and Abdul Rehman Gilal  
   
  80  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System in Network Security . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Guntoro Guntoro and Mohd. Nizam Bin Omar  
   
  96  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System for Wireless Sensor Networks: Challenges, Solutions, and Future Directions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 108 Noradila Nordin and Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Pozi  
   
  xiv  
   
  Contents – Part I  
   
  Digital Media and Information Literacy A Feature-Based Optimization Approach for Fake News Detection on Social Media Using K-Means Clustering . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 125 Farzana Kabir Ahmad, Siti Sakira Kamaruddin, Adnan Hussein Ali, and Farah Lia Ibrahim Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 137 Abdullah Habberrih and Mustafa Ali Abuzaraida Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends: A Bibliometric Analysis of E-Participation Through Social Media . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 154 Hapini Awang, Nur Suhaili Mansor, Maslinda Mohd Nadzir, Osman Ghazali, Abderrahmane Benlahcene, Fadhilah Mat Yamin, Isyaku Uba Haruna, Shakiroh Khamis, and Abdulrazak F. Shahatha Al-Mashhadani Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis on Addressing the Vanishing Gradient Issue in Deep Neural Networks for Text Data . . . . . . . . . 168 Shakirat Oluwatosin Haroon-Sulyman, Mohammed Ahmed Taiye, Siti Sakira Kamaruddin, and Farzana Kabir Ahmad A Test Dataset of Offensive Malay Language by a Cyberbullying Detection Model on Instagram Using Support Vector Machine . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 182 Nurulhuda Ismail, David Enrique Losada, and Rahayu Ahmad TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 193 Juhaida Abu Bakar, Nur Azmielia Muhammad Sharimi, Mohd Azrul Edzwan Shahril, Nur Syafiqah Azmi, Nor Hazlyna Harun, Hapini Awang, and Nur Syafiqah Abu Bakar Navigating AI Development and Deployment A Video Summarization Method for Movie Trailer-Genre Classification Based on Emotion Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 209 Wan En Ng, Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Pozi, Mohd Hasbullah Omar, Norliza Katuk, and Abdul Rafiez Abdul Raziff E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning for Food Safety Application . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 221 Wan Nur Fadhlina Syamimi Wan Azman, Ku Nurul Fazira binti Ku Azir, and Adam bin Mohd Khairuddin  
   
  Contents – Part I  
   
  xv  
   
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches in Routing Protocols for Low Power and Lossy Networks: A Fuzzy Logic-Based Perspective . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 235 Laila Al-Qaisi, Suhaidi Hassan, and Nur Haryani Zakaria An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy Using a Derived Rule from the Holy Quran Verses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 248 Ghaith Abdulsattar A. Jabbar Alkubaisi, Siti Sakira Kamruddin, and Husniza Husni Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines: Causes, Risk Mitigations, and Real Time Consequences of Failure – A Comprehensive Review . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 260 Tarwan Kumar Khatri, Manzoor Ahmed Hashmani, Hasmi Taib, Nasir Abdullah, and Lukman Ab. Rahim Data Analytics Modelling System for Short Courses at Seberang Jaya Community College . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 274 Zuriana Zamberi and Nur Intan Raihana Ruhaiyem Examining the Software Developers’ Perception in Open-Source Software of Blockchain Project Using Association Rules Mining . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 287 Alawiyah Abd Wahab, Huda Hj. Ibrahim, Shehu M. SarkinTudu, and Bilyaminu A. Romo Support Vector Machine for Satellite Images Classification Using Radial Basis Function Kernel Method . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 301 Nur Suhaili Mansor, Hapini Awang, Sarkin Tudu Shehu Malami, Amirulikhsan Zolkafli, Mohammed Ahmed Taiye, and Hanhan Maulana Harnessing Technology for Sustainable Development A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework for Software Sustainability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 315 Bakr Ba-Quttayyan, Haslina Mohd, and Yuhanis Yusof Towards a Sustainable Digital Society: Supporting Producer Mobility in Named Data Networking Through Immobile Anchor-Based Mechanism . . . . 330 Ahmad Abrar, Khuzairi Mohd Zaini, Ahmad Suki Che Mohamed Arif, and Mohd Hasbullah Omar Enabling a Sustainable and Inclusive Digital Future with Proactive Producer Mobility Management Mechanism in Named Data Networking . . . . . . 343 Nurul Hidayah Ahmad Zukri, Ahmad Suki Che Mohamed Arif, Mohammed AlSamman, and Ahmad Abrar  
   
  xvi  
   
  Contents – Part I  
   
  The Recent Trends of Research on GitHub Copilot: A Systematic Review . . . . . 355 Zhamri Che Ani, Zauridah Abdul Hamid, and Nur Nazifa Zhamri Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review . . . . . . . . . . . 367 Mohammed Alsamman, Suhaidi Hassan, Fathey Mohammed, and Yousef Fazea A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation: A Malaysian Perspective . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 380 Syamsul Bahrin Zaibon, Asmidah Alwi, Ahmad Hisham Zainal Abidin, Adzrool Idzwan Ismail, Nur Kareelawati Abd Karim, and Shamsul Arrieya Ariffin Author Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 395  
   
  Contents – Part II  
   
  Digital Healthcare and Well-Being Air Quality Index Prediction Using Support Vector Regression Based on African Buffalo Optimization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Yuhanis Yusof and Inusa Sani Maijama’a The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals: A Pilot Study . . . . . Mahmood A. Bazel, Mazida Ahmad, Fathey Mohammed, Nabil Hasan Al-Kumaim, Wasef Mater, and Azman Yasin Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity Towards Secure Intention Behavior in Online Game Addiction Among Adolescents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Wan Mohd Yusoff Wan Yaacob, Nur Haryani Zakaria, and Zahurin Mat Aji Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care for Mobile Virtual Consultation . . . Ahmad Hanis Mohd Shabli, Noorulsadiqin Azbiya Yaacob, and Noor Rafhati Adyani Abdullah  
   
  3  
   
  15  
   
  30  
   
  43  
   
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets: Leveraging TensorFlow and Keras for Novel Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Yaser Mohammed Al-Hamzi and Shamsul Bin Sahibuddin  
   
  56  
   
  Eye-Tracking Usability Data of BacaDisleksia for an Informed Dyslexia-Friendly Design Decision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Husniza Husni, Nurul Ida Syaheera Mohd Nasri, and Mohamed Ali Saip  
   
  69  
   
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model for Identifying ADHD Based on Integrating Brain Atlases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dalia A. Al-Ubaidi, Azurah A. Samah, and Mahdi Jasim  
   
  81  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy Fundus Image for Eye Care Facilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Nurul Atikah Mohd Sharif, Nor Hazlyna Harun, Nur Azmielia Muhammad Sharimi, Juhaida Abu Bakar, Hapini Awang, and Zunaina Embong  
   
  95  
   
  xviii  
   
  Contents – Part II  
   
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It via Mobile Application . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 110 Masitah Ghazali, Nur Zuraifah Syazrah Othman, Zatul Alwani Shaffiei, Suriati Sadimon, Zuraini Ali Shah, and Zuriahati Mohd Yunos Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 123 Nur Farah Amalina Azmi, Mohamed Ali Saip, and Husniza Husni Education Transformation Through Technology University Student Dashboard: Enhancing Student Trend Analysis and Decision-Making Processes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 139 Teh Soon Li, Mohamad Sabri bin Sinal, Mazni Omar, and Muhammad Nur Adilin bin Mohamad Anuardi Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education: A Pilot Evaluation of a Malware Awareness Program for College Students . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 154 Norliza Katuk, Nur A.’ fyfah Zaimy, Suren Krishnan, Raj Kumar Kunhiraman, Hwee-Hsiung Lee, and Derar Eleyan Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision in Intelligent Tutoring Systems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 168 Nur Hafiza Jamaludin and Rohaida Romli Unlocking the Potential of Enhancing User Experience in Portal GREaT: Cultivating Great Ideas Through Brainwriting Method . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 180 Fauziah Baharom, Rohaida Romli, Wan Hussain Wan Ishak, Haslina Mohd, Yuhanis Yusof, Mohamed Ali Saip, Osman Ghazali, Rahayu Ahmad, Mohd Hasbullah Omar, Suzilah Ismail, Juhaida Abu Bakar, and Salwati Badroddin The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects Using Design Thinking Approach in Rural Schools in Kedah, Malaysia: A Smart Farming Project . . . . . 190 Suwannit Chareen Chit, Ahmad Hanis Mohd Shabli, and Massudi Mahmuddin Enhancing Supervisor Response Time: An Exploration of the Social Representation Theory of Shame in ELISTA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 204 Jefri Marzal, Edi Elisa, Pradita Eko Prasetyo Utomo, and Suwannit Chareen Chit Early Detection of School Disengagement Using MyBuddy Application . . . . . . . 217 Noraziah ChePa, Ahmad Hanis Mohd Shabli, Azizi Ab Aziz, Wan Hussain Wan Ishak, and Laura Lim Sei Yi  
   
  Contents – Part II  
   
  xix  
   
  Digital Entrepreneurship and Innovation E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution: A Preliminary Investigation Framework . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 231 Siti Sakira Kamruddin, Farzana Kabir Ahmad, Alawiyah Abd Wahab, Zahurin Mat Aji, and Noradila Nordin Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . 244 Brandon Chua Choon Kit and Nor Farzana Abd Ghani Improving Rice Yield Prediction Accuracy Using Regression Models with Climate Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 258 Mohamad Farhan Mohamad Mohsin, Muhammad Khalifa Umana, Mohamad Ghozali Hassan, Kamal Imran Mohd Sharif, Mohd Azril Ismail, Khazainani Salleh, Suhaili Mohd Zahari, Mimi Adilla Sarmani, and Neil Gordon The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women in E-Hailing Apps Adoption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 268 Karrar Ali Abdullah and Musyrifah Mahmod Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System for Managing Housing Application . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 282 Asvinitha Muniandy, Mazida Ahmad, and Mohamad Adli Desa A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchasing Behavior: Malaysian Consumer Perspective . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 296 Nurul Ain Mustakim, Shuzlina Abdul-Rahman, Maslina Abdul Aziz, and Zuhairah Hasan The Effects of Perceived Usefulness and Perceived Ease of Use on Intention to Use ICT Services Among Agribusiness Practitioners in Somalia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 309 Husein Osman Abdullahi and Murni Mahmud Adoption of Machine Learning by Rural Farms: A Systematic Review . . . . . . . . 324 Sayed Abdul Majid Gilani, Ansarullah Tantry, Soumaya Askri, Liza Gernal, Rommel Sergio, and Leonardo Jose Mataruna-Dos-Santos Estate Planning Model for Sustaining Economic Values of Digital Assets . . . . . . 336 Norliza Katuk, Peck-Yong Tey, Mohamad Sabri Sinal, Wan Aida Nadia Wan Abdullah, Norazlina Abd Wahab, Erik Kurniadi, and Heru Budianto Author Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 351  
   
  Ensuring Cybersecurity and Privacy  
   
  Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies: A Case Study in Jakarta Smart City R. G. Guntur Alam1(B) , Huda Ibrahim2  
   
  , and Ismail Rakip Karas3  
   
  1 Sistem Informasi, Fakultas Teknik, Universitas Muhammadiyah Bengkulu, Bengkulu,  
   
  Indonesia [email protected]  2 School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia 3 Computer Engineering Department, Demir Celik Campus, 78050 Karabuk, Turkey  
   
  Abstract. Information Security Governance has become one of the main focus areas of government management because of its importance in protecting the overall information assets of government organizations. The Cybersecurity Governance Framework that is applied in the government environment should ideally follow the flow of government management and bureaucracy. Government management and bureaucracy directives are usually interpreted, disseminated, and implemented through a series of policies related to cybersecurity. Policies should ideally be implemented from the policy-making level to the operational level, where they are eventually being implemented. Implementing cybersecurity will involve many stakeholders which are regulated by rules and regulations. This study reports on follow-up and interviews of key actors/informants in Jakarta Smart City (JSC). Initial experience shows that the implementation of cyber security in JSC must follow the flow of the prevailing government bureaucracy. Three factors were involved in implementing bureaucracy-based cybersecurity: Legal Fundamental for Cybersecurity Management, Security Management, and Cybersecurity Stakeholders. Keywords: Information Security · Security management · Security Framework · Security Bureaucracy  
   
  1 Introduction At the beginning of the twenty-first century, cyber-based threats added a new dimension to understanding security threats from the previous century. Advances in information and communication technology (ICT), especially those based on the internet, have led almost everyone to utilize and use it in various ways. This implies that both governmental and non-governmental entities possess the capability to pose threats to network disruption, as attributing actions in cyberspace to specific perpetrators be-comes challenging, especially when actions occurring in one location can have worldwide consequences [1]. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 3–16, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_1  
   
  4  
   
  R. G. Guntur Alam et al.  
   
  The advent of a wave of information and communication technology transformation is a viable choice for providing excellent service to city people [2]. Techno-logical developments have driven expansion in the provision of innovative offerings by individuals and groups to ensure the growth of smart cities. In general, Information Technology is changing our daily life and trans-forming the city into a smart and sustainable way to make the economy, environment, quality of life, control, and express the city more efficient and effective. The operation and implementation of a smart city relies heavily on cloud computing that provides storage and delivering all information. Cloud computing is not only a source of information but also a place to store data and a place for users to connect; simultaneously, a huge security risk is unavoidable [3]. According to [4] cybersecurity in smart cities is determined by three actors: people, process, and technology as below: 1. People - refer to people with a smart vision and a relationship with smart cities as users, policymakers, planners, and service providers. 2. Process - about value systems and behavioral guidelines that support the implementation of cybersecurity in smart cities, including multi-stakeholder partnerships, regulations, and policies that are in line with local wisdom from the local area. 3. Technology - focuses on cybersecurity technology infrastructure, includes cloud computing infrastructure, internet of things (IoT), machine to machine (M2M), and various application services provided by smart cities. In general, all national cyber security policies aim to defend cyberspace from enemies while at the same time developing cyber resilience. However, the topography of cyber threats, the socio-political situation, security trends, traditions, and different levels of cyber awareness have led to significant differences in the cybersecurity tactics of different countries [5]. Although in general the goal of cyber security in various countries is the same to protect the cyber world from adversaries, many cyber security implementations experience different problems, fail to fulfill their objectives, and are not implemented properly, especially in developing countries [6]. [7] identify that regulatory factors, policy and legal issues, organizational structure, Cooperation, and local wisdom values cause the failure of cybersecurity implementation. Therefore, this study will explore indepth the cybersecurity challenges in smart cities and the fac-tors involved. This study uses Actor-Network Theory [8] as a theoretical lens to explore phenomena in actor collaboration in networks involving humans and non-humans. The actor-network theory (ANT) is reviewed in the following section.  
   
  2 Theory Review Actor-Network Theory (ANT) is an interdisciplinary theory spanning social science and technology created in the 1980s by Callon and Latour to analyze and understand numerous sorts of events [9]. According to [10], ANT is defined by three main principles: general symmetry (researchers are dedicated to treating hu-mans and non-humans equally), agnosticism (not siding with humans or non-humans), and free association (not separating humans and non-humans). As a result, ANT researchers must consider  
   
  Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies  
   
  5  
   
  both human and non-human agents, analyze them from the same perspective, and treat them equally [11]. The moment of translation from the ANT viewpoint is frequently employed as a theoretical lens in information system studies [13]. ANT views humans and non-humans (such as data storage, concepts, papers, technology, or anything similar) as actors [9]. The purpose of the ANT deliberation on non-human actors is to study the potential and constraints of non-human actors’ engagement in certain situations [14]. Technology cannot be separated from its social aspect therefore, the use of ANT is crucial in exploring the phenomenon of cybersecurity networks in Smart cities because smart cities involve information technology and social elements simultaneously as a heterogeneous socio-technical system [12].  
   
  3 Research Method This research uses an interpretive case study based on ANT elements to explore indepth the cybersecurity challenges in the smart city of Jakarta and the factors involved. Interpretive case studies are qualitative research that can be descriptive, interpretive, or evaluative used as an examination of certain phenomena, such as programs, events, processes, institutions, or social groups [20]. The philosophy of critical realism frames this research. Critical realism must go below the surface to understand and explain why things happen the way they are and speculate about the structures and mechanisms that underpin observed social events [15]. This research is a type of study that looks back at social phenomena, asks questions about their reality, and finds new sets of answers. The concern behind this research is to find out how the situation, obstacles, challenges, and elements in cyber security aspects in Jakarta Smart City (JSC). Many factors or actors are involved, potentially from elements of people, technology, processes, policies, finance, and many more. A case study approach was used to collect data for this study, and an informal and semi-structured interview style was used. This method is adaptable as it allows the researcher to ask additional questions during and after the interview [21]. The main objective of this interview is to identify human and non-human elements in implementing cyber security in smart cities in Indonesia. The unit of analysis in this research is the network actor who implements cyber security in JSC. In analyzing the data, this study uses the concept of template analysis, which requires the researcher to create a list of codes (templates) that represent the themes identified in the textual data [22].  
   
  4 ANT Based Framework ANT is rich in concepts and elements to support Information System research in understanding the evaluation or planning of new IS projects based on a network of various human and non-human actors. Based on the elements of ANT, this study presents the framework for achieving the objectives of this research (see Fig. 1). The framework developed based on ANT translation moments that represent interactions between actors. It focuses more on mutual determination between actors when they communicate. The translation involves a process of change that follows four moments,  
   
  6  
   
  R. G. Guntur Alam et al.  
   
  namely (a) problematization, (b) intervention, (c) enrolment, and (d) mobilization. Problematization requires the identification of actors and the establishment of OPP. Problematization involves i) identifying the issue or problem, ii) recognizing various actors through punctualized actors, iii) identifying the interests and roles of each actor, iv) determining the OPP, and v) identifying potential obstacles towards achieving the OPP.  
   
  ISSUE PUNCTUALISED ACTOR / ACTORS  
   
  INTEREST  
   
  ANT Translation Process  
   
  OPP  
   
  Key Issues Regarding the Application of Cybersecurity in the Smart City Context  
   
  OBSTACLE  
   
  INTERRESSEMENT (Instrument Required) ENROLEMENT (Strategy Needs) MOBILIZATION (Instrument and Strategies used)  
   
  Fig. 1. Framework utilizing Actor-Network Theory for the examination of cybersecurity implementation network within JSC.  
   
  The following translation is the moment of interressment, to convince other actors to accept the role given by the main actor through the creation of an interressment mechanism. The next moment is enrolment, about determining a series of strategies as an actor-focused effort to define and connect various roles that allow other actors to accept the role assigned by the main actor. Mobilization is the last stage of translation, which includes the use of various methods by the focal actor to ensure that representatives or spokespersons of all actors act following the agreement and do not betray the proponent’s interests.  
   
  Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies  
   
  7  
   
  5 Punctualization in Actor Networks Before analyzing the following section regarding the inhibiting and supporting fac-tors for the cybersecurity implementation by the four translational moments, it is necessary to describe the network actors in the cybersecurity implementation in JSC. Therefore, this section will begin with the punctualization of opening each black box actor or punctualized actor by enlarging each black box and explaining its contents. The concept of punctualization allows the conversion of the entire network to a single point [16]. This concept helps reduce the complexity of the actor-network or enlarge it for deeper and more detailed investigations [19]. This research follows the main actors in the network of cybersecurity actors: the Director of JSC, The Special Capital Region (DKI) Jakarta Province Communication Informatics and Statistics Agency, and the Operational Executing Unit. The concept of punctualization presents the reasons and details for selecting actors in the following sections. 5.1 The Punctualized Actor of the Director of Jakarta Smart City The Director of Jakarta Smart City performs the JSC system’s planning, and management, as regulated in DKI Jakarta Governor Regulation Number 280 of 2014. Therefore, the Director of the JSC has sufficient authority to establish and develop the JSC. In 2020, through the Decree of the Governor of DKI Jakarta Number 17 of 2020, JSC was designated as a technical implementing unit that implements the Financial Management Pattern of Regional Public Service Agencies (BULD). With the change of status to BLUD, JSC has more flexibility in managing finances without relying on the Regional Revenue and Expenditure Budget (APBD) and has the authority to establish partnerships to serve interests. Since turning into a BLUD, the initiator of JSC is the Director of JSC. Therefore, the Director of JSC can be identified as the main actor in this project. As the main actor, the JSC director is responsible for coordinating all the actors in JSC. The first responsibility is to lead and coordinate the executors of tasks under him. Regarding cybersecurity, the JSC director leads the entire task force to work closely together to ensure that all Jakarta’s data and information technology infrastructure is secure. Second, to coordinate and establish Cooperation with other parties from government and private institutions to smooth JSC management. Third, report and account for all tasks at JSC. The Director of JSC is fully aware that to achieve good cybersecurity management. It is necessary to comply with applicable standards, regulations, and rules. Standardization, Regulation, and Rules can be categorized into non-human actors (processes). Rules and regulations become the foundation for focal actors to mobilize other actors, such as people and technology. In short, the focal actor must associate with other actors, namely processes, people, and technology, to motivate or compel the relevant actors to enroll in the cybersecurity implementation actor-network. The JSC director can be defined as the main actor in the actor-network. The process is used as the basis and rule to mobilize the people in managing the technology to implement cyber security in JSC.  
   
  8  
   
  R. G. Guntur Alam et al.  
   
  5.2 The Punctualized Actor of the DKI Jakarta Province Communication, Informatics, and Statistics Agency The DKI Jakarta Province Communication, Informatics, and Statistics Agency is the agency that regulates matters of communication, informatics, statistics, and coding. In carrying out its duties, this institution is led by a head of service who is under and responsible to the governor through the regional secretary (DKI Jakarta governor regulation No. 265/2016). The functions of this institution include: a. Prepare strategic plans, work plans, and budgets for the DKI Jakarta Provincial Communication Information and Statistics agency. b. Develop and formulate communication, informatics, statistics, and coding policies. c. Develop norms, standards, procedures, and criteria in communication, informatics, statistics, and coding. d. Provide technical guidance, supervision, monitoring, evaluation, and reporting on all activities, communications, informatics, statistics, and coding. The agency has five areas, three secretarial divisions, and four technical service units. One of the technical service units is JSC (DKI Jakarta Governor Regulation No. 265/2016). In carrying out his duties, the director of JSC must comply with the regulations and policies that have been set and be responsible to the DKI Jakarta Provincial Communication Information and Statistics agency. In the eyes of the focal actor (director of JSC), the DKI Jakarta Provincial Communication Information and Statistics Agency is seen as a potential actor in cyber security implementation, therefore it is registered in the main actor-network. When this actor is zoomed in, it is seen that the agency has a role as a policymaker, coordinator of cyber security implementation, and governance. However, cybersecurity implementation at JSC is entirely the responsibility of the JSC director. At this point, it can be concluded that this network of actors consists of: (1) the DKI Jakarta Provincial Communication Information and Statistics Agency, which plays a role in formulating rules, regulations, and standards for the successful implementation of cyber security, (2) Rules, regulations, and standards that is a non-human actor who becomes the reference for the focus actor (JSC director) in carrying out his duties. 5.3 The Punctualized Actor of the Operational Executing Unit In carrying out his activities, the main actor (JSC director) cannot do all the work alone. The Director of JSC needs people who can assist him in carrying out his work. Based on DKI Jakarta Government Regulation Number 280 of 2014, the director of JSC was assisted by: a. b. c. d.  
   
  Administration Subdivision Planning, Research and Development Implementing Unit Operational implementing unit Functional position subgroup  
   
  Of the four sections above, those directly related to cybersecurity are the operational implementing unit. The duties of the Operational Implementing Unit according to DKI Jakarta Government Regulation Number 280 of 2014 related to cyber security, include:  
   
  Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies  
   
  9  
   
  a. Develop standards and operational procedures for the implementation of JSC’s information technology facilities and infrastructure. b. Prepare plans for procurement and maintenance of JSC informatics facilities and infrastructure. c. Carry out the process of providing, maintaining, and maintaining JSC’s information technology infrastructure and facilities. d. Monitor and evaluate the availability of the feasibility and readiness of JSC information technology infrastructure and facilities. e. Implement JSC information technology management f. Manage the JSC system/application and its infrastructure. g. Collect, process, present, develop, and report data and information related to JSC. From the explanation above, it is concluded that this network of actors consists of: (1) Operational Implementing Unit whose task is to assist the main actors in planning, implementing, and reporting for the successful implementation of cyber security, (2) rules, regulations, and standards which are non-humans actors become the foundation of this actor-network to work, and (3) technology that is the work object of this actornetwork. The details of each punctualized actor are summarized in Table 1. Table 1. Overview of the punctualized actor in cybersecurity implementation Puctualized Actor  
   
  Actors  
   
  Interest  
   
  Obstacle  
   
  Director of JSC  
   
  Element of Process, People, Technology  
   
  - Flexibility in budgets and collaboration - Freedom of governance for smart city development  
   
  The DKI Jakarta Province Communication, Informatics and Statistics Agency  
   
  Element of Process  
   
  The Operational Executing Unit  
   
  People, Technology  
   
  - Negotiate, motivate, coordinate and then work with other punctulized actors - Initiation, implementation, monitoring and evaluation of cybersecurity - Prepare rules, regulations, and standards for the successful implementation of cybersecurity - Leadership in cybersecurity implementation - Implementing cyber security for public services in Jakarta Smart City - Improve cybersecurity in public services  
   
  Must be assisted by other units to carry out the functions assigned by the governor  
   
  Work according to the rules, regulations, and direction of the leadership  
   
  10  
   
  R. G. Guntur Alam et al.  
   
  6 Setting Up Obligatory Passage Points Obligatory Passage Point (OPP) refers to motivating actors to accept tasks and functions by focused actors who show interest and explain how the functions and tasks can help achieve their interests. However, in carrying out their duties, functions, and personal interests, all actors must overcome a series of obstacles [18]. Different actors have to deal with different problems. In the cyber security actor-network, all the main actors have their interests and constraints. The details of the punctualized actors in the network shown in Table 1 can be illustrated with the following OOP diagram (see Fig. 2).  
   
  Actors  
   
  OPP/ Obstacles  
   
  The DKI Jakarta Province Communication, Informatics, and Statistics Agency  
   
  Director of JSC  
   
  - Flexibility in budgets and collaboration - Freedom of governance for smart city development - Must be assisted by other units to carry out the functions assigned by the governor. - Work according to the rules, regulations, and direction of the leadership  
   
  Creating success cybersecurity for public services in Ja-  
   
  Goal & Interest  
   
  - Initiation, implementation, monitoring and evaluation of cybersecurity. - Negotiate, motivate, coordinate, and then work with other punctualized actors.  
   
  Operational Executing Unit  
   
  -  
   
  -  
   
  Prepare rules, regulations, and standards for the successful implementation of cybersecurity. Leadership in cybersecurity implementation  
   
  - Implementing cyber security for public services in Jakarta Smart City - Improve cybersecurity in public services.  
   
  Fig. 2. The OPP of Actor-Network of cybersecurity in JSC  
   
  Figure 2 shows, first, the actor-network contains three main actors as previously described, (i) Director of JSC, (ii) The DKI Jakarta Provincial Communication Information and Statistics Agency, and (iii) Operational Executing Unit. Second, from the point of view of the focus actor, OPP is to create cybersecurity public services in JSC. Third, in achieving OPP, all actors will have their own interests. The JSC Director will carry out his functions in initiating, implementing, monitoring, and evaluating cybersecurity. The DKI Jakarta Provincial Communication Information and Statistics Agency will control cyber security in Jakarta, and the Operational Implementation Unit can improve cyber security in public services in Jakarta. Fourth, achieving this OPP will not be easy because each actor must overcome obstacles. The DKI Jakarta Provincial Communication Information and Statistics Agency cannot implement cybersecurity alone, so it involves other units to implement it. The Operational Implementing Unit cannot freely carry out its  
   
  Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies  
   
  11  
   
  duties. It must comply with the leadership’s, rules, regulations, and direction. Finally, if all the actors can overcome the obstacles, they will benefit as determined, and the actor-network mission will be complete. This OPP cannot perfectly unite all actors in the translation process, which results in the actor network’s mission not being fully completed. The imperfections in completing the mission of the actor-network will be analyzed to find the factors that support and hinder the completion of the mission of the actor-network.  
   
  7 Interessement Moment In the problematization process, the actors involved agreed to be included in the network. In practice, it is not guaranteed that they are all consistent in the network of actors, some of whom may think they are not worthy of joining because of their identity. Therefore, it takes a second moment, namely interressement. Several tools were used to establish a balance of power that favored each actor in overcoming obstacles to passing the OPP. Referring to the network of cyber security actors at JSC, the instruments needed for the moment of interest are standardizations, Standard Operating Procedures, Laws and regulations, policies, and leader instructions. Standardization is an instrument needed by non-human actors, especially in electronic systems for public services. It acts as a liaison between the focus actor and other actors and helps the focus actor in coercing and controlling other actors to perform the required activities in the actor network. Standard Operating Procedures are necessary tools for human and non-human actors, especially in software and hardware maintenance. If the network actor does not have this device, there is no good communication between the security system, hardware, and users. In other words, this device can help non-human actors to have a universal language to interact or communicate in the actor-network. Laws and regulations are other significant instruments needed by a network of actors. Laws and regulations are the main handle of the focus actor (JSC Director) to lock all human actors in position. Like laws and regulations, policies are another crucial instrument a network of actors needs. Policies are very effective to use in imposing the interests of various actors in the network. Lead instruction is another tool used to conduct the interessement of several actors in the network.  
   
  8 Enrollment Moment Enrollment is the third moment of translation, which refers to a set of strategies as actorfocused efforts to define and link various roles that allow other actors to be enrolled. This process relates to the transforming or moving intangible things such as ideas, concepts, and plans into something tangible in the real world [17]. The analysis of enrollment moments in this study is summarized in Table 2.  
   
  12  
   
  R. G. Guntur Alam et al. Table 2. Enrollment process summary Enrollment Moment Process Aspect  
   
  People Aspect  
   
  Technology Aspect  
   
  Governance Aspect  
   
  ISSUE  
   
  A need for legal basic of cyber security development  
   
  People is the weakest link in the context of cybersecurity  
   
  Rapid technology is accompanied by increased risk of cybercrime interest  
   
  Regional Leaders determine information security governance  
   
  ACTORS  
   
  - Director of JSC - The DKI Jakarta Province Communication, Informatics, and Statistics Agency  
   
  - Director of JSC - The DKI Jakarta Province Communication, Informatics, and Statistics Agency - Operational Executing  
   
  - Director of JSC - The DKI Jakarta Province Communication, Informatics, and Statistics Agency - Operational Executing  
   
  - Director of JSC - The DKI Jakarta Province Communication, Informatics, and Statistics Agency  
   
  INTEREST  
   
  Align all actors’ interests in procuring cybersecurity needs at JSC  
   
  - Maintaining the stability of the actor network  
   
  Negotiate with actors regarding security optimization  
   
  Providing cybersecurity governance solutions  
   
  OPP  
   
  Availability of legal basis for procurement of cyber security development needs  
   
  Creating a stable actors-network in aligning the interests of each actor  
   
  Availability of security devices in accordance to technological developments  
   
  Availability of references for the cybersecurity governance  
   
  OBSTACLES  
   
  - Cybersecurity management must refer to applicable laws and regulations - Cybersecurity in smart cities is still not considered a priority  
   
  Awareness Ego Sectoral Leadership Commitment Knowledge Habit and Behaviour  
   
  Limited budget for Procurement of security devices Security technology devices have not embraced cyber security by design  
   
  National cyber security governance master plan has not been developed  
   
  INTERESMENT MECHANISM  
   
  Instrument Used: - Presidential Regulation Number 95 of 2018 - Ministerial Regulation Number 4 of 2016  
   
  Instrument Used: Standardization Law and regulations Policy SOP Leader Instructions  
   
  Instrument Used: Standardization Law and regulations Policy SOP Leader Instructions  
   
  Instrument Used: Standardization Law and regulations Policy SOP Leader Instructions  
   
  ENROLLMENT MECHANISHM  
   
  Strategy Taken: -Conduct a study to establish the legal basis for the procurement of cyber security development needs -Include security in procurement as needed  
   
  Strategy Taken: Digital literacy Applying the consequences of laws and regulations Update knowledge regularly Socialize the risk security Automated periodic password changes  
   
  Strategy Taken: Conduct Proof of concept (POC) to negotiate with actors in the network to provide an understanding of how a security technology product can be used optimally  
   
  Strategy Taken: Provide own team to ensure the system built is safe and in accordance with the rules  
   
  Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies  
   
  13  
   
  9 Mobilization Moment Mobilization includes the use of various methods by the focal actor to ensure that representatives or spokespersons of all actors’ act under the agreement and do not betray the interests of the proponent. The following section describes the existence of several actors that remained stable during the mobilization of the JSC cybersecurity network. 9.1 Legal Fundamental of Cybersecurity Actor Network To keep all actors aligned for a certain period on the interests of actor focus, controlling all activities of human and non-human actors is necessary. Control can only be carried out based on existing laws and regulations or other considerations that do not conflict with the rules. In the network of actors at JSC, the main actors have the freedom to determine policies in security governance. This policy setting aims to define in detail the policies used to control the implementation of security, from defining security requirements, implementing security to measuring security maturity. In deriving policies, the focused actor (director of JSC) should consider the purpose of establishing the JSC to align the policies made with the objectives of the JSC. 9.2 Security Policy Control To mobilize the network, the main actors must comply with the central government’s rules, regulations, and compliance requirements. The rules and regulations the central government set are usually general. To be implemented following the objectives of the JSC, the main actors must reduce these rules to policies that are directly related to security. Security policy control is under guard by the fundamentals of security management in a policy framework. Security standards and policies generated from general laws and regulations are part of the security framework, whereas security requirements are formed from compliance requirements. It can be concluded that security policy control is a security framework that includes security policies, security standards, and security requirements. 9.3 Security Implementation Control Security implementation involves three components, namely people, technology, and process. Human resource managers and policymakers are part of the people. Policies, protocols, and guidelines that create a protective environment for safeguarding systems and data are process. While technology consists of hardware and software to protect systems and data from external and internal threats. Security implementation control in the people aspect, as explained in the enrollment moment is the main actor, focuses on overcoming problems related to awareness, sectoral ego, knowledge, leadership commitment, and the behavior of actors in the network. From the technological aspect, controlling the implementation of security is focused on improving network security. Efforts that have been made to improve security are improving the quality of the firewall from layer three to layer seven. In addition, the use of other technology devices using  
   
  14  
   
  R. G. Guntur Alam et al.  
   
  the latest version. In the process aspect, the main actor link to the activities carried out by the government in general. The process aspect includes all policies, protocols, standards, SOPs, and guidelines that create a protective environment to ensure the security of systems, technology, and data. 9.4 Evaluation and Measurement of Security Maturity Security maturity evaluation and measurement are used to assess the overall security program and specific security domains. At JSC, the evaluation and measurement of security maturity begin with an audit of the system use. The audit was conducted on governance, end-to-end, and data storage aspects. The audit is carried out in two stages, internal audit by the JSC team and validation by external audit, invited auditors, or consultants. The results of this audit become an obligation to be corrected or become input for future security improvements. BSSN measured security maturity or national external security audit. This measurement is carried out in the partnership contract to measure mal protection and administration of electronic certificates. In addition, a government agency’s information security governance system must be evaluated with the KAMI index (Information Security Index). The KAMI index is an application to evaluate the maturity level and completeness of the application of SNI ISO/IEC 27001:2009. 9.5 Collaboration and Cooperation Collaboration and cooperation with other parties are needed to anticipate cyberattacks and respond quickly to cybersecurity incidents. Collaboration and cooperation carried out by JSC with BSSN, Other Units in Local Government Environments, Academics and Universities, and Security Professionals. Because the function of JSC is to provide services for all circles and agencies, JSC must collaborate on security matters with other units within the Regional Government. Together with academics and universities, cooperation is built to strengthen governance. University academics and experts will assist the JSC team in technical guidance related to cybersecurity governance. To deal with specific security incidents, the JSC team requires professional assistance when the incident occurs. Therefore, JSC is also working closely with security professionals. With BSSN, JSC cooperates concerning the use of electronic certificates.  
   
  10 Conclusion This study has identified three sets of interrelated factors that are key to the implementation of cybersecurity in Jakarta Smart City, namely (1) Cyber Security Stakeholders, (2) Legal Fundamental for Cyber Security Management, and (3) Security Management. From the punctualized actors, two stakeholders related to cyber security were identified. These stakeholders are the DKI Jakarta Provincial Communication Information and Statistics Agency and the Director of JSC with the Operational executing Unit (Smart city management). The DKI Jakarta Provincial Communication Information and Statistics Agency is interested in preparing rules, regulations, and standards to implement cybersecurity successfully.  
   
  Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies  
   
  15  
   
  Through enrollment moments and mobilization moments, other stakeholders are identified. First BSSN, in terms of measuring security maturity or external security audits at the national level and the use of electronic certificates. Second, academics from various universities provide technical guidance related to cybersecurity governance. Third, security professionals in handle certain incidents that the smart city team has never handled. Fourth, co-operate with private companies to realize effective cybersecurity and protect smart cities from cyber-attacks most of the technology infrastructure is owned and operated by private companies. The second factor identified is the Legal Fundamental for Cybersecurity Management. The implementation of cyber security must have a clear legal foundation. At the moment of interessement, two legal instruments were identified as guidelines for policy-makers in managing cyber security. These instruments are international security standards and laws. At the moment of mobilization, the JSC director reduced the general laws and regulations into policies at the technical level. In carrying out the derivation, the policies made by the director of JSC must be in line with the objectives of the JSC. Therefore, the purpose of the smart city has also been identified as the basis of cybersecurity management. The third factor is security management. Security management controls three aspects: security policy control, security implementation control, and security audit and evaluation. Security Policy Controls are built into a security framework including security policies, standards, and requirements. Meanwhile, Security Implementation Control includes people, technology, and processes integrated into the implementation framework. Internal and external audits carry out evaluation and security audits at JSC. The JSC team takes up the internal audit, while the external audit invites an auditor or consultant to validate the results of the internal audit result. Acknowledgement. We greatly appreciate the support from agencies like Universiti Utara Malaysia and University Muhammadiyah Bengkulu, as well as organizations like Cyber Security Malaysia (CSM) and Jakarta Smart City (JSC). Their cooperation was crucial for the success of our study.  
   
  References 1. Cavelty, M.D., Wenger A.: Cyber security between socio-technological uncertainty and political fragmentation. In: Cyber Security Politics, pp. 1–14. Routledge (2022) 2. Wu, J., Guo, S., Huang, H., Liu, W., Xiang, Y.: Information and communications technologies for sustainable development goals: state-of-the-art, needs and perspectives. IEEE Commun. Surv. Tutorials 20(3), 2389–2406 (2018) 3. Zurita, G., Pino, J.A., Baloian N.: Supporting smart community decision making for selfgovernance with multiple views.In: García-Chamizo, J., Fortino, G., Ochoa, S. (eds.) Ubiquitous Computing and Ambient Intelligence. Sensing, Processing, and Using Environmental Information. UCAmI 2015. Lecture Notes in Computer Science(), vol. 9454, pp. 134-143. Springer, Cham (2015). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-26401-1_13 4. Piro, G., Cianci, I., Grieco, L.A., Boggia, G., Camarda, P.: Information centric services in smart cities. J. Syst. Softw. 88(1), 169–188 (2014)  
   
  16  
   
  R. G. Guntur Alam et al.  
   
  5. Nautinyal, L., Malik, P., Agarwal, A.: Cybersecurity system: an essential pillar of smart cities, 25–50 (2018) 6. Sen, R.: Challenges to cybersecurity: current State of affairs. Commun. Assoc. Inf. Syst. (2018) 7. Kabanda, S., Tanner, M., Kent, C.: Exploring SME cybersecurity practices in developing countries. J. Organ. Comput. Electron. Commer. 28(3), 269–282 (2018) 8. Anindra, F., Warnars, H.S.H.L., Min, D. M.: Smart city implementation modelling in Indonesia with integration platform approach. In: 2018 International Conference on Information Management and Technology (ICIMTech), pp. 1–9. IEEE (2018) 9. Callon, M., Latour, B.: Unscrewing the big leviathan: how actors macro-structure reality and how sociologists help them to do so. Adv. Soc. Theor. Method.: Toward Integr. Micro Macro Sociol. (1981) 10. Cressman, D.: A brief overview of actor-network theory: punctualisation, heterogeneous engineering & translation. Published online (2009) 11. Callon, M.: The Sociology of an actor-network: the case of the electric vehicle. In: Callon, M., Law, J., Rip, A. (eds.) Mapping the Dynamics of Science and Technology, pp. 19–34. Palgrave Macmillan, London (1986). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-349-07408-2_2 12. Effah, J.: Mobilizing culture for e-business in developing countries: an actor network theory account. Electron. J. Inf. Syst. Dev. Ctries 52(1), 1–18 (2012) 13. Ruikar, S., Chang, P.C.: Achieving network stability through convergence--case study of an e-government project using actor network theory. In: In 2012 45th Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences, pp. 2593–2602. IEEE (2012) 14. Müller, M., Schurr, C.: Assemblage thinking and actor-network theory: conjunctions, disjunctions, cross-fertilisations. Trans. Inst. Br. Geogr. 41(3), 217–229 (2016) 15. Sarker, S., Sidorova, A.: Understanding business process change failure: an actor-network perspective. J. Manag. Inf. Syst. 23(1), 51–86 (2006) 16. Law, J.: Notes on the theory of the actor network ordering, strategy and heterogeneity. Syst. Pract. 5, 379–393 (1992) 17. Law, J., Callon, M.: The life and death of an aircraft: a network analysis of technical change. Shap. Technol. Build. Soc.: Stud. Sociotech. Change, 21–52 (1992) 18. Czarniawska, B.: Remembering while forgetting: the role of automorphism in city management in Warsaw. Public Adm. Rev. 62(2), 163–173 (2002) 19. Callon, M.: Techno-economic networks and irreversibility. Sociol. Rev. 38(1), 132–161 (1990) 20. Monteiro, E.: Monsters: from systems to actor-networks. Planet Internet (1999) 21. Baxter, P., Jack, S.: The qualitative report qualitative case study methodology: study design and implementation for novice researchers. Qual. Rep. 13(2), 544–559 (2008) 22. King, N.: 21––––using templates in the thematic analysis of text––––. Essent. Guide Qual. Meth. Organ. Res., 256. (2004)  
   
  Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines: Techniques, Challenges, Current Trends, and Future Prospects Asadullah Al Galib(B)  
   
  , Md Humaion Kabir Mehedi, Ehsanur Rahman Rhythm, and Annajiat Alim Rasel  
   
  Department of Computer Science and Engineering, BRAC University, Dhaka, Bangladesh {asadullah.al.galib,humaion.kabir.mehedi, ehsanur.rahman.rhyth}@g.bracu.ac.bd  
   
  Abstract. The heart of any substantial search engine is a crawler. A crawler is a program that collects web pages by following links from one web page to the next. Due to our complete dependence on search engines for finding information and insights into every aspect of human endeavors, from finding cat videos to the deep mysteries of the universe, we tend to overlook the enormous complexities of today’s search engines powered by the web crawlers to index and aggregate everything found on the internet. The sheer scale and technological innovation that enabled the vast body of knowledge on the internet to be indexed and easily accessible upon queries is constantly evolving. In this paper, we look at the current state of the massive apparatus of crawling the internet, specifically focusing on deep web crawling, given the explosion of information behind an interface that cannot be extracted from raw text. We also explore distributed search engines and the way forward for finding information in the age of large language models like ChatGPT or Bard. Our primary goal is to explore the junction of large-scale web crawling and search engines in an integrative approach to identify the emerging challenges and scopes in massive data where recent advancements in AI upend traditional means of information retrieval. Finally, we present the design of a new asynchronous crawler that can extract information from any domain into a structured format. Keywords: Web Crawling · Crawler · Distributed Systems · Search Engines · Deep Web Crawling · Large Language Models · Asynchronous Crawler  
   
  1 Introduction The technology behind web crawling has come a long way since Google was first introduced in the late 1990s. According to the original PageRank paper [1], Google employed a distributed web crawler architecture to download content from hundreds of millions of web pages. Since then, the technology behind web crawlers has grown ever more complex to accommodate billions of existing websites [2]. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 17–29, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_2  
   
  18  
   
  A. Al Galib et al.  
   
  Even though crawling and related technologies have gone through tremendous innovations in the past decade, the ever-expanding and fluid nature of the internet means crawling tools and techniques need to stay on top of the current trends of the web to collect and aggregate information. Due to the explosion of various web technologies, most of the data on the internet now sits behind various search forms that can only be accessed using search queries. This adds another layer of complexity for the crawlers. Along with the current technological advancements in the field of large-scale web crawling, we also focus on deep web crawling, where crawlers need to interact with various web forms to access information. We explore and analyze research materials with a primary focus on old and new crawling techniques capable of withstanding the ever-growing data space. Distributed crawling techniques built on open-source tools show great promise for a future of decentralized indexing of vast amounts of data. We look at the current status of distributed search engines and the challenges it faces in the era of big data. To consider the disruptive AI conversational agents like ChatGPT and Bard and to understand their implications on how people search for information on the web, we explore how these agents can upend the status quo of current search engines. Finally, we are proposing a new asynchronous web crawling technique that can be employed by small to medium organizations for domain-agnostic crawling needs that require data to be extracted from web pages with similar content architectures and stored in specific formats. The Introduction describes the motivation and overall targets of the paper. In the Related Work section, we will explore previous survey works related to web crawling techniques and various architectures of distributed search engines. In the next section, Crawling, we will take a detailed look at various current crawling techniques and different scaling issues that crawlers need to deal with. In the Distributed Search Engine section, we will go through various architectural challenges and prospects of distributed search engines. In the section, AI Conversational Agents, we will discuss the implications of ChatGPT and other conversational AI agents for the domain of search engines and how we acquire information from the web. The section, Domain-Agnostic Asynchronous Crawler, proposes a new asynchronous crawler suitable for crawling sites of any domain, all of which share a common architecture. Finally, we will conclude with the utility and prospects of crawling in the age of AI and generated content.  
   
  2 Related Work A comprehensive study of deep web crawling techniques is explained in [3]. The authors also highlight the lack of standards and evaluation metrics to measure the performance of deep web crawlers against some common datasets. They provide a framework to compare different deep web crawling algorithms and features to infer entry points for various user interfaces and search panels to initiate crawling. A systematic literature review of over 1488 articles on web crawling is conducted in [4]. Various crawling techniques such as universal, topical, and hidden or deep web crawlers are described here. The authors highlight the challenges of large-scale web crawling an [5] d a set of policies that web crawlers should adhere to so that servers do not get overwhelmed by the parallel requests of different crawlers. Paper [6] discusses efficiently crawling board sites and how they  
   
  Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines  
   
  19  
   
  perform against traditional graph crawling techniques. The authors introduce a type of preferential crawler, Board Forum Crawling, designed explicitly for crawling forum sites efficiently. Traditional breadth-first crawling for forum sites struggles with spider-trap due to duplicate pages and noisy links for various user actions. In their preferential or topical crawler, authors describe a structured approach to crawling all the post pages on a forum site. The authors of [7] describe the challenges and learnings of a highperformance web crawler, Mercator, that is distributed, scalable, and extensible. In, the authors propose a distributed search engine based on a cooperative model, where local search engines reduce the update interval time as compared to a centralized search engine. Each local search engine maintains a local index by accessing files locally. A Hadoop-based distributed search engine is proposed in [4]. Due to the ever evolving and constantly growing internet size, a distributed search engine is proposed to reduce query time. Hadoop consists of two dimensions, the storage dimension and the processing dimension. The proposed system uses Hadoop Distributed File System or HDFS for storage, and for indexing and processing users’ requests, MapReduce is used. This personalized distributed search engine presents an end-to-end model where crawling, extracting, indexing, and fetching results for users’ queries are implemented in Hadoop. A detailed explanation of various crawlers as well as a comparison among crawlers in terms of applicability, usability, and scalability, can be found in [2].  
   
  3 Crawling The essential components of a web crawler are - a list of URLs to start crawling from, an aggregator that collects web pages using the URLs from the initial list, and a parser that parses the content of web pages and adds new URLs in the initial list. The crawler keeps repeating this process until the crawling list is empty or some other thresholds are achieved [4]. In this section, we will focus on the recent advancements in the crawling field along with the challenges that arise as the size of the data grows. 3.1 Types of Crawlers Based on the scope and type of information collected during crawling, crawlers can be divided into multiple categories, such as universal crawlers, topical crawlers, forum crawlers, and hidden or deep web crawlers [4]. As the internet grows rapidly, the vast majority of the world’s accumulated information can be found hidden behind millions of databases that are only accessible through search panels or forms. To collect data from these hidden parts of the internet, a new type of crawler has emerged, called hidden or deep web crawlers. These crawlers need to generate queries for the search interfaces to acquire information buried in various databases and storage systems. For the indexed data to be useful, it needs to stay updated as time passes. Instead of visiting new web pages, Incremental crawlers update existing and already crawled sites and remove various redundancies to increase storage efficiencies [8]. Running multiple instances of the crawler in a distributed architecture to minimize traffic load and scale horizontally is a required attribute of modern web crawlers [1].  
   
  20  
   
  A. Al Galib et al.  
   
  3.2 Techniques This section will explore emerging technologies and approaches for distributed and hidden web crawlers. In a stand-alone crawler module, also known as centralized crawling, a single instance performs all required steps of crawling. While this approach is easy to implement and maintain, given the sheer scale of data, this approach is only suitable for simple use cases [9]. In a distributed system, each crawler instance is a complete crawling module equipped with the necessary tools to perform the end-to-end crawling task. Depending on how these individual modules are managed and run, distributed crawling can be divided into master-worker and peer-to-peer crawling. Distributed crawling is slightly different from parallel crawling. In parallel crawling, individual crawler instances reside in the same LAN, whereas crawler instances in the distributed architecture are scattered across different geographical locations [9]. The hybrid crawling architecture tries to combine the simplicity of centralized crawling with the scalability of distributed crawling. In this approach, URL queue management is centralized, and content fetching from the URLs is distributed across many instances [9]. In the master-worker mode of distributed crawling, a master node performs an orchestrator’s job, where crawling tasks are managed and assigned to worker nodes to perform the actual crawling tasks. The master node manages the global URL list of pages to visit and assigns URLs to each crawler instance [10]. The master node can perform load balancing to avoid overwhelming crawler instances. In a peer-to-peer architecture, crawler instances independently discover and visit web pages without a master node. Some disadvantages of this approach include - a lack of load balancing where one crawler may be downloading a huge number of pages, whereas other crawlers may not have a sufficient number of URLs to crawl data from. 3.3 Distributed Crawling Architectures Some recent implementations of distributed crawling use various open-source crawling frameworks and combine those with the power of cloud services to build robust and scalable systems. Some of these approaches are described below: Scrapy and Redis: Scrapy is an open-source crawling and scraping framework. Redis is an efficient, in-memory, and key-value data store that is used to manage the message queues used to assign tasks to crawler instances. The Scrapy-Redis distributed component can be used to crawl sites with semi-structured information efficiently [10, 11]. Container Clustering: This approach uses a docker container cluster that hosts the crawler instances. Kubernetes is used to orchestrate the clusters of distributed containers. Apache Kafka is used as the communication medium for the crawling instances [10]. Apache Nutch: Apache Nutch is an open-source, powerful, highly scalable, and configurable web crawler that can be customized in various ways to handle all sorts of web pages found on the internet. It uses Hadoop for data processing [12].  
   
  Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines  
   
  21  
   
  Apache Spark: Apache Spark is a highly scalable data processing framework that can quickly process large datasets. The ability of Spark to orchestrate data processing on extremely large datasets [13] makes it a good candidate for large-scale crawling. Based on the master-worker architecture, a distributed crawling system can be designed using Spark. A control node manages child crawling nodes, distributes crawling tasks to nodes, and keeps the crawled information up-to-date to prevent redundant crawling by child nodes [14]. A regular focused crawler can be enhanced by introducing a language model component in the architecture so that the crawler only processes sites containing actionable information for a given domain [4]. First, the machine learning classifier determines the site’s category, and then a language model is used on the site’s content to rank its usability for the task at hand [4]. 3.4 Common Crawl Common Crawl is an initiative where monthly crawled data is made accessible for the public to conduct research and analytical tasks. It publishes the crawled data using Amazon S3 [15]. Data from the March-April, 2023 archive contains around 3 billion web pages from 34 million domains [16]. Common Crawl uses Apache Nutch to run its web crawler in a distributed system and MapReduce to find potential crawling targets from the collected data [15]. Datasets crawled by Common Crawl have been used for training the GPT-3 large language model [17]. 3.5 Challenges and Prospects As the size of the internet keeps growing and web technologies are transforming rapidly, web crawlers at the heart of information gathering must adapt to new challenges. Some of the challenges facing modern web crawlers include Scale and Resource Utilization: As the number of web pages is increasing rapidly, crawlers, with finite resources, need to balance visiting new and relevant web pages and updating the index for existing crawled pages. Hidden Web Crawling: As more and more websites adopt dynamic and user-friendly content that relies heavily on client-side scripting, it presents a new challenge for traditional crawlers that follow hyperlinks and fetch the content from those links. Identifying search panels and interfaces that can be used to crawl the deep web is a major challenge in deep web crawling. Lack of Standards: Due to the lack of standards and agreed-upon policies, servers containing the web pages that are being crawled are at the mercy of the crawlers. Web crawlers can ignore the robots.txt file, which tells crawlers which pages to crawl and which to avoid. Aggressive crawling on a server can lead to poor performance for the real users of that particular server. Ethical considerations: As more and more people are available online for most of their waking hours, as they upload and post information on various social media sites,  
   
  22  
   
  A. Al Galib et al.  
   
  online users’ privacy and data protection are of major concern. It is now possible to deanonymize people using sophisticated crawling techniques even if their real identity is hidden behind some authentication protocols [18]. As crawling tools get more efficient and competent in discovering data in the deep web, users’ privacy and, in some cases, their safety due to their political or social activism can be threatened using mass surveillance tools powered by large-scale invasive crawling. Despite these major challenges, many optimization techniques can be applied to increase the efficiency of the crawlers. To identify more effective search panels or user interfaces for deep web crawling, advanced machine learning models can be applied to infer the usability of search interfaces or forms. In deep web crawling, AI can generate better queries to extract more data with few queries. Emerging cloud services could be used to make distributed crawling more efficient and cost-effective. To counter the unfair use of personal data and protect people’s privacy, there should be proper regulations to prevent both private and public sectors from aggressive and indiscriminate crawling without respecting Robots Exclusion Protocols.  
   
  4 Distributed Search Engine In a centralized search engine architecture, every component of the search engine is controlled by a central server. The search engine providers control the indexes of the web as well as the ranking algorithms that present users with the most relevant results per their algorithms. The concept of distributed or peer-to-peer search engines has emerged to democratize the web and create a community-built search engine [19]. 4.1 Architectures In a distributed or decentralized search engine, no single node controls the different components of the search engine. When using a search engine, users are primarily concerned about three things - the quality of the ranking of search results, low latency response, and a considerable amount of web pages being available in the index which powers the search results [20]. For distributed search engines to be useful in the real world, these constraints must be met in an efficient, scalable, and cost-effective way. A P2P system, such as Gnutella, provides a simple keyword search mechanism that broadcasts the users’ search queries over the entire overlay network. This approach is quite slow, even with a limited document size. To solve this issue, Distributed hash Table or DHT is introduced to store document links against some IDs [21]. YaCy (https://yacy.net/) implements a peer-to-peer distributed search engine where individual nodes participate in crawling and updating DHT. 4.2 Open-Source Search Engines While the most popular search engines like Google, Bing, or Baidu are commercial projects, some powerful open-source indexing and search engine frameworks are used extensively to build search applications.  
   
  Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines  
   
  23  
   
  Apache Lucene: Lucene is a high-performance indexing and search engine library. Many websites use Lucene to implement their internal search engines. It indexes text documents and then, upon query, generates ranked search results from the indexed content [22]. For the data structure, Lucene uses an inverted index. To provide the auto-complete feature, Lucene uses an n-gram tokenizer. Elasticsearch: Elasticsearch is another open-source distributed analytics and search engine built on Lucene [23]. It provides REST APIs to index and search relevant documents using highly configurable and advanced queries. Due to its distributed architecture using clustering of nodes, Elasticsearch can scale horizontally and rebalance indexes as necessary. It uses JSON as its document storage type [23].  
   
  4.3 Challenges and Prospects Even though the idea of an open and censor-free web is very promising, there are major technical and practical challenges while running a highly scalable, distributed, and faulttolerant search engine at the internet scale. Current implementations of P2P text-based searching using DHT works efficiently for a fraction of the actual size of the web. Two main issues regarding decentralized search engines are available storage on individual nodes considering the ever-expanding nature of the internet, and constraints on network bandwidth used during full-text searching on a P2P network [21]. Another challenge is reducing search queries’ response time, given that multiple nodes with indexed data need to be queried before a result can be sent to the users. Since no central server controls the addition of new nodes, some adversarial entities can manipulate the crawled index and ranking of search results [19]. Recent advancements in blockchain technologies can be used to optimize different aspects of a distributed search engine, such as crawling, indexing, and storage [19]. Extensive research is also needed to prevent attacks on the P2P system from adversarial players.  
   
  5 AI Conversational Agents The emergence of ChatGPT has taken the internet by storm. Since it was published in November 2022, ChatGPT has become one of the most popular sites on the web in just a couple of months [24]. ChatGPT is based on GPT-3, a large language model [17] trained on petabytes of data to produce human-like text. 5.1 Challenges to Traditional Search Engines People have been using ChatGPT to generate text and as an interactive search engine to find information. While search engines return a list of web pages, these AI conversational agents provide information in a way that humans are more comfortable with. We need to keep in mind that the purpose of search engines is to parse users’ queries, find relevant pages or documents, and finally rank the search results to provide high-quality responses  
   
  24  
   
  A. Al Galib et al.  
   
  that are beneficial to the users. Large language models generate a sequence of words with a starting prompt. Moreover, the models cannot access the most recent data since their training and cannot provide all sources that played a role in generating certain content. The appeal of these conversational agents in finding information on the web stems from the fact that search engines cannot combine information from multiple sources and then aggregate it to produce a coherent and factually correct answer. Whereas these agents answer questions like another human expert would [25]. Due to the lack of reference materials for generated content, it is more difficult to ascertain the authenticity of generated content by these models. 5.2 Societal and Ethical Impacts The world is already plagued by propaganda and disinformation abundant on social media sites. Since these models are trained on human-generated text in the first place, they may have inherent biases due to the training datasets. Producing disinformation will be much easier with human-like text and will exacerbate the already fragile social and political divides worldwide. Any task that is about generating text on a given topic now needs to be re-examined and re-evaluated. Various professional roles in the domain of content generation, whether article writers or programmers, will be transformed significantly. Prompt engineering, in other words, providing the correct starting sequence of words to generate the best possible output, will be a key skill in the coming days. Exams and evaluation criteria of all sorts need to be rethought in light of the ubiquity of these language models. 5.3 Future Prospects A key area of research that needs to take place is to retain the sources of information generated by the language models and provide them as references to the users. Since people will be using these AI agents to find information on the web, further improvements can be introduced to incorporate recent events in the generated content and references. Much more attention should be given to de-bias the training datasets and shielding the models from being tricked into generating harmful and dangerous content.  
   
  6 Domain-Agnostic Asynchronous Crawler Traditional crawling approaches fetch raw page data and index them for future use during users’ searching queries. Based on the existence and relevance of keywords in the crawled documents, search results are generated by ranking a list of URLs to present high-scoring documents on top. But what if the target of crawling is to generate structured data from unstructured raw content, sourced not only from a handful of similar sites rather each site will have a completely different architecture. Some commercial large-scale crawling tools, such as DiffBot (https://www.diffbot.com/), can crawl sites of the same content type but with different architectures. To create an open-source crawling engine that can handle a multitude of sites, all having different content types and architectures, we have designed a domain-agnostic asynchronous crawler. Given some basic extraction rules, this crawler can fetch raw content and produce structured data from sites of any domain.  
   
  Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines  
   
  25  
   
  6.1 Architecture Here we will describe the architecture of the asynchronous crawler in detail. The crawler is written entirely in Python. For parsing HTML content, we have used beautifulsoup4. Asynchronous API calls have been implemented using asyncio and aiohttp. We have used Amazon DynamoDB as our storage service. Communications with AWS services from the crawler are performed through the boto3 library. The crawler has four major components: Orchestrator, BaseCrawler, SiteHandler, and Utility. Asynchronous crawling is implemented at four different levels, namely at the root level, site level, page level, and item level. Item is any entity that has attributes describing some properties of that entity, e.g. when crawling an e-commerce site, item is the product in that site. Orchestrator: Orchestrator is the starting point of the crawling engine. First is the list of seed URLs, which describes the starting point for every site that needs crawling. After loading the seed URLs, the orchestrator dynamically imports site handlers from the  
   
  Fig. 1. Orchestrator activity diagram.  
   
  Fig. 2. Singe site handler activity diagram.  
   
  26  
   
  A. Al Galib et al.  
   
  local directory. Each site has a handler associated with it. Each handler is imported as a separate module and mapped to the corresponding site. Finally, the orchestrator creates separate asynchronous crawling tasks for each site and initiates them all at once (see Fig. 1). Once all the crawling tasks have finished, the orchestrator logs the total duration and exits the program. BaseCrawler: BaseCrawler is the root class that defines the structure of every SiteHandler. The starting point of every site crawler is the asynchronous “crawl” method. Here, the handler gets initialized first and then site-specific pagination is extracted. Since each site will have its own way of handling pagination, SiteHandler instances implement a method that returns pagination counts depending on the site. For each page, the site crawler creates an asynchronous task and initiates them all at once (see Fig. 2). Inside each page handler, all the items that are available on that page are extracted first. The page handler then creates an asynchronous task for each item and initiates them all at once (see Fig. 3). Each item handler initializes the item depending on the site. Then all the required information is collected asynchronous (see Fig. 4). Finally, the item is  
   
  Fig. 3. Single page handler activity diagram.  
   
  Fig. 4. Single item handler activity diagram.  
   
  Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines  
   
  27  
   
  stored on Amazon DynamoDB. Once all the items on a page are processed, each page handler returns to the site handler. Similarly, once all the pages in a site are processed, each site handler returns to the orchestrator. SiteHandler: For every site in the seed URL list, there is a corresponding SiteHandler module created to provide site-specific functionalities such as extracting pagination count, extracting items from the list-view page, and extracting item attributes from the details-view page. Each SiteHandler contains two components - item schema for items in this site and implementation of abstract methods from BaseCrawler. No matter how structurally different a site is, as long as it has a list-view and details-view page structure, the custom crawler can crawl those sites. Utility: This module contains all the utility functions and services, such as the base model for all custom item models, methods to fetch and upload documents to DynamoDB, functions to process raw page content, and generic functions for asynchronous I/O.  
   
  6.2 Experiment We ran the crawler in two modes - once in synchronous mode and the other in asynchronous mode in a single thread using asynchronous I/O. At first, we used two seed URLs. Each URL was from a popular e-commerce site. One of the sites had 167 pages and the other had 33 pages. For the synchronous version of the crawling, it took around 382 min to complete the crawling of all 200 pages with dozens of items on each page. Whereas for the asynchronous crawler, the elapsed time was 79 min. Initially, both the seed URLs and site handlers are stored locally with the Orchestrator engine. This approach soon becomes untenable as the number of sites grows to hundreds or even thousands. After applying a modified version of the asynchronous crawler to dozens of bidding sites, we observed that initiating the crawler for a large number of sites often produced unusual asynchronous errors, which were difficult to analyze and debug. We also noticed the need for an extensible, generic item model to support diverse sites and their items. The crawler got stuck multiple times for items that included supplementary documents in various formats in the details pages. The duplication resolver struggled for individual items with the same titles hosted on multiple sites. For some sites, determining the last crawled items was difficult using only the published date as the sites updated their interfaces and layouts. 6.3 Usage, Scopes, and Limitations This asynchronous crawler can crawl data from sites of any domain containing data in a list-view and details-view structure. Using the custom SiteHandler instances, the same asynchronous crawler can create documents of different schemas without needing to change anything in the base crawler module. For small and medium crawling tasks that require structured datasets generation from sites of a particular domain, this asynchronous crawler can set up a custom SiteHandler and generate structured datasets within hours rather than days.  
   
  28  
   
  A. Al Galib et al.  
   
  There are some limitations of the current version of the crawler that we plan to improve in future versions. The crawler does not keep extensive log records for API calls and crawling errors. Instead of manually checking and running the crawler for failed sites or items, a better approach would be to include an auto-healing mechanism where the crawler uses exponential backoff to retry crawling problematic sites before raising an alarm. The current version of the crawler does not include any mechanism to handle rate-limiting from servers. We would also like to include a mechanism to fetch content from dynamically loaded web pages requiring client-side scripting interaction with the site.  
   
  7 Conclusion This paper describes techniques for large-scale crawling that are currently being used in various crawling applications. We have explored different distributed crawling architectures and the challenges and future directions of large-scale crawling in the age of big data. Then, we looked at the current status of distributed or peer-to-peer search engines as well as some open-source versions such as Apache Lucene and Elasticsearch. We also highlighted the scope of improvement for distributed searching. With the ubiquity of large language models, users have started to use these models for collecting information from the web. We explored the impact of these models on traditional search engines. Finally, we described the proposed domain-agnostic asynchronous crawler in detail and showed the performance improvement of a simple single-threaded asynchronous crawler over its synchronous version by crawling 200 pages from two popular e-commerce sites. Crawling will always be a part of our web experience. Without crawling, we cannot find the right content in the ocean of raw data. To overcome the upcoming challenges due to the vastness of the internet, crawlers need to invent new ways of aggregating information constantly.  
   
  References 1. Brin, S., Page, L.: The anatomy of a large-scale hypertextual web search engine. Comput. Netw. ISDN Syst. 30, 107–117 (1998). https://doi.org/10.1016/S0169-7552(98)00110-X 2. Armstrong, M.: Number of websites. https://www.statista.com/chart/19058/number-of-web sites-online. Accessed 13 Aug 2023 3. Hernández, I., Rivero, C.R., Ruiz, D.: Deep Web crawling: a survey. World Wide Web 22, 1577–1610 (2019) 4. Rattan, D., Bhatia, R., Kumar, M.: A survey of web crawlers for information retrieval. WIREs Data Min. Knowl. Discov. 7, e1218 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1002/widm.1218 5. Sato, N., Uehara, M., Sakai, Y., Mori, H.: Distributed information retrieval by using cooperative meta search engines. In: Proceedings 21st International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems Workshops, pp. 345–350 (2001) 6. Guo, Y., Li, K., Zhang, G., Zhang, K.: Board forum crawling: a web crawling method for web forum. In: IEEE/WIC/ACM International Conference on Web Intelligence (WI 2006 Main Conference Proceedings) (WI’06), pp. 745–748 (2006) 7. Heydon, A., Najork, M.: High-Performance Web Crawling. Springer, Cham (2002) 8. How Google Search organizes information  
   
  Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines  
   
  29  
   
  9. Koloveas, P., Chantzios, T., Tryfonopoulos, C., Skiadopoulos, S.: A crawler architecture for harvesting the clear, social, and dark web for IoT-related cyber-threat intelligence. In: IEEE World Congress on Services (SERVICES), pp. 3–8 (2019) 10. Ren, X., Wang, H., Dai, D.: A summary of research on web data acquisition methods based on distributed crawler. In: IEEE 6th International Conference on Computer and Communications (ICCC), pp. 1682–1688 (2020) 11. Yin, F., He, X., Zhixin, L.: Research on scrapy-based distributed crawler system for crawling semi-structure information at high speed. In: IEEE 4th International Conference on Computer and Communications (ICCC), pp. 1356–1359 (2018) 12. Apache Nutch Homepage. https://nutch.apache.org. Accessed 13 Aug 2023 13. Apache Spark Homepage. https://spark.apache.org. Accessed 13 Aug 2023 14. Liu, F., Xin, W.: Implementation of distributed crawler system based on spark for massive data mining. In: 5th International Conference on Computer and Communication Systems (ICCCS), pp. 482–485 (2020) 15. Common Crawl Homepage. https://commoncrawl.org. Accessed 13 Aug 2023 16. Common Crawl. https://commoncrawl.org/2023/04/mar-apr-2023-crawl-archive-now-ava ilable. Accessed 13 Aug 2023 17. Brown, T.B., et al.: Language models are few-shot learners. In: Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, vol. 33, pp. 1877–1901 (2020) 18. Gold, Z., Mark, L.: Robots welcome: ethical and legal considerations for web crawling and scraping. Wash. JL Tech. Arts 13, 275 (2017) 19. Knowledge Coin. https://rorur.com/kcoin2.pdf. Accessed 13 Aug 2023 20. Cambazoglu, B.B., Varol, E., Kayaaslan, E., Aykanat, C., Baeza-Yates, R.: Query forwarding in geographically distributed search engines. In: SIGIR 2010 Proceedings of the 33rd International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, pp. 90–97 (2010).https://doi.org/10.1145/1835449.1835467 21. Li, J., Loo, B.T., Hellerstein, J.M., Kaashoek, M.F., Karger, D.R., Morris, R.: On the feasibility of peer-to-peer web indexing and search. In: International Workshop on Peer-to-Peer Systems, pp. 207–215 (2003) 22. Apache Lucene Homepage. https://lucene.apache.org. Accessed 13 Aug 2023 23. Elasticsearch Homepage. https://www.elastic.co/what-is/elasticsearch. Accessed 13 Aug 2023 24. Introducing ChatGPT. https://openai.com/blog/chatgpt. Accessed 13 Aug 2023 25. Language Model and Search Engine. https://www.technologyreview.com/2021/05/14/102 4918/language-models-gpt3-search-engine-google. Accessed 13 Aug 2023  
   
  Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems with Integrity Check Norliza Katuk1  
   
  , Mohd Hasbullah Omar2(B) , Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Pozi1 and Ekaterina Chzhan3  
   
  ,  
   
  1 School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, UUM, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia 2 Data Management and Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing,  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia, Sintok, Malaysia [email protected]  3 Siberian Federal University, 660041 Krasnoyarsk, Russia  
   
  Abstract. Video data has grown significantly as a result of the expanding usage of high-resolution cameras and longer retention periods, necessitating effective archiving solutions, such as video surveillance systems, that make data easy to retrieve and maintain data integrity. These systems are relied upon by businesses and private users to protect their assets and guarantee that video recordings are properly archived for later use. In order to solve the issues of data storage, integrity, and retrieval in surveillance systems, this study proposes a data archiving model with an integrity check for video surveillance systems saved on the cloud. The suggested model has four parts: system architecture, data archiving method, data integrity check, and data schema. These components enable metadata production, effective cloud storage, AI-based human identification, and data security. The model’s critical elements are developed, tested, and evaluated in this study to guarantee its dependability and efficiency when managing video surveillance data. Coding the archiving module, testing the software with a pertinent dataset, and creating the integrity check module are all included in the scope. The integrity check module’s performance was tested by comparing compromised and uncompromised data to see how well the model could distinguish between real data and data that had been tampered with. The findings imply that the suggested methodology successfully addresses the problems associated with archiving video surveillance data, improving security, resource management, and data protection. Additionally, it promotes the creation of reliable, tamper-resistant surveillance systems, creating a more dependable digital video surveillance landscape. Keywords: Data archiving · data retrieval · integrity · security · surveillance systems  
   
  1 Introduction Any surveillance system that involves recording and storing video data must include data archiving. In order to increase the security of their houses, buildings, and possessions, businesses and domestic users rely on surveillance systems [1], thus it is crucial to make © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 30–43, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_3  
   
  Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems  
   
  31  
   
  sure that video recordings are properly preserved and maintained for future use. For video recording and archiving in security systems that use IP cameras or independent devices that link to analogue cameras, network and digital video recorders are two typical technologies. Both devices have the ability to record and save video data and can be set to retain recordings for a predetermined time. Recent years have seen a rise in the popularity of internet-connected home video surveillance systems that enable users to remotely monitor their homes and properties from anywhere in the world [2]. These systems often archive video recordings using cloud-based storage, giving users a quick and safe means to store and access data [3]. The majority of the time, security system video records are maintained for 30 to 90 days [4]. During an incident or security breach, organizations and users can review footage without using up unnecessary storage space. Any surveillance system must have practical data archiving to guarantee that priceless video recordings are saved for later use and to help increase the security of structures, residences, and assets. For businesses that rely on surveillance systems for building security, video data storage presents a significant difficulty. The data generated by these systems has greatly increased, necessitating a large amount of storage space, due to the growing usage of high-resolution cameras and prolonged retention periods. However, many organizations have trouble devising effective solutions to store this data, and the absence of useful data archiving can have a number of negative effects. Finding specific pieces of information in the archive is one of the major issues of preserving big amounts of video data [5]. Without efficient search capabilities, finding specific evidence might take time and be irritating [6]. Finding and retrieving pertinent information is made more difficult by the fact that video data is frequently saved in several formats and resolutions [7]. The absence of effective methods for data archiving is a further problem. For storing and managing video data, many organizations still use antiquated and ineffective methods like physical cassettes or hard drives. Data loss, corruption, and restricted scalability may result [8]. As a result, businesses need to spend money on cutting-edge data archiving solutions built to manage the unique needs of video data. The difficulties of data archiving and storage in surveillance systems call for serious thought and preparation. Organizations can increase security and incident response by using effective archiving systems that enable quick data retrieval and are made to handle the special characteristics of video data. In order to assure secure and convenient retrieval of recorded data, efficient and effective models can be developed to handle the issues of data archiving for video surveillance systems. This work suggests a model that, by providing a technique for extracting particular chunks of data from the archive, addresses the problems associated with data archiving for video surveillance systems. The three main components of the suggested model are: identifying people in the video; creating metadata for a particular frame; and storing the metadata in the cloud. The first step entails identifying humans in the video material using a method based on artificial intelligence. Advanced algorithms that recognize human faces and other traits can be used to accomplish it. Once the humans have been located, the model generates metadata for that particular frame, including the date, time, and other pertinent information. Then, for convenient access and analysis, this metadata is kept in the cloud. Integrity checks of the data stored in the cloud are  
   
  32  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  performed using a hash function that is embedded in the second component of the model. It guarantees that data is safe from alteration or corruption and that access and analysis may be done in a secure manner. It is essential in deepfake films, which may be used to edit video to fabricate scenarios [9]. The integrity of the footage is protected by utilizing a hash function to detect any data manipulation or alteration. Additionally, it ensures that the data can be securely accessed and analyzed without being altered or corrupted. The approach is anticipated to assist organizations by enhancing data retrieval abilities and archiving processes, which will lead to increased security and better incident reaction times.  
   
  2 Related Studies A substantial amount of research has been done recently to improve the administration and effectiveness of surveillance systems, with a focus on video data analytics in particular. Real-time object detection, tracking, and activity recognition are now possible because to the development of cutting-edge technologies like deep learning, computer vision, and edge computing. This development has significantly increased the overall effectiveness and usefulness of surveillance systems. However, there is a dearth of research on the critical component of surveillance systems—archiving and retrieving the data. For efficiently maintaining and gaining access to huge volumes of video data, effective archiving and retrieval procedures are crucial [10]. Given the current state of growing data breaches and cyber threats, it may be difficult to ensure data integrity, security, and privacy when storing and retrieving video surveillance data due to this study gap. As a result, there is an urgent need for more research and the creation of fresh strategies to deal with the problems related to the storage and retrieval of surveillance data [11]. Closing the gap would result in more thorough and reliable monitoring systems that may better meet the needs of many stakeholders, including private companies and law enforcement authorities. A methodology for protecting the confidentiality and integrity of high-end video data stored in the cloud was put forth by Megala and Swarnalatha [12]. The system incorporates a number of methods, including video summarization and homomorphic encryption, to safeguard private material while permitting authorized users to view and operate with it. The proposed approach is designed to be flexible, scalable, and applicable to various video surveillance scenarios. However, the main limitation of this study lies in its primary focus on privacy preservation. While it does address integrity concerns to an extent, it does not provide a solution for data integrity checks, which could leave some gaps in the overall security of video surveillance data stored in the cloud. Another study by [13] presented a video surveillance system that leverages cloud computing for data storage and processing. The proposed system addresses multiple issues, such as single points of failure and data storage limitations, by distributing the video data across multiple cloud servers. Additionally, it aims to improve the efficiency and costeffectiveness of video surveillance systems. However, the study’s central gap is its lack of focus on data integrity checks. While the system addresses several other aspects of video surveillance, it does not explicitly look at the mechanisms to ensure that the archived data has not been tampered with or compromised, which could be a significant limitation in real-world applications.  
   
  Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems  
   
  33  
   
  Concerns regarding the lack of a data integrity check while obtaining archived video data are raised by the research gaps in present surveillance systems, particularly in archiving and retrieval. When accessing the data for legal or investigative purposes, data integrity is essential to guaranteeing that surveillance film is correct, dependable, and undamaged [14]. The utility of stored video data could be jeopardized if this component is not prioritized since it could be subject to tampering, corruption, or unauthorized access. Furthermore, the reliability of the surveillance system itself may be harmed by the lack of a reliable data integrity check mechanism in the retrieval process. Therefore, it is crucial to design and implement efficient methods for confirming the legitimacy and dependability of retrieved archival video data. To guarantee data integrity during the retrieval process, methods including digital signatures, hashing algorithms, and blockchain-based systems might be used. Moreover, addressing this limitation can lead to more secure, reliable, and efficient surveillance systems capable of handling the ever-growing volume of daily video data. By incorporating data integrity checks into the archiving and retrieval process [15], surveillance systems can better serve the needs of various stakeholders, including law enforcement agencies, businesses, and individuals, who rely on accurate and trustworthy video data for decision-making, investigations, and security management. Ultimately, focusing on data integrity in the archiving and retrieval process will help create a more dependable and resilient foundation [16] for video surveillance systems in the future. Hash functions have become the most common method for ensuring data integrity [17], particularly in digital files. Their usage extends to various applications, including the integrity checks of archived surveillance systems. By generating unique hash values for each file, these functions enable the detection of even minor alterations, ensuring the authenticity and reliability of the stored data. As surveillance footage is often critical in various situations, such as legal proceedings or security investigations, hash functions for data integrity checks have become increasingly essential to maintain the credibility and accuracy of archived information. For example, [18] introduced a lightweight hashing method for verifying the integrity of video files of vehicle black box systems. The method ensures the authenticity and reliability of the video data without compromising system performance. It consists of four main steps (1) key frame extraction, (2) feature extraction, (3) hash generation, and (4) hash storage and verification. It provided a practical solution for verifying the integrity of video files in-vehicle black box systems, where resources are often limited.  
   
  3 The Proposed Model This study proposed a model to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the data archiving model for video surveillance systems on the cloud. The research model includes four critical components designed to enhance the performance of the data archiving model, (1) a system architecture, (2) a data archiving algorithm, (3) a data integrity check, and (4) data schema. First, the system architecture for video archiving surveillance systems on the cloud explains the structure of the proposed model that includes devices, front-end and backend applications, communication channels, storage solutions, and system modules. It  
   
  34  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  demonstrates the basic need for a system architecture to ensure critical surveillance data is stored securely and efficiently accessible when needed. The second component of the data archiving model focuses on the archiving algorithm, which performs several critical tasks to ensure that only relevant data are stored in the cloud. The algorithm reads the video feed, identifies humans, captures the scene, cuts and stores it in a new image file, creates metadata about the individual, and stores it along with the image file, with an index table created to enable quick and easy retrieval of the archived data. By incorporating integrity checks using hash functions, which produce a distinct digital fingerprint, or hash value, for each data file, the third component addresses the security issue and ensures that the highest levels of data security and reliability are maintained. Last but not least, the data schema is a crucial part of the data archiving architecture for cloud-based video surveillance systems. It outlines the metadata and other pertinent information, as well as the structure of the stored data. The efficiency and efficacy of the surveillance system are increased when the archived data is readily available and retrievable for authorized users thanks to a well-designed data structure. Modern video surveillance operations require a system architecture for video archiving of surveillance equipment on the cloud. Different devices, front-end and back-end applications, communication routes, storage options, and system modules must all be supported by the architecture. The gadgets often consist of cameras, sensors, and other monitoring tools that record and provide data to the system, including video. The incoming data must be captured, processed, and sent to the back end for archiving by the frontend application. The back-end program is in charge of archiving the data in the cloud and giving authorized users access to search and retrieval capability. The data transmission requires channels across a virtual private network (VPN) between the devices, the back end, and the cloud. Data preservation and retrieval solutions are essential for system modules including person detection, scene cropping, indexing, and metadata development. Critical surveillance data may be saved safely and made easily accessible when needed with the aid of a well-designed system architecture for video archiving surveillance systems on the cloud. The system architecture for video archiving of surveillance systems in the cloud is shown in Fig. 1.  
   
  Fig. 1. System architecture for cloud-based video archiving of surveillance systems  
   
  Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems  
   
  35  
   
  The archiving algorithm is the main emphasis of the second part of the data archiving paradigm for cloud-based video surveillance systems. In order to make sure that only pertinent data is kept in the cloud, the algorithm completes a number of critical tasks. The system first scans the video feed to find any humans that may be there. The remaining non-human objects are subsequently discarded, ensuring that only pertinent information is kept. The algorithm then records the original file name, time, and frame number for each detected human. It then captures the scene containing the human, cuts and stores it in a new image file, and stores it in the cloud. The system then adds metadata, such as information on the person’s movements and physical traits, to a new image file about the human. Finally, the metadata is stored along with the image file, and an index table is created to enable quick and easy retrieval of the archived data. By implementing this archiving algorithm, the data archiving model can efficiently store and manage large volumes of video data while ensuring that only relevant data is archived. As a result, it reduces storage costs since only relevant data is stored. Algorithm 1 describes the process of data archiving.  
   
  Algorithm 1 Data archiving algorithm for video surveillance systems on the cloud. 1. Start reading the video feed. 2. Identify if there are any humans present in the video. 3. If no humans are present, go back to Step 1 and continue reading the video. 4. If humans are present, capture the original file name, time, and frame number. 5. Discard any objects that are not human. 6. For each human identified, capture the scene containing the human. 7. Cut the scene and store it in a new image file. 8. Store the new image file in the cloud. 9. Create metadata for the new image file containing information about the humans in the scene, such as physical characteristics and movements. 10. Store the metadata along with the image file. 11. Calculate hash values for the metadata and image file. 12. Store the hash values, metadata, and image file. 13. Create an index table for the metadata to retrieve the archived data easily. 14. Go back to Step 1 and continue reading the video until there is no more video to be processed.  
   
  The third component addresses the security issue, a significant concern when storing sensitive surveillance data on the cloud. The integrity check ensures that the data archived on the cloud is free from tampering or corruption. Algorithms are used to accomplish this, ensuring the data’s accuracy, dependability, and security throughout the archiving process. The integrity check [19] of data preserved in the cloud relies heavily on hash algorithms. Each data file is given a distinct digital fingerprint, or hash value, by these routines [20], which is then compared to the original hash value to confirm the integrity of the file. Since hash algorithms can identify even the slightest data changes, any tampering or corruption will be rapidly discovered. This method gives organizations a highly effective and efficient means to check the accuracy of preserved data, allowing them to uphold the highest standards of data security and dependability. By implementing  
   
  36  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  hash functions into the data archiving strategy, organizations may guarantee that their crucial surveillance data is accurate and safe while enabling quick and easy retrieval. Algorithm 2 Data integrity checking using a hash function. 1. Retrieve the information and picture data for each image file kept in the cloud. 2. Utilizing a hash function to determine the image data's hash value. 3. Verify that the hash value generated matches the hash value recorded in the metadata. 4. The data is still intact if the hash values line up. Transfer to the following file. 5. If the hash values are different, the data has been tampered with or corrupted. Notify the system administrator and place the file in quarantine. 6. Repeat steps 1-5 for all cloud-stored image files.  
   
  The data structure, which includes tables to store the information produced by the algorithm, is the fourth component. For example, a table is needed to store information about the video feeds, like the original file name, time, and frame number. Next, a table is needed to store information about the humans in the video, like their physical characteristics, movements, and scene. Next, the metadata requires a separate table to capture information about the new image file, including about the humans in the scene. This table would also include fields for storing the hash values of both the metadata and the image file. Finally, an index table is necessary to retrieve the archived data quickly, with a searchable database of the archived data. Each table in the data schema would have a primary key field to identify each record uniquely. Additionally, there would be foreign key relationships between the tables to ensure that data is appropriately linked and can be accessed and analysed meaningfully. Tables 1, 2, 3 and 4 list the four tables that make up the proposed data schema: Video_Feed, Human_Identification, Metadata, and Index_Table. The original file name, frame number, and time of the video feed are all stored in the Video_Feed table. The Human_Identification database keeps track of details about the people in the video, such as their appearance, how they move, and the scene in which they are present. The new image file’s metadata, including details about the people in the scene and the hash values of the metadata and image file, are stored in the metadata table. The Index_Table, which offers a searchable database of the saved data and enables simple retrieval, is the final component. Table 1. Video_Feed. Column Name  
   
  Data Type  
   
  Description  
   
  Video_Feed_ID  
   
  INT  
   
  Primary key field to uniquely identify video record  
   
  Date  
   
  DATETIME  
   
  The video feed’s date of capture  
   
  Time  
   
  DATETIME  
   
  The time the video was captured  
   
  Frame_Number  
   
  INT  
   
  The frame number of the video  
   
  Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems  
   
  37  
   
  Table 2. Human_Identification. Column Name  
   
  Data Type  
   
  Description  
   
  Human_ID  
   
  INT  
   
  Primary key field to uniquely identify each human  
   
  Video_Feed_ID  
   
  INT  
   
  Foreign key relationship to Video_Feed table  
   
  Frame_Number  
   
  INT  
   
  The frame where human was detected  
   
  Image_File  
   
  IMAGE  
   
  The image containing the human  
   
  Hash_Value  
   
  VARCHAR  
   
  The frame image’s hash value  
   
  Table 3. Metadata. Column Name  
   
  Data Type  
   
  Description  
   
  Metadata_ID  
   
  INT  
   
  Primary key field to uniquely identify metadata  
   
  Human_ID  
   
  INT  
   
  Foreign key relationship to Human_Identification table  
   
  Hash_Value  
   
  VARCHAR  
   
  The frame image’s hash value  
   
  Table 4. Index_Table. Column Name  
   
  Data Type  
   
  Description  
   
  Index_ID  
   
  INT  
   
  Primary key field to uniquely identify index  
   
  Metadata_ID  
   
  INT  
   
  Foreign key relationship to Metadata table  
   
  Hash_Value  
   
  VARCHAR  
   
  The frame image’s hash value  
   
  An entity-relationship diagram (ERD) was created to represent the data schema as in Fig. 2. The Video_Feed table has a one-to-many relationship with the Human_Identification table, indicating that each video feed can have multiple human identification records associated with it. The Human_Identification table has a oneto-many relationship with the Metadata table, indicating that each human identification record can have multiple associated metadata records. Finally, the Metadata table has a one-to-many relationship with the Index_Table table, indicating that each metadata record can have multiple associated index table entries. This diagram provides a visual representation of the data schema and its relationships, which is essential for understanding the data structure and how the various components of the system interact.  
   
  38  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  Fig. 2. The entity-relationship diagram for the data schema.  
   
  4 Evaluation and Results This paper presents preliminary and pilot studies to evaluate the proposed model for video surveillance data archiving on the cloud with integrity checks. The section focuses on developing and testing essential components of the model, ensuring its reliability and effectiveness in handling video surveillance data. The scope of the work presented in this paper includes coding the archiving module, testing the program using a relevant dataset, and developing the integrity check module. A critical experiment assessed the integrity check module’s performance by comparing compromised and non-compromised data. This experimental approach helped determine the model’s ability to differentiate between authentic and tampered data and maintain the integrity of stored footage. The work aims to create a robust and reliable solution for securely archiving and verifying video surveillance data in the cloud, ultimately enhancing the effectiveness of such systems in crime prevention and investigation. 4.1 Coding of the Archiving Module The development of a Python-based software utilizing IDLE shell 3.9.6 and OpenCV is covered in this section, with an emphasis on the archiving and integrity check modules. The application was developed and tested on an Intel Core i7-1165G7 processor from the 11th generation, running at 2.80 GHz with 16.0 GB of RAM and a 64-bit version of Microsoft Windows. The application uses Drop-box for archive storage and keeps surveillance data there as well. The integrity check module ensures that the video files are unaltered and uncompromised by confirming the validity and accuracy of the data that has been stored. Together, these modules offer a solid response for preserving the integrity and security of video surveillance data stored in the cloud, meeting the rising need for trustworthy and readily available material. To find and follow people in a video, a Python script uses the OpenCV library and the Histogram of Oriented Gradients (HOG) descriptor for the archiving module. The script imports necessary libraries, including NumPy, OpenCV, and hashlib, then initialises the HOG descriptor and sets the default human detector. Next, it initialises a window and opens a video file to capture frames. The script retrieves the video’s frames per  
   
  Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems  
   
  39  
   
  second (FPS), frame count, and duration and writes this metadata to a text file. It also defines a function, ‘hash_file’, which computes the SHA-1 hash of a given file. The main loop iterates through each video frame, resizing and converting it to grayscale for faster detection. Finally, the script uses the HOG descriptor to detect humans in the frame, returning bounding boxes and weights. Detected humans are outlined with green rectangles, and each frame is saved to the ‘output’ folder with a unique filename. The script also generates an SHA-1 hash for each saved frame and appends this information and the frame number to the metadata text file. The loop continues until the video ends. Then, the script releases the video capture and closes any open windows and the metadata file. 4.2 Dataset The program’s effectiveness was evaluated using a CCTV video feed sourced from YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQXaOX-_1kQ), a platform owned by Google LLC. The video, created by Swann Outdoor Security Camera, serves as a sample of CCTV footage review. The footage has 30 frames per second (FPS), totalling 1800 in 60 s. The program successfully analysed the feed, detecting the human presence in 843 frames. This test demonstrates the program’s ability to efficiently process and analyse video data, providing valuable insights into human activity within the footage. Figure 3 shows an example of an image file generated from the sampled video. The human presence was marked in green boxes. In addition, for every frame containing a human, a separate image file was generated and recorded in the Human_Identification table, as shown in Fig. 4.  
   
  Fig. 3. An image file containing humans (marked in green boxes) was generated from frame number 229 of the video feed dataset. (Color figure online)  
   
  4.3 Integrity Check Module The integrity check module, a crucial component of the data archiving model for video surveillance systems, can be seamlessly embedded with the retrieval module. Although  
   
  40  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  Fig. 4. The data in the table for the humans’ identification with a hash value.  
   
  the retrieval module is beyond the scope of this paper, as it could involve data mining and machine learning techniques, integrating the integrity check module with it ensures a robust system for data verification. The process of the integrity check module consists of several steps. First, the hash value is calculated using SHA-1 for the given image files, representing the selected frame of the video footage. Next, the stored hash value in the Human_Identification table, calculated during the archiving process, is retrieved. These two hash values are then compared to determine the integrity of the data. If the hash values match, the data is confirmed intact, ensuring the system’s reliability. However, if the hash values do not match, the data has likely been corrupted or tampered with. When combined with the retrieval module, this process fortifies the security and trustworthiness of video surveillance systems, paving the way for a more secure digital landscape. Figure 5 shows the function for calculating the hash value using SHA-1.  
   
  Fig. 5. The function for calculating hash value using SHA-1.  
   
  The first image file containing humans generated by the algorithm of the archiving model was used as a sample to test the integrity check module. The file’s name is 1–5.jpg, in which 1 represents the first image file generated from the footage, and 5 represents the number of frame sequences. The module calculated the hash value (i.e., SHA-1) of  
   
  Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems  
   
  41  
   
  the 1–5.jpg file stored in the client cloud storage and compared it with the value stored in the metadata table generated during the archiving process. A non-compromised file will return the same hash value. The same image file was edited regarding the brightness using photo editing software and renamed 1-5v1.jpg. Then the hash value for the file was calculated. A compromised file will return a different hash value. The screen for the test is shown in Fig. 6.  
   
  Fig. 6. Integrity checked of the original and compromised files.  
   
  4.4 Discussion The proposed model for data archiving for video surveillance systems has potential contributions in addressing the challenges of data storage, retrieval, and integrity in the context of security systems. In order to speed up retrieval and make it simpler to locate pertinent information in the video archive, the model first provides an efficient and effective method for extracting specific information from the footage, identifying people in the video, and generating metadata for the particular frame. Second, the model’s integration of a hash function for integrity checks and use of cloud storage makes sure that the data is secure and shielded from tampering or corruption. Last but not least, it makes managing and analyzing the data over a longer time span easier, which is crucial when data needs to be maintained for lengthy periods of time. For organizations that rely on video surveillance systems for security, the implications of this paradigm are important. It provides a more effective way to manage data and retrieve pertinent information, enhancing security overall and response times. Advanced algorithms and cloud storage can also reduce costs and improve scalability, making it simpler for businesses to expand their security systems as necessary. In conclusion, the suggested model presents a promising strategy for resolving issues with data preservation for video surveillance systems. It has the potential to revolutionize how businesses handle and analyze security data, resulting in better outcomes and increased community and individual safety.  
   
  42  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  5 Conclusion A data archiving model with an integrity check for cloud-based video surveillance systems was developed in this study, and it has been shown that the two tested modules—the archiving module and the data integrity check module—are both effective. By addressing the issues with data storage and resource limitations, the archiving module offers a practical and scalable option for storing video surveillance data on the cloud. The data integrity check module, however, used hash algorithms (specifically, SHA-1) to guarantee the integrity of image files containing people during storage and retrieval. Researchers could investigate the application of machine learning approaches for automatically detecting unauthorized changes in the cloud environment or explore the development of more effective and reliable hash algorithms specifically customized for different video material types. Additionally, integrating the archiving and data integrity check modules into existing surveillance systems hosted on the cloud could be examined, ensuring seamless adoption of these techniques into real-world applications. Continuously refining and advancing cloud-based data archiving models with integrated integrity checks for video surveillance systems will provide a more secure and reliable digital landscape. Acknowledgments. The authors thank the Ministry of Higher Education Malaysia for funding this study under the Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (Ref: FRGS/1/2019/ICT02/UUM/02/2, UUM S/O Code: 14358), and Research and Innovation Management Centre, Universiti Utara Malaysia for the administration of this study. The content of this article is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of MoHE, Malaysia. The authors would also like to extend their gratitude to the Data Management & Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia for their generous support in sponsoring the publication of this article.  
   
  References 1. Goud, K, N., K, S.: Enhanced security for smart door using biometrics and OTP. In: Gunjan, V.K., Zurada, J.M. (eds.) Modern Approaches in Machine Learning & Cognitive Science: A Walkthrough. Studies in Computational Intelligence, vol. 1027, pp. 517–526. Springer, Cham (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-96634-8_47 2. Kalbo, N., Mirsky, Y., Shabtai, A., Elovici, Y.: The security of IP-based video surveillance systems. Sensors (Switzerland) 20, 1–27 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3390/s20174806 3. Elharrouss, O., Noor, A., Somaya, A.-M.: A review of video surveillance systems. J. Vis. Commun. Image Represent. 77, 103116 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jvcir.2021.103116 4. Danewid, A., Andersson, P.: Long term storage in a surveillance environment (2019) 5. Muhammad, K., Hussain, T., Del Ser, J., Ding, W., Gandomi, A.H., De Albuquerque, V.H.C.: Efficient video summarization for smart surveillance systems. In: IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (SSCI), pp. 672–677 IEEE (2022) 6. Wang, Y., Wang, Y., Dai, Y., Jiang, C., Huang, Q.: Intelligent video surveillance platform based on FFmpeg and Yolov5. In: Proceedings of the 4th ACM International Conference on Multimedia in Asia, pp. 1–3 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1145/3551626.3564972  
   
  Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems  
   
  43  
   
  7. Chui, K.T., Vasant, P., Ryan, W.L.: Chui, K.T., Vasant, P., Liu, R.W.: Smart city is a safe city: information and communication technology–enhanced urban space monitoring and surveillance systems: the promise and limitations. In: Smart cities: Issues and challenges, pp. 111–124 (2019) 8. Usha Rani, J., Raviraj, P.: Real-time human detection for intelligent video surveillance: an empirical research and in-depth review of its applications. SN Comput. Sci. 4, 258 (2023) 9. Khan, P.W., Byun, Y.C., Park, N.: A data verification system for CCTV surveillance cameras using blockchain technology in smart cities. Electronics 9, 484 (2020). https://doi.org/10. 3390/electronics9030484 10. Müller, H., Nicolas, M., David, B., Antoine, G.: A review of content-based image retrieval systems in medical applications—clinical benefits and future directions. Int. J. Med. Inform. 73, 1–23 (2004) 11. Šeri´c, L., Ivanda, A., Bugari´c, M., Braovi´c, M.: Semantic conceptual framework for environmental monitoring and surveillance—a case study on forest fire video monitoring and surveillance. Electron 11 (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/electronics11020275 12. Megala, G., Swarnalatha, P.: Efficient high-end video data privacy preservation with integrity verification in cloud storage. Comput. Electr. Eng. 102, 108226 (2022). https://doi.org/10. 1016/j.compeleceng.2022.108226 13. Rodríguez-Silva, D.A., Adkinson-Orellana, L., Gonz’lez-Castaño, F.J., Armiño-Franco, I., Gonz’lez-Martínez, D.: Video surveillance based on cloud storage. IEEE Fifth International Conference on Cloud Computing, pp. 991–992 (2012) 14. Halfawy, M.R., Jantira, H.: Automated defect detection in sewer closed circuit television images using histograms of oriented gradients and support vector machine. Autom. Constr. 38, 1–13 (2014) 15. Kavya, V., Sumathi, R., Shwetha, A. N.: A survey on data auditing approaches to preserve privacy and data integrity in cloud computing. In: Karrupusamy, P., Chen, Joy, Shi, Yong (eds.) Sustainable Communication Networks and Application. Lecture Notes on Data Engineering and Communications Technologies, vol. 39, pp. 108–118. Springer, Cham (2020). https://doi. org/10.1007/978-3-030-34515-0_12 16. Zafar, F., et al.: A survey of cloud computing data integrity schemes: design challenges, taxonomy and future trends. Comput. Secur. 65, 29–49 (2017) 17. Sivathanu, G., Wright, C.P., Zadok, E.: Ensuring data integrity in storage: Techniques and applications. In: StorageSS’05 - Proceedings of the 2005 ACM Workshop on Storage Security and Survivability, pp. 26–36 (2005). https://doi.org/10.1145/1103780.1103784 18. Choi, D., Chung, C.Y., Seyha, T., Young, J.: Factors affecting organizations’ resistance to the adoption of blockchain technology in supply networks. Sustainability 12, 1–37 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3390/su12218882 19. Rene, C.I., Katuk, N., Osman, B.: A survey of cryptographic algorithms for lightweight authentication schemes in the internet of things environment. In: International Conference of Computer and Informatics Engineering (IC2IE), pp. 179–185 (2022) 20. Mohamed, N.N., Yussoff, Y.M., Saleh, M.A., Hashim, H.: Hybrid cryptographic approach for internet of things applications: a review. J. Inf. Commun. Technol. 19, 279–319 (2020). https://doi.org/10.32890/jict2020.19.3.1  
   
  Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society: Security Challenges and Proposed Approach Norshakinah Md Nasir1(B) , Khuzairi Mohd Zaini2 and Noradila Nordin3  
   
  , Suhaidi Hassan2  
   
  ,  
   
  1 Politeknik Sultan Abdul Halim Mua’dzam Shah, Bandar Darulaman,  
   
  06000 Jitra, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 InterNetWorks Research Laboratory, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06000 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia 3 School of Games and Creative Technology, University for the Creative Arts, Farnham GU9 7DS, England, UK  
   
  Abstract. Blockchain technology is a distributed digital ledger in a decentralized network that offers immutability, security, and transparency in various applications among digital societies. The consensus mechanism is the defining technology behind the security and performance of the Blockchain system. Under the Industrial Revolution 4.0, blockchain has been considered for integration into supply chain business as an innovative solution to tackle the challenges of traceability, transparency, lack of trust, and data counterfeiting in digital supply chain management. A private permissioned Blockchain is the most suitable type of Blockchain for Supply Chain Management (SCM) as it promises better performance with high throughput and low latency. However, private Blockchains that use the Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT) consensus mechanism have low-security capabilities and are more vulnerable to cyber-attacks triggered by malicious nodes. In this paper, we outline the research challenges from the security aspect towards the integration of Blockchain with SCM. Then we design an approach for a private Blockchain-based Supply Chain with security capabilities by proposing an enhancement consensus model to the BFT consensus mechanism for identifying and terminating malicious nodes in the consensus process. The performance of the proposed approach will be validated experimentally and compared against Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT). The proposed approach is expected to prevent security attacks on the consensus mechanism, thereby improving the security and performance of the Blockchain system. Keywords: Byzantine Fault Tolerance · Consensus Algorithm · Supply Chain  
   
  1 Introduction The digital communications revolution has led to the support of all types of information interchange using online transactions. Those technologies made the process of business transactions more efficient and secure in a variety of ways. Businesses engaged in the © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 44–57, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_4  
   
  Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  45  
   
  supply chain process are a significant component common to the trade and industrial sectors. Since digital commerce has grown rapidly, there has never been more of a demand for better-enhanced product transparency and source-to-store traceability to understand the provenance of the supply chain products. However, traditional approaches such as centralized databases are no longer appropriate for modern Supply Chain Management (SCM) as they carry the risk of being triggered by increased identity fraud, privacy concerns, and the rising data breach [43]. While digital communication has influenced production and business organizations, they have not yet succeeded in effectively digitizing supply chain transactions. Security concerns and the difficulty of aligning information flows among the multiple parties involved in supply chain transactions have prevented attempts to digitalize supply chain trade [11]. Maintaining data privacy and security in the digital supply chain is critical as private information changes rapidly worldwide. Data transmission in such digital networks is possible to be threatened with various cyber-attacks. Protecting the system from such attacks requires a secure architecture that guarantees the safety of data transferred and stored in the system. Therefore, leveraging modern technology is an innovative solution to better regulate supply chain flows [29] and tackle security, traceability, and transparency issues in digital SCM. Blockchain technology is a new innovative technology under the fourth industrial revolution (Industry 4.0) that is being considered for integration into SCM. The first application of blockchain as the technology underlying Bitcoin cryptocurrencies [30]. The potential use of Blockchain to assist businesses with effective SCM has already been widely studied in academic literature and business players. Blockchain becomes more secure than conventional centralized business models because transactions and ledgers are encrypted. Thus, it possesses the potential to improve the trustworthiness, security, transparency, and traceability of data shared throughout a business network [17]. A permissioned Blockchain with a private network is the most appropriate Blockchain model for the supply chain because it is designed specifically for private transactions and allows for faster transaction processing time in real-time [13, 45]. However, private Blockchain has lower security than public Blockchain [20]. Since private and permissioned Blockchains are governed by a central authority with limited consensus-achieving nodes, the systems become more centralized and more vulnerable to malicious nodes and traditional hacking attacks [9]. The current consensus algorithm used by private blockchain provides a possible attack strategy because the correct consensus can be reached only when less than one-third of the malicious nodes are present [8]. In this paper, we undertake an effort in describing and addressing this challenge. We present a comprehensive discussion on the latest progress and challenges, especially from the security aspect of integrating Blockchain technology with SCM. As an additional contribution, this study then presents an approach to prevent the security attack by proposing a consensus model of an enhancement Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT) consensus mechanism. This proposed consensus model is expected to weaken the overall influence of malicious nodes, reduce the probability of malicious behavior, and further improve the security and performance of private Blockchain-based supply chains.  
   
  46  
   
  N. Md Nasir et al.  
   
  2 Blockchain Technology Blockchain is an append-only Distributed Ledger Technology offering immutability, privacy, security, and transparency in a decentralized network. It represents a paradigm shift in the way business partners trust each other by enabling more effective and secure data sharing [31]. Blockchain is a digital way to store data from a collection of digital rules specified, approved, and performed digitally by all node participants [10]. The digital data stored in the blockchain comes in blocks that are cryptographically chained together in chronological order to make the data immutable and can never be changed again. Blockchain integrates a set of tools consisting of the hash function, timestamp, and Merkle tree technologies used to improve time series and data credit approval; using consensus algorithm and peer-to-peer (P2P) technology to execute collective database maintenance; and cryptography algorithm used to protect user privacy [31]. Blockchain technology distributes recorded data across computer networks, eliminating the possibility of a single point of failure [18]. Blockchain operates with a decentralized P2P network model in which there is no single node, and nodes do not need to trust each other. Untrusted nodes in networks can engage with each other in a verifiable way without the requirement for a reliable centralized authority to function. Since each participant in a Blockchain network depends on the technology that follows predetermined rules, there is no need for an external or internal authority to meet consensus. The transactions among peers will be verified using consensus algorithms. In conjunction with the cryptographic protocols, the consensus algorithm will ensure that the network is secure and guarantee data are true and accurate. Blockchain networks can be differentiated by two dimensions: public or private, defining who is permitted to participate and permissioned or permissionless, defining how participants obtain accessibility to the network [18]. Public and private blockchain is different in the context of the degree of accessibility, where a public network allows anyone to join and perform a transaction without any approval from a third party. Meanwhile, just a restricted number of members can access and monitor the transactions as trusted parties in a private Blockchain. The innovation of Blockchain technology is to develop data structures that feature built-in security qualities. Security in Blockchain technology is triggered by the creative usage of integrating technologies which are the cryptography hashing function and the consensus mechanism, and by being distributed in P2P and decentralization networks [18]. Blockchain’s consensus mechanisms can be regarded as its pillar component since they enforce consistency and trustworthiness, creating tamper-proof and immutable features [34]. An excellent consensus mechanism can ensure the security and fault tolerance of Blockchain systems [52]. The security and performance standard of the Blockchain system will be impacted directly by the selection of the consensus mechanism. 2.1 Fundamentals of Consensus Mechanism in Blockchain A consensus mechanism is a protocol used to make sure that all the users joining the Blockchain platform are adhering to the established rules, and it elevates the Blockchain to a secure, reliable, and trustless solution for digital transactions [5]. The consensus algorithm is applied to determine how the validation network’s nodes reach an agreement  
   
  Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  47  
   
  to append a new block to the blockchain without a need for a central authority, and that there is no double-spending. The groundwork for the consensus algorithm was established in the 1970s by Lamport [24] and Schneider [42] in their effort to create algorithms that were tolerant of a particular kind of faults [46]. There are several representative methods of consensus mechanisms recently with performance and scalability trade-offs [39] including Proof of Work (PoW), Proof of Stake (PoS), and Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT). Consensus mechanisms generally can be categorized into two main categories that are proof-based and votingbased. The proof-based consensus algorithm is used frequently on public Blockchains, while the voting-based consensus algorithm is generally employed in private blockchain [33]. A proof-based consensus mechanism necessitates nodes that join the network to prove they are more efficient in undertaking the task of adding blocks than the others. The node that delivers adequate proof of work will be granted permission to add a new block to the chain and rewarded [33]. PoW is the most extensively employed proof-based consensus protocol in Blockchain digital cryptocurrency. Meanwhile, in voting-based consensus algorithms, nodes directly select the block they believe is legitimate instead of choosing a leader or competing for power over transaction orders [3]. A voting-based consensus needs results exchanged among network nodes before deciding to confirm a new block or transaction [33]. Figure 1 presented illustratively an overview of transactions and consensus processes in the Blockchain system [35].  
   
  Fig. 1. Overview of the Blockchain processes [35].  
   
  In Blockchain-based SCM, secure and faster consensus mechanisms are essential for enhancing and automating business logistics between various stakeholders. However, most of the existent consensus mechanisms of typical blockchain still face many  
   
  48  
   
  N. Md Nasir et al.  
   
  difficulties that affect the technology, such as high computational power, low transactional throughput, and transaction latency. Several consensus mechanisms such as PoW and PoS have been presented considering the requirements of secure digital transactions. This has led SCM applications to face challenges in maintaining consistency and scalability. Moreover, the consensus mechanism for private Blockchain must be able to deal with the Byzantine General Problem (BGP) where the possibility of malicious nodes’ existence in the Blockchain network deliberately weakens the consensus process [25]. 2.2 Supply Chain Management (SCM) SCM plays an important role as the backbone of modern business and an indicator of organizational performance in achieving success, efficiency, and responsiveness, especially for financial benefits and sustainability [51]. Some of the essential aspects that affect the efficiency of the SCM ecosystem are enhanced data visibility, improved product traceability, and effective data sharing amongst various stakeholders. Data accuracy and strategic business processes are essential to all stakeholders in a supply chain system. SCM networks frequently experience exponential growth, necessitating fast communication between many stakeholders. As found by several studies, current supply chain systems are experiencing several problems such as the inefficiency of information sharing, transparency for the stakeholders, the lack of trust in the collaborative system [2, 16], and the difficulty to track the provenance of the products [51]. The problem of security against data tampering by unauthorized individuals [36] and counterfeiting at different product levels also arise and can have negative consequences for consumers, businesses, and governments [44]. 2.3 Consideration for Enabling of Blockchain-Based Supply Chain To adapt to the challenging competitive environment posed by an increasingly dynamic and demanding market, a modern customized application must be implemented to better regulate supply chain flow [29]. In accordance with Industry 4.0, new innovative technologies are being considered for integration into the digital SCM as a trusted service solution. Blockchain is one of these solutions and is gaining momentum in various industries and enterprises, aiming to integrate heterogeneous systems, manage commercial transactions, and enhance asset traceability. Blockchain technology is revolutionizing business in many ways and the use of Blockchain in SCM has the potential to eliminate inefficiencies common in traditional management models [6]. It is projected that the transparency and trustworthiness of traceability information in SCM to be increased by utilizing Blockchain technology. Since business operations are conducted based on information, the information needs to be more accurate and quickly received. Blockchain is ideal for distributing information because it stores real-time, shareable, and entirely transparent data on an immutable ledger. Moreover, Blockchain efficiently simplifies recording transactions and tracking assets in a business network. On a Blockchain network, almost anything of value could be transacted and tracked, minimizing the risk, and cutting costs for all parties involved [19]. Considering its major strengths, Blockchain technology emerges as an outstanding  
   
  Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  49  
   
  alternative to be integrated with industrial facilities since it covers the whole industrial cycle [37].  
   
  3 Challenges of Blockchain-Enabled in Supply Chain Although Blockchain technology has a revolutionary impact in different sectors, there are some potential issues and challenges before its widespread use in the supply chain [21]. Blockchain technology is still very much in the early stages of development, particularly in terms of supply chain traceability [2]. Scalability is also a growing challenge due to the ineffectiveness of the available conventional consensus methods in addressing scalability issues and the inability to offer the required transaction throughput and latency. Their level of security and operational effectiveness still falls well short of the actual requirements of the industries [48]. In addition, the unavailability of any specifically designed consensus algorithms to tackle supply chain issues has made the process of integrating Blockchain into SCM a significant challenge [40]. When implementing a private Blockchain for SCM, the main technological issue is to reach a consensus more efficiently and correctly without sacrificing the system’s security. However, private permissioned blockchain is less secure and more vulnerable to traditional hacking attacks. This is according to the concept of the Blockchain design where the lesser nodes there are on a Blockchain, the simpler it is for malicious actors to collaborate [47]. The most recommended solution refers to improving the consensus protocol [12, 23], which is accountable for preserving the integrity and security of the Blockchain system entirely where each node joining in the network achieves a particular agreement. This consideration has triggered significant research from academia and industry on practical distributed consensus algorithms that are efficient, scalable, secure, trustworthy, and suitable for adaptation within the supply chain applications [23]. However, it is challenging to design a consensus algorithm due to the numerous contrasting interests involved in reaching an agreement. To devise a strategy for reaching a consensus in private blockchain, there is a need to provide an efficient consensus mechanism that meets the desired qualities of security, decentralization, and scalability. 3.1 Security Vulnerabilities in Blockchain While Blockchain technology has its security capabilities and provides a tamper-proof ledger of transactions, cyber-criminals are constantly inventing new strategies for illegally breaking into Blockchain technology. Consequently, applications that are built using blockchain still hold the possibility for security issues and are vulnerable to a wide range of cyberattacks that could endanger the system operation [1, 28]. Various types of attacks are possible over the Blockchain network where the attack mostly originated from malicious nodes involved in reaching consensus, known as The Byzantine General’s Problem (BGP) [25]. The BGP is the possibility of malicious nodes’ existence in the Blockchain network that deliberately weakens the consensus process [25]. The previously designed consensus mechanism assumes that the probabilistic behavior of nodes in the Blockchain network is well-meant. In contentious environments, nodes may engage in malicious behavior that  
   
  50  
   
  N. Md Nasir et al.  
   
  results in Byzantine faults or digress from the standard protocol. The BGP is one of the main theories applied in creating a Blockchain technology which outlines the difficulties to reach a consensus when there is mutual distrust between users of decentralized systems [25]. The security of the Blockchain system depends on the extent of the security and resilience of the consensus model being applied. A security vulnerability at this layer can be particularly serious since it affects all Blockchain applications as a whole [38]. 3.2 Malicious Nodes and Security Attacks in Blockchain The attacks over the Blockchain network mostly originated from the existence of malicious nodes involved in the process of reaching consensus [48]. Some nodes may act maliciously against the common goal and possibly launch security attacks on the Blockchain system. Those with malicious intentions have successfully carried out several hacks and frauds over the years by manipulating known vulnerabilities in Blockchain technology [18]. This is due to the lack of complete consensus among the nodes, which creates certain functional constraints and trade-offs between the performance and security of the system [2]. Malicious nodes are the nodes that illegally breach the trusted consensus protocol and interfere with transaction records, causing the security and efficiency of the Blockchain system to be endangered [48]. As shown in Fig. 2, the highlighted attack vectors by malicious nodes can result in a severe impact on the applications that are based on the Blockchain network. Those possible attacks can be divided according to vectors in Blockchain architecture. The security attacks including the Denial of Service (Dos), Eclipse attack, Sybil attack, and routing attack are attempts to attack the Blockchain network as a whole [14, 41]. Meanwhile, the attacks like Double spending attack, 51% attack, and Finney attack are among the security attacks specifically over the transaction verification mechanism in Blockchain [14], which revealed serious weaknesses in the consensus protocol that made these attacks possible [41]. Creating a precise categorizer in a Byzantine Blockchain network is complicated due to the imbalance between legitimate and malicious nodes’ behavior [53]. Therefore, it is important to analyze such cyber-attacks to identify weaknesses in consensus mechanisms that could result in attacks targeting digital transactions. Further, to propose a  
   
  Fig. 2. Blockchain attack vectors.  
   
  Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  51  
   
  preventive solution to these attacks to enhance security in private Blockchain supply chain systems while maintaining their performance. From the preliminary analysis that has been carried out, this study found that there is a research gap related to developing an appropriate consensus algorithm for equivalence security and performance which is essential to addressing challenges in supply chain business applications based on Blockchain technology.  
   
  4 Challenges of Blockchain-Enabled in Supply Chain Several current works on Blockchain-based supply chain and consensus algorithms, as well as some earlier studies, contributed as the motivation for our work. This section includes a succinct overview of some related existing works. 4.1 Blockchain-Based Supply Chain System The employment of Blockchain technology in the supply chain has drawn the interest of academia and industry to enhance product safety and traceability, increase trust, and secure data sharing while lessening costs at the same time. An alternative approach has been proposed in [2] by integrating Blockchain with IoT elements to build trust throughout the supply chain system. Their results show that data sharing can be simplified, and the latency, storage, and computational requirements can be reduced. Hu et al. [15] proposed a trust framework for the organic agricultural supply chain (OASC) leveraging the immutability of blockchain in conjunction with the edge computing paradigm. The trust framework proposed by this work aims to support tamper-proof records to make OASCs more authentic, transparent, and trustworthy. Blockchain has also attracted widespread interest in the food supply chain industry. Walmart [32] is a commercial venture that leverages Blockchain technology to digitally transform the supply chain process to bring transparency to a decentralized food supply chain ecosystem. The original blockchain established by Satoshi Nakamoto [30] is entirely public and had 100% distributed control. However, this design is not suitable for all possible ledger applications due to the differing degrees of control required by different applications. Moreover, traditional public Blockchain applications experience low throughput and high latency due to the massive commitment of computational power caused by the complexity of the consensus process. Due to security concerns, the importance of data privacy, and competitiveness concerns among participants, the supply-chain Blockchains would need to be permissioned with central access controlled and limited to authorized participants [22, 47]. This is one of the factors why IBM contributed to the implementation of the private permissioned blockchain in the enterprise known as the Linux Foundation’s Hyperledger Project [22]. A private permissioned Blockchain restricts public access to the Blockchain network to participants who have received permission from predetermined administrators, therefore, these Blockchains are only partially decentralized [47]. Therefore, private permissioned Blockchain is the most suitable type of Blockchain network for supply chain because it is designed specifically for private transactions and has high real-time transaction speed [45]. Corda, Hyperledger, and Quorum are among the prominent permissioned blockchain around nowadays.  
   
  52  
   
  N. Md Nasir et al.  
   
  4.2 Consensus Mechanisms for Private Blockchain It has been discovered that SCM based on Blockchains has the possibility to enhance the effectiveness of information sharing across the supply chain. However, due to the inefficient and incomplete consensus mechanism, it is impractical to directly integrate Blockchain in SCM for efficiency [40]. Litke et al. [27] discussed the feasibility of SCM and outlined a number of decentralized consensus techniques that can be applied in SCM-based applications. They concluded that even if there are existing consensus approaches, there remains a demand for consensus mechanisms that can handle a diverse range of use cases and applications for different supply chains domain. Since private and permissioned Blockchains are governed by a central authority with limited consensusachieving nodes, the systems become more centralized, less secure, and more vulnerable to malicious nodes and traditional hacking attacks [9, 20]. Likewise, private permissioned Blockchains face the critical problem of finding a balance between security and consensus efficiency that needs to be addressed immediately [53]. Most protocols for achieving consensus in private and permissioned Blockchain systems are based on BFT and BGP solving [46]. However, the BFT consensus algorithm is vulnerable to malicious nodes because BFT can tolerate even with up to one-third of failure nodes and the correct consensus can still be reached [8]. Although there are a limited number of recognized participants in private and permissioned Blockchains, it is impossible to determine between trustworthy and malicious nodes with absolute confidence. Recent consensus approaches proposed for the consensus process under BFT focus on improving performance and scalability and addressing the problem of centralization in a private Blockchain. Among the most common consensus mechanisms under the BFT are PBFT and Federated Byzantine Fault Tolerance (FBFT). PBFT [7] is a low-complexity consensus algorithm with high practicability in distributed systems. PBFT requires every consensus to be performed in the same sequence on every copy among known participants that can tolerate up to a third of the participant’s failure [52]. The main benefit of PBFT is that it consumes less electricity due to lower processing complexity and higher throughput. However, PBFT is developed for systems with a few nodes [46] and does not prioritize security or enhance the handling of malicious nodes [50]. The PBFT consensus algorithm and its variations are susceptible to numerous attacks directed toward the primary node and cannot identify and remove faulty nodes in the blockchain system [26]. FBFT is designed to solve the large-scale communication challenge by implying that nodes interchange messages only with trusted nodes [49]. While FBFT has several advantages such as high throughput, network scalability, and low transaction costs, the FBFT has the unique capability to blend known and unknown participants, which could increase the risks to financial trustworthiness. Moreover, FBFT suffers from security flaws due to faulty or malicious nodes [4]. How to reach a balance between scalability, security, and decentralization remains a challenge that needs to be immediately resolved within private and permissioned Blockchains [53].  
   
  Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  53  
   
  5 The Proposed Approach Selecting an effective way to identify and terminate malicious entities on a private permissioned Blockchain network is important to offer complete security on the Blockchain network. Several researchers have taken steps to tackle the issues; the most recommended solution refers to improving the consensus protocol [12, 23]. However, reaching a balance between security and performance remains a challenge that needs to be immediately resolved within private Blockchains [53]. In this essence, this research aims to reduce the most prominent problem in the consensus process which is the existence of malicious nodes that can cause cyber-attacks over private Blockchain-based SCM. In order to reduce the number of malicious nodes, this study proposes an approach by designing an enhanced consensus model for the consensus process to improve the security and performance of private Blockchain-based supply chain systems compared to existing mechanisms. The proposed approach was formulated with a critical review of the earlier employed consensus mechanisms based on the BFT consensus mechanism. 5.1 The System Model and Consensus Schemes Figure 3 shows the proposed system model of the consensus mechanism in a private Blockchain-based SCM. The consensus process in current consensus mechanisms of a private and permissioned Blockchain consists of two main phases that are the selection of the consensus nodes (1. Consensus Nodes Selection Scheme) and the achievement of the consensus on the verification of the block (2. Consensus Achievement Scheme) [22]. This study proposes new schemes for the consensus mechanism to improve the security and performance in a private Blockchain-based supply chain system compared to existing schemes. The proposed consensus model comprises two schemes: the identification of malicious nodes and the termination of malicious nodes. The first scheme is initiating the malicious node identification based on the node’s behavior. During the consensus process, the consensus node is monitored by the primary node to obtain reputation information based on the behavior of the node to be analyzed. The behavioral-based analysis depends on validating actions and reputation the node issues in network transactions. When the primary node detects that the node’s reputation dropped under a specified threshold, the malicious node is identified, and the consensus process will be stopped. The consensus process will enter the second scheme, the votingbased termination module for malicious node termination. All network nodes will vote for the identified malicious nodes for termination from the consensus process. When the votes are more than half of the nodes, the malicious node will be terminated, and the consensus process will be continued. When the consensus is achieved, the transaction will be verified, the block will be added to the Blockchain ledger, and the transaction is complete. The proposed schemes will be designed based on the BFT consensus mechanism in a private and permissioned Blockchain architectural environment which is based on the Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain framework. Network Simulator 3 (NS-3) is selected in this proposed research plan to emulate the actual Blockchain network scenarios. The simulation and evaluation of this research will be strictly conducted within the private  
   
  54  
   
  N. Md Nasir et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. The proposed system model of consensus mechanism for private Blockchain SCM.  
   
  and permissioned Blockchain environment. Specifically, a private Blockchain environment and consensus mechanism will be created with malicious node identification and termination schemes using NS-3. Finally, the performance evaluation results of the proposed schemes will be analyzed and compared with the previous studies to support and prove its effectiveness. The success factor of this proposed model is the correctness of achieving consensus with better security and improvement of performance in private blockchain.  
   
  6 Conclusion Research on blockchain and its application in SCM is extensive, and many challenges will be ahead. This study undertakes an effort to present a comprehensive discussion on the latest progress and challenges, especially from the security aspect towards integrating Blockchain technology with SCM. We first present an overview of Blockchain technology, and the surfaced issues encountered in the SCM which led to considerations for the Blockchain technology integration into SCM. In particular, this study outlines the research challenges from the security aspect that arise in Blockchain-based SCM. As an additional contribution, this study then presents an approach to prevent security attacks by proposing a consensus model of an enhancement to the BFT consensus mechanism for identifying and terminating malicious nodes in the consensus process. In contrast to previous related studies, we also outline the importance of using appropriate network models and consensus methods towards delivering reliable and efficient Blockchainbased SCM. We conclude that to increase security while maintaining a Blockchain-based SCM’s performance standard, comprehensive research must be carried out to identify such security problems and formulate solutions. Blockchain technology will potentially ensure efficiency and transparency, enhancing financial performance and the entire SCM. We hope our discussion and the proposed approach here will open up opportunities for  
   
  Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  55  
   
  the researchers to create new ideas and approaches for a secure Blockchain-based Supply Chain for a sustainable digital society. Acknowledgments. This research is supported by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) of Malaysia through the Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (FRGS/1/2020/ICT11/UUM/02/1).  
   
  References 1. Al-Farsi, S., Rathore, M.M., Bakiras, S.: Security of blockchain-based supply chain management systems: challenges and opportunities. Appl. Sci. 11(12), 5585 (2021) 2. Al-Rakhami, M.S., Al-Mashari, M.: A blockchain-based trust model for internet of things supply chain management. Sensors 21(5), 1759 (2021) 3. Altarawneh, A.: Liveness analysis, modeling, and simulation of blockchain consensus algorithms’ ability to tolerate malicious miners. Ph.D. thesis, University of Tennessee at Chattanooga (2021) 4. Bains, P.: Blockchain consensus mechanism: a primer for supervision. International Monetary Fund (2022) 5. Baliga, A.: Understanding blockchain consensus models. Persistent 4(1), 14 (2017) 6. Borah, M.D., Naik, V.B., Patgiri, R., Bhargav, A., Phukan, B., Basani, S.G.M.: Supply chain management in agriculture using blockchain and IoT. In: Kim, S., Deka, G.C. (eds.) Advanced applications of blockchain technology. SBD, vol. 60, pp. 227–242. Springer, Singapore (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-13-8775-3_11 7. Castro, M., Liskov, B.: Practical byzantine fault tolerance and proactive recovery. ACM Trans. Comput. Syst. (TOCS) 20(4), 398–461 (2002) 8. Castro, M., Liskov, B., et al.: Practical byzantine fault tolerance. In: OsDI, vol. 99, pp. 173–186 (1999) 9. Cryptopedia: The blockchain trilemma: fast, secure, and scalable networks. gemini.com. https://www.gemini.com/cryptopedia/blockchain-trilemma-decentralization-scalab ility-definition. Accessed 08 Oct 2022 10. Fu, H., Zhao, C., Cheng, C., Ma, H.: Blockchain-based agri-food supply chain management: case study in China. Int. Food Agribus. Manage. Rev. 23(5), 667–679 (2020). https://doi.org/ 10.22434/ifamr2019.0152 11. Ganne, E.: Can blockchain revolutionize international trade? World Trade Organization, Geneva (2018) 12. Geroni, D.: Blockchain Scalability Problem – Why is it Difficult to Scale Blockchain. https:// 101blockchains.com/blockchain-scalability-challenges/. Accessed 30Sept 2021 13. Gupta, M.: Blockchain for Dummies, 3rd IBM Limited Edition. Wiley, Hoboken (2020) 14. Hassija, V., Zeadally, S., Jain, I., Tahiliani, A., Chamola, V., Gupta, S.: Framework for determining the suitability of blockchain: criteria and issues to consider. Trans. Emerg. Telecommun. Technol. 32(10), e4334 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1002/ett.4334 15. Hu, S., Huang, S., Huang, J., Su, J.: Blockchain and edge computing technology enabling organic agricultural supply chain: a framework solution to trust crisis. Comput. Ind. Eng. 153, 107079 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cie.2020.107079 16. Hua, A.V., Notland, J.S.: Blockchain enabled trust & transparency in supply chains. Norwegian University of Science and Technology (2016) 17. IBM: Benefits of Blockchain (2022). https://www.ibm.com/topics/benefits-of-blockchain 18. IBM: What is blockchain security? (2022). https://www.ibm.com/topics/blockchain-security  
   
  56  
   
  N. Md Nasir et al.  
   
  19. IBM: What is blockchain technology? https://www.ibm.com/my-en/topics/what-is-blockc hain. Accessed 30 Dec 2021 20. Iredale, G.: Introduction to Permissioned Blockchains. https://101blockchains.com/permis sioned-blockchain/. Accessed 02 June 2019 21. Jabbar, S., Lloyd, H., Hammoudeh, M., Adebisi, B., Raza, U.: Blockchain-enabled supply chain: analysis, challenges, and future directions. Multimedia Syst. 27(4), 787–806 (2021) 22. Jaeger, L.G.: Public versus private: what to know before getting started with blockchain (2018). https://www.ibm.com/blogs/blockchain/2018/public-versus-private-what-to-knowbefore-getting-started-with-blockchain/ 23. Khan, D., Jung, L.T., Hashmani, M.A.: Systematic literature review of challenges in blockchain scalability. Appl. Sci. 11(20), 9372 (2021) 24. Lamport, L.: Time, clocks, and the ordering of events in a distributed system. Commun. ACM 21, 558–565 (1978) 25. Lamport, L., Shostak, R., Pease, M.: The byzantine generals problem. ACM Trans. Program. Lang. Syst. (TOPLAS) 4(3), 382–401 (1982). https://doi.org/10.1145/357172.357176 26. Lei, K., Zhang, Q., Xu, L., Qi, Z.: Reputation-based byzantine fault-tolerance for consortium blockchain. In: 2018 IEEE 24th International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS), pp. 604–611 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/PADSW.2018.8644933 27. Litke, A., Anagnostopoulos, D., Varvarigou, T.: Blockchains for supply chain management: architectural elements and challenges towards a global scale deployment. Logistics 3(1), 5 (2019) 28. Maskey, S.R.: Reputation-based miner node selection in blockchain-based vehicular networks. Ph.D. thesis, University of Nevada, Reno (2021) ˇ cikait˙e, R.: An integrated impact of 29. Meidute-Kavaliauskiene, I., Yıldız, B., Çi˘gdem, S, ¸ Cinˇ blockchain on supply chain applications. Logistics 5(2), 33 (2021) 30. Nakamoto, S.: Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash system. Decentralized Business Review, p. 21260 (2008) 31. Nasir, N.M., Hassan, S., Zaini, K.M., Nordin, N.: Blockchain trust impact in agribusiness supply chain: a survey, challenges, and directions. In: 2022 IEEE Region 10 Symposium (TENSYMP), pp. 1–6 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/TENSYMP54529.2022.9864418 32. Nation, J.: Walmart tests food safety with blockchain traceability. Abgerufen unter (10.09. 2018) (2017). https://www.ethnews.com/walmart-testsfood-safety-with-blockchaintraceabi lity 33. Nguyen, G.T., Kim, K.: A survey about consensus algorithms used in blockchain. J. Inf. Process. Syst. 14(1), 101–128 (2018) 34. Oyinloye, D.P., Teh, J.S., Jamil, N., Alawida, M.: Blockchain consensus: an overview of alternative protocols. Symmetry 13(8), 1363 (2021) 35. Puthal, D., Malik, N., Mohanty, S.P., Kougianos, E., Das, G.: Everything you wanted to know about the blockchain: its promise, components, processes, and problems. IEEE Consum. Electron. Mag. 7(4), 6–14 (2018) 36. Rana, S.K., et al.: Blockchain-based model to improve the performance of the next-generation digital supply chain. Sustainability 13(18), 10008 (2021) 37. Rosa Righi, Rd., Alberti, A.M., Singh, M. (eds.): Blockchain Technology for Industry 4.0. BT, Springer, Singapore (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-15-1137-0 38. Roßbach, P.: Security in blockchain applications. Technical report, 2018-03-13 (2018) 39. Rouhani, S.: Data trust framework using blockchain and smart contracts. Ph.D. thesis, University of Saskatchewan (2021) 40. Sarfaraz, A., Chakrabortty, R., L Essam, D.: RPoC: an efficient and scalable consensus algorithm for SCM applications (2021) 41. Sayeed, S., Marco-Gisbert, H.: Assessing blockchain consensus and security mechanisms against the 51% attack. Appl. Sci. 9(9), 1788 (2019)  
   
  Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  57  
   
  42. Schneider, F.B.: Implementing fault-tolerant services using the state machine approach: a tutorial. ACM Comput. Surv. (CSUR) 22(4), 299–319 (1990) 43. Sharma, S., Kumar, A., Bhushan, M., Goyal, N., Iyer, S.S.: Is blockchain technology secure to work on? In: Blockchain and AI Technology in the Industrial Internet of Things, pp. 66–80. IGI Global (2021) 44. Shashiraja: How to Leverage Technology for Traceability and Anti-counterfeiting? – Data For Decisions. https://dford.co.in/how-to-leverage-technology-for-traceability-and-anti-cou nterfeiting/. Accessed 23 Jun 2022 45. Surjandari, I., Yusuf, H., Laoh, E., Maulida, R.: Designing a permissioned blockchain network for the halal industry using hyperledger fabric with multiple channels and the raft consensus mechanism. J. Big Data 8(1), 1–16 (2021) 46. Tomi´c, N.Z.: A review of consensus protocols in permissioned blockchains. J. Comput. Sci. Res. 3(2), 32–39 (2021) 47. Wegrzyn, K.E., Wang, E.: Types of blockchain: public, private, or something in between (2021). https://www.foley.com/en/insights/publications/2021/08/types-of-blockc hain-public-private-between 48. Yang, F., Zhou, W., Wu, Q., Long, R., Xiong, N.N., Zhou, M.: Delegated proof of stake with downgrade: a secure and efficient blockchain consensus algorithm with downgrade mechanism. IEEE Access 7, 118541–118555 (2019) 49. Yoo, J., Jung, Y., Shin, D., Bae, M., Jee, E.: Formal modeling and verification of a federated byzantine agreement algorithm for blockchain platforms. In: 2019 IEEE International Workshop on Blockchain Oriented Software Engineering (IWBOSE), pp. 11–21. IEEE (2019) 50. Yu, X., Qin, J., Chen, P.: Gpbft: A practical byzantine fault-tolerant consensus algorithm based on dual administrator short group signatures. Secur. Commun. Netw. 2022, 1–11 (2022) 51. Zhang, J.: Deploying blockchain technology in the supply chain. In: Computer Security Threats, p. 57. IntechOpen, London (2019) 52. Zhang, S., Lee, J.H.: Analysis of the main consensus protocols of blockchain. ICT Exp. 6(2), 93–97 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.icte.2019.08.001 53. Zhang, X., Xue, M., Miao, X.: A consensus algorithm based on risk assessment model for permissioned blockchain. Wirel. Commun. Mob. Comput. 2022, 1–21 (2022)  
   
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System Mochamad Azkal Azkiya Aziz1(B) , Basheer Riskhan1 and Mohamad Nazim Jambli3  
   
  , Nur Haryani Zakaria2  
   
  ,  
   
  1 Albukhary International University, 05200 Alor Setar, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  , [email protected]   
   
  2 Data Management & Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing,  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia 3 Faculty of Computer Science and Information Technology, University Malaysia Sarawak,  
   
  Kota Samarahan, Sarawak, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Phishing attacks have emerged as a major problem in the digital world due to a rising trend in their frequency. While various approaches have been developed to detect and prevent phishing attacks, a definitive solution to the problem has yet to be discovered. This study discusses automated anti-phishing systems while analyzing and comparing various anti-phishing strategies using exploratory research. Traditional, machine learning, and deep learning-based anti-phishing systems are discussed in the article. The study highlights the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) based systems, particularly utilizing methods such as Convolutional Neural Networks, Support Vector Machines, and Recurrent Neural Networks. These AI-based approaches dominate the current trend in the field. This study could potentially be helpful for researchers who wish to delve deeper into the topic of automated phishing detection and prevention systems with a comprehensive review. It is advised to carry out further research to investigate the strengths and limitations of different methods and algorithms used in automated anti-phishing systems to understand their performance and effectiveness better. Keywords: Phishing · Anti-phishing · Machine Learning · Deep Learning  
   
  1 Introduction As computer technology advances, the entire aspect of human life becomes increasingly dependent on it. The Internet has played a significant role in shaping the world today, connecting people from all corners of the globe and enabling new forms of communication and collaboration. It has become essential resource for healthcare, education, and businesses organizations, allowing people to access information and services from anywhere in the world. A report shows that 50% of the world’s population is active internet users, with 4.59 billion active on social media alone [1]. The Internet has also profoundly impacted how we conduct business, enabling the growth of e-commerce and online marketplaces and allowing multi-national organizations to expand their reach and connect with customers and partners in new ways. It has © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 58–69, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_5  
   
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System  
   
  59  
   
  also revolutionized the healthcare industry, enabling telemedicine, remote consultation, and online education for healthcare professionals, providing better healthcare access for many people, especially in remote or underserved areas. However, as the reliance on technology and the Internet increases, so does the risk of security threats. Cybercriminals are constantly developing new methods to exploit vulnerabilities in networks and systems, and the internet has become a breeding ground for cybercrime, including phishing attacks, malware, and other forms of cyber-attacks. Therefore, it is crucial now more than ever to be vigilant and to take steps to protect our cyberspace from these threats. One of the most prevalent threats facing internet users today is phishing attacks, which are criminal activities that aim to retrieve personal information through social engineering and other advanced techniques. Phishing attacks typically involve using fake websites, emails, or other forms of communication to trick victims into revealing sensitive information such as credit card numbers or login credentials. According to a report by the Anti Phishing Working Group (APWG), the number of observed phishing attacks in 2022 reached a record high of 1,097,811 cases, with a 47% increase in threats on social media specifically [2]. This indicates that strategies used by the attackers are becoming more sophisticated in their methods, while victims may not be sufficiently equipped to defend themselves. In order to combat the threat of phishing attacks, various approaches have been developed. These approaches can incorporate both social engineering prevention and technical prevention methods. The method of social engineering prevention is centered on educating and creating awareness among the cyberspace users about the potential dangers of phishing attacks, as well as how to identify and avoid them. This can include providing information on how to recognize and report phishing attempts, as well as training organizational workers on how to spot and report suspicious activity. The other method, known as technical prevention, revolves around using technology to recognize and prevent phishing attacks before they even begin to cause any damage. Automated phishing detection and prevention systems are among the most successful technical prevention methods. These automated solutions detect and block phishing attempts in real time by utilizing modern algorithms and technologies that include machine learning, natural language processing, and threat intelligence. These systems can recognize and flag suspicious activity and take appropriate action to prevent it from reaching the intended targets of the attackers by continually monitoring and analyzing network traffic and email interactions. Some systems also include features such as browser extensions or APIs that can be integrated with other security systems to provide additional protection. They can also provide detailed reports and analytics on phishing attempts, helping organizations understand the threat’s nature and scope and allowing them to make more informed decisions about protecting their networks and assets. In conclusion, automated anti-phishing systems provide a critical layer of protection for internet users by continuously monitoring and analyzing network traffic and user communications, and these systems are capable of identifying and flagging suspicious activity and take appropriate action to prevent it from reaching the intended targets of the attackers.  
   
  60  
   
  M. A. A. Aziz et al.  
   
  As the advancements in internet technology progresses, so does the sophistication of phishing attacks that malicious actors carry out. These attacks pose a growing threat to individuals and organizations; as they evolve, they become progressively more challenging to detect and employ diverse approaches. In order to effectively counter phishing threats, the development of automated anti-phishing systems must keep pace with the advancements in current technologies. Therefore, it becomes crucial to identify the effectiveness and efficiency of advanced automated anti-phishing. This study aims to identify common methods for automated phishing detection and prevention and comprehensively review the related literature. In order to do this, two research questions were constructed to drive the study, which are; (1) what are the available automated methods for detecting and preventing phishing, and (2) how efficient are these common detection and prevention methods. The research aims to investigate the use of automated detection and prevention systems in combating phishing attacks. It will thoroughly review existing literature and studies in the field, including scientific papers, articles, and reports. The objective of the review is to understand the various technologies and algorithms used in these systems and evaluate their effectiveness in detecting and preventing phishing attacks. The research will also identify current systems’ limitations and challenges and determine areas for future research. It is important to note that the research is limited to a literature review and does not involve primary research or experimentation. The information available in the literature may be influenced by the current state of research on the subject and may affect the scope of the research. This research is significant as it addresses the growing need for effective solutions to combat the increasing progression of phishing attacks. The research findings can contribute to the community by identifying suitable anti-phishing systems and providing insights to the limitations and challenges faced by current systems. It can also serve as a reference for future studies in the field and benefit other researchers who are interested in the topic. The significance of the research lies in its support to the development of methods for countering phishing attempts and provides information on their challenges and limitations. Additionally, it contributes to the body of information regarding the development of automated systems that can successfully detect and stop phishing attacks. This article is organized as follows; the next section will discuss the literature review, the methodology, the results and findings will be presented, and a discussion and conclusion.  
   
  2 Literature Review 2.1 Phishing Attack Phishing is a malicious cybercrime that employs social engineering techniques to fool victims and steal their personal information and credentials. It is considered a significant threat in the cyber world, as highlighted by [3]. The history of phishing began in 1996 when an attack on internet provider AOL was conducted using social engineering techniques to acquire users’ billing information by pretending to be an authority [4]. From that point onwards, phishing has become a common cyber threat that is recognized by many. Research studies have shown that it is a major factor in 90% of data breaches [5]. Phishing attacks often start with emails that frighten the targets into responding right  
   
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System  
   
  61  
   
  away. This often involves the act of clicking on a link or opening an attachment, which are actions that can lead to malware being installed on the target’s computer, personal information being stolen, or the target being directed to a fraudulent website designed to steal sensitive information. Phishing attacks have become more sophisticated, and cybercriminals constantly invent new methods to evade detection and steal sensitive information. As technology develops, so do the tactics used by phishers. They can now target other platforms such as social networks, blogs, forums, mobile apps, messaging platforms, and emails [6, 7]. With the rise of phishing, it’s becoming more and more crucial for individuals and organizations to be vigilant and take measures to protect themselves from phishing attacks. This includes educating themselves about the different types of phishing attacks, how to recognize them, and implementing security measures such as firewalls, antivirus software, and intrusion detection systems. 2.2 Automated Anti-phishing System Phishing is a prevalent form of cybercrime that involves tricking victims into revealing personal information and credentials using social engineering tactics. A study conducted by [7] found that most research indicates that phishing through URLs and fake websites is the main technique attackers use. Innovative solutions have been proposed to reduce the chances of victims falling for phishing attempts, such as using browser extensions and warning systems before the victim proceeds to a malicious URL. However, despite these proposed security tools, the human factor is still the primary key in successful phishing attempts [8]. Various solutions to encountering phishing attacks are described in [3]. The first is awareness and education for the victim, and the second is using blacklisting to block suspected phishing sites, but this solution is not always effective. The third solution is using machine learning and deep learning approaches, which can be effective but require high knowledge and expertise. Despite the various proposed solutions, there is still no definite answer and decisive solution to encountering the challenges of phishing attacks. Machine learning approaches have become increasingly popular for the automated detection of phishing websites, as it can be treated as a simple binary classification problem, where the goal is to classify a website as either legitimate or phishing. In order train a machine learning model for a learning-based detection system, data must be related to phishing and legitimate website classes [9]. The scale of the datasets, however, presents a considerable challenge when using machine learning approaches to detect potentially dangerous URLs. This problem can be tedious and computationally resource-consuming [10]. To overcome this challenge, one possible solution is to use feature selection techniques, which can help reduce the complexity of the dataset. Another method for automated anti-phishing systems involves the use of deep learning. Recent progress in the field of deep learning has indicated that employing deep neural networks to categorize phishing websites could potentially yield better results compared to the more traditional machine learning algorithms [11]. Research carried out by [12] uncovered that a majority of studies released from 2019 to 2020 favors deep learning, which frequently produced better performance outcomes. Nonetheless, there  
   
  62  
   
  M. A. A. Aziz et al.  
   
  are certain limitations when delving into the realm of the deep learning method, including lengthy training periods, the need for large datasets, and the heavy consumption of computing resources. According to [13] and [14], deep learning is a subset of machine learning based on artificial neural networks. The neural network architecture is designed to learn features automatically and adaptively from the data, which allows it to classify new data samples even when the data is not labeled. Deep learning is therefore particularly helpful for finding patterns in unstructured data, notably text and images. Overall, deep learning-based anti-phishing systems have the potential to outperform traditional machine learning-based solutions in terms of its effectiveness. However, using deep learning requires large amounts of data and significant computing resources, which can be a limitation. Despite these limitations, many researchers predict that deep learning-based anti-phishing systems will become increasingly prevalent as technology advances.  
   
  3 Methodology 3.1 Research Approach This study’s research approach focuses on analyzing the common methods used to detect and prevent phishing attacks using qualitative research methods. The data for this research will be acquired from current secondary sources. This means that the researcher will collect information from existing sources such as scientific papers, articles, and reports rather than gathering new data using primary research methods such as surveys or experiments. This approach is useful for deeply understanding this field’s current state and identifying areas where further research is needed. 3.2 Research Design The research design is divided into literature selection and data analysis. The literature selection process will involve identifying relevant literature and studies on automated detection and prevention systems against phishing attacks. This is done by searching academic databases, online journals, and technical reports. Once the relevant literatures have been identified, a thorough review was conducted, focusing on the methods and technologies used in automated detection and prevention systems, as well as their effectiveness in detecting and preventing phishing attacks. The limitations and challenges of current systems and identifying areas where further research is needed were also conducted. The research design is adapted based on the systematic literature review proposed by [15, 16]. The methodology of the research can be explained in the following Table 1:  
   
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System  
   
  63  
   
  Table 1. Research Design Research Phase  
   
  Description  
   
  Phase 1  
   
  • • • •  
   
  Phase 2  
   
  • Conducting review • Data extraction and analysis  
   
  Baselining the research questions Creating data source of the research Determine inclusion and exclusion criteria Literature and study selection  
   
  During the first phase of the research, the research question was clearly stated, and the foundation for the study was established. In addition, the data sources and criteria for selecting literature were found. This included using inclusion and exclusion criteria to identify and extract relevant literature for the study [17]. The inclusion criteria refer to the characteristics the literature must possess to be included in the study. In contrast, the exclusion criteria refer to characteristics that eliminate the literature from being included in the study [18]. Together, these criteria helped to ensure that only the most relevant and useful literature was used in the research (Table 2). Table 2. Literature Criteria Criteria List  
   
  Details  
   
  Electronic Database and Search Engine • • • • • • • • Searched Item  
   
  • • • •  
   
  ProQuest (www.proquest.com) Google Scholar (scholar.google.com) arXiv (arxiv.org) Research Gate (researchgate.net) Springer (link.springer.com) IEEE (ieeexplore.ieee.org) ScienceDirect (sciencedirect.com) Semantic Scholar (semanticscholar.org) Journal Conference Book Statistic Report  
   
  Language  
   
  English  
   
  Publication Period  
   
  Year 2017–2023  
   
  Inclusion Criteria  
   
  • Article that includes information related to phishing attacks or anti-phishing attacks • Article that provides information of automated anti-phishing prevention and detection technique • Article that provides information of the evaluation of the automated anti-phishing prevention and detection technique  
   
  (continued)  
   
  64  
   
  M. A. A. Aziz et al. Table 2. (continued)  
   
  Criteria List  
   
  Details  
   
  Exclusion Criteria  
   
  • Article that does not cover the automated anti-phishing prevention and detection technique • Article that does not relevant and highlight the research question  
   
  The systematic review of existing literature followed a structured process involving searches across multiple databases. This search utilized specific keywords and phrases closely tied to the subject matter of the study. The inclusion criteria were applied to select the literature, which included studies published from 2017 to 2022 and primarily focused on anti-phishing and machine learning or deep learning. Additionally, exclusion criteria were applied to remove studies that were unrelated to the topic or not presented in English. As a result, a total of 22 papers underwent further analysis and review. The breakdown of these sources, including the journals and conferences in which the studies were published, is detailed in Table 3. This table serves to offer a comprehensive view of source distribution and aids in the identification of potential trends or patterns within the literature. Table 3. Final Search Results No.  
   
  Source  
   
  1  
   
  ProQuest  
   
  4  
   
  2  
   
  arXiv  
   
  1  
   
  3  
   
  Research Gate  
   
  6  
   
  4  
   
  Springer  
   
  4  
   
  5  
   
  IEEE  
   
  5  
   
  6  
   
  ScienceDirect  
   
  1  
   
  7  
   
  Semantic Scholar  
   
  1  
   
  Total  
   
  Count  
   
  22  
   
  4 Results and Findings 4.1 Common Automated Phishing Detection and Prevention System The methods used for automated anti-phishing were investigated using qualitative research techniques as the main component of the research methodology. In contrast to primary research techniques like surveys or experiments intended to generate new data, the study’s data extraction depended on current secondary sources, which means  
   
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System  
   
  65  
   
  that information already present from sources like academic papers, articles, and reports was acquired. This methodology provided insightful information, giving a thorough overview of the situation at the time and highlighting certain areas that called for further investigation.  
   
  Fig. 1. Common Automated Phishing Detection and Prevention System.  
   
  The literature highlights that the use artificial intelligence (AI) based anti-phishing systems is becoming increasingly important as phishing attacks evolve and become more sophisticated. These AI-based systems have the advantage of being able to identify new and unknown threats, which is a major challenge for traditional detection methods. Figure 1 depicts the types of models or algorithms that are found across the literature. It also reveals that the use of Support Vector Machine (SVM) and naïve Bayes models, both of which are machine learning-based models, are the most common within the literature, followed by deep learning-based algorithm the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). [19] points out that AI-based systems are better equipped to handle this challenge as they can adapt and learn to identify new and unforeseen threats. To address this challenge, researchers are exploring various approaches for improving the efficiency and accuracy of AI-based anti-phishing systems. For instance, combining multiple machine learning and deep learning models has been shown to enhance the performance of these systems. Lifespan measurements is proposed to be used in conjunction with machine learning models to increase the detection rate and reduce false positive detections for malware and phishing-related content [20]. It is worth noting that despite the potential benefits of AIbased anti-phishing systems, these systems have limitations. For example, they require a large amount of data to train the models, and they can be vulnerable to adversarial attacks that exploit their weaknesses. Further research is needed to address these limitations and continue improving these systems’ performance.  
   
  66  
   
  M. A. A. Aziz et al.  
   
  4.2 Various Methods of Implementing Anti-phishing Systems According to the second objective of the research, this section examines the various methods of implementing anti-phishing systems and presents a brief evaluation of their results. [21] make use of both random forest and naive bayes machine learning algorithms and deep learning-based methods such as convolutional neural networks and long-short term memory networks. Similarly, [22] discusses an automated anti-phishing system that uses convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks. Other studies such as [23–30] emphasize the use of multiple machine learning algorithms including decision tree-based algorithms, support vector machines, and natural language processing to classify and identify phishing content in emails and URLs of websites. [30] proposed an anti-phishing system that leverages deep learning to classify the phishing content, and machine learning algorithms to identify phishing content based on the homographs of the website domain name. These studies’ results suggest that using machine learning and deep learning algorithms is a promising approach for anti-phishing systems. Of the 22 studies reviewed, only one proposed a non-machine and deep learning-based method. The advantage of using AI-based anti-phishing systems is the ability to identify new and unknown threats, a significant challenge for traditional detection methods. However, the performance of these methods varies depending on the specific models and techniques used. Some studies have found that deep learning algorithms outperform traditional machine learning methods in terms of malware detection rate and false positive rate, while others have found that a combination of machine learning and deep learning methods is more effective. As a result, the use of a combination of machine learning and deep learning has become widely adopted in the development of anti-phishing systems. It is important to note that the results of these studies may vary depending on the specific dataset and evaluation metrics used. Furthermore, the constantly evolving nature of phishing attacks requires the development of new and innovative anti-phishing systems that can adapt to changing threats. As a result, further research is needed to improve anti-phishing systems’ performance and accuracy.  
   
  5 Discussion and Conclusion The results show that the automated anti-phishing system described in this research may be divided into three major groups depending on the models used: heuristic-based, machine learning, and deep learning. Heuristic-based systems, often known as traditional anti-phishing solutions, apply established standards and heuristics to detect and label potential phishing attempts. These systems include techniques such as keyword-based filtering, in which both emails and URLs are scanned for certain terms that may indicate a phishing effort [31]. These heuristic algorithms, as discussed in [32], can successfully categorize URLs based on specified properties. They may, however, fail in circumstances when a rule or heuristic for a certain attribute is missing. One of the major disadvantages of heuristic-based systems is that they can easily be bypassed by attackers who use variations of keywords or different languages to evade detection. Additionally, these systems may generate many false positives, where legitimate emails or URLs are incorrectly flagged as phishing attempts. Despite these  
   
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System  
   
  67  
   
  limitations, heuristic-based systems can still have high accuracy levels. However, it is important to keep in mind that they may not be able to analyze a spam feature that has been recently added. In conclusion, while heuristic-based systems have been used as a traditional antiphishing approach, they have certain limitations that attackers can bypass. Literature suggests that while they can have high accuracy, they may not be able to analyze recently added spam features. Therefore, it is important to consider other approaches, such as machine learning or deep learning methods, to improve the overall effectiveness of anti-phishing systems. Overall, the literature suggests that machine learning and deep learning algorithms are highly effective approaches for anti-phishing systems. As per the research done by [33], it is observed that most researchers prefer using supervised machine learning algorithms when building email-related phishing detection models. These algorithms, such as support vector machines and naive Bayes, are preferred over unsupervised algorithms like principal component analysis because they are more suited for phishing detection as they could learn from labeled data and generalize to unseen data. Moreover, [34, 35] also found that machine learning, data mining, neural networks, and deep learning are the most used techniques for detecting computer crimes, such as in phishing cases. Deep learning, specifically deep neural networks (DNN) and hybrid deep learning models are the best-performing algorithms for anti-phishing systems. These models can automatically find the representations and features required for classification from raw data and can provide better accuracy by training on larger datasets. Studies have also shown that deep learning algorithms do not require feature selection algorithms, as they are able to handle large amounts of high-dimensional data. Integrating natural language processing (NLP) with deep learning has also effectively detected email-related phishing. As deep-learning algorithms can analyze the text elements of emails/URLs and NLP can be used to extract features from the text, this integration can lead to better accuracy in email-related phishing detection models. Machine learning has also been proposed as an effective way to detect email-related phishing attacks promptly. Machine learning-based phishing detection techniques can identify and predict advanced attacks by analyzing large datasets. For example, machine learning can build a phishing detection model based on profiles, where data, time, geolocation, and relation graphs are analyzed. Then, incoming emails are compared to the profile, and alerts are raised for email-related phishing attacks in case of deviation. Studies have shown that machine learning-based techniques used by modern email security platforms can detect around 98% of advanced phishing attacks. [29] found that the random forest algorithm performed the best with an accuracy of 99.2%, and [28] showed that the support vector machine with a radial basis function kernel performed the best with an accuracy of 98.9%. Acknowledgement. This research was supported by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) through the Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (Ref: FRGS/1/2020/ICT03/UUM/02/1). The content of this article is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of MoHE, Malaysia. The authors would also like to extend their gratitude to the Data Management & Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia for their generous support in sponsoring the publication of this article (S/O Code:14839).  
   
  68  
   
  M. A. A. Aziz et al.  
   
  References 1. Statista. https://www.statista.com/statistics/278414/number-of-worldwide-social-networkusers. Accessed 20 Dec 2022 2. Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG) Legacy Reports. https://docs.apwg.org/reports/ apwg_trends_report_q2_2022.pdf. Accessed 22 Dec 2022 3. Benavides, E., Fuertes, W., Sanchez, S., Sanchez, M.: Classification of phishing attack solutions by employing deep learning techniques: a systematic literature review. In: Rocha, Á., Pereira, R.P. (eds.) Developments and Advances in Defense and Security. SIST, vol. 152, pp. 51–64. Springer, Singapore (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-13-9155-2_5 4. Cui, Q., et al.: Tracking phishing attacks over time. In: Proceedings of the 26th International Conference on World Wide Web (2017) 5. Retruster. Phishing Statistics and Email Fraud Statistics. Retruster (2019). https://retruster. com/blog/2019-phishing-and-email-fraud-statistics.html 6. Basit, A., Zafar, M., Liu, X., et al.: A comprehensive survey of AI-enabled phishing attacks detection techniques. Telecomm. Syst. 76, 139–154 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11235020-00733-2 7. Xia, P., et al.: Characterizing cryptocurrency exchange scams. Comput. Sec. 98, 101993 (2020) 8. Das, S.: All about phishing exploring user research through a systematic literature review (2019) 9. Ferreira, M.: Malicious URL detection using machine learning algorithms. In: Proceedings of the Digital Privacy Security Conference, pp. 114–122. Springer (2019) 10. Sahoo, D., Liu, C., Hoi, S.C.: Malicious URL detection using machine learning: a survey. arXiv preprint arXiv:1701.07179 11. Vrbanˇciˇc, G., Fister, I., Jr., Podgorelec, V.: Swarm intelligence approaches for parameter setting of deep learning neural network: case study on phishing websites classification, pp. 1– 8. https://doi.org/10.1145/3227609.3227655 12. Catal, C., Giray, G., Tekinerdogan, B., Kumar, S., Shukla, S.: Applications of deep learning for phishing detection: a systematic literature review. Knowl. Inf. Syst. 64(6), 1457–1500 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10115-022-01672-x 13. Shrestha, A., Mahmood, A.: Review of deep learning algorithms and architectures. IEEE Access 7, 53040–53065 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2019.2912200 14. LeCun, Y., Bengio, Y., Hinton, G.: Deep learning. Nature 521, 436–444 (2015). https://doi. org/10.1038/nature14539 15. Arshad, A., Rehman, A.U., Javaid, S., Ali, T.M., Sheikh, J.A., Azeem, M.A.: Systematic literature review on phishing and anti-phishing techniques. Pakistan J. Eng. Technol. 04(01), 163–168 (2021) 16. Jayatilleke, S., Lai, R.: A systematic review of requirements change management. Inf. Softw. Technol. 93, 163–185 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.infsof.2017.09.004 17. Khan, A.A., Keung, J., Niazi, M., Hussain, S., Ahmad, A.: Systematic literature review and empirical investigation. Inf. Softw. Technol. (2017). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.infsof.2017. 03.006 18. Kitchenham, B., et al.: Systematic literature reviews in software engineering - a systematic literature review. Inf. Softw. Technol. 51(1), 7–15 (2009). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.infsof. 2008.09.009 19. Al-Khater, W.A., Al-Maadeed, S., Ahmed, A.A., Sadiq, A.S., Khan, M.K.: Comprehensive review of cybercrime detection techniques. IEEE Access 8, 137293–137311 (2020). https:// doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3011259  
   
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System  
   
  69  
   
  20. Cilleruelo, C., Enrique-Larriba, L., De-Marcos, L., Martinez-Herráiz, J.J.: Malware detection inside app stores based on lifespan measurements. IEEE Access 9, 119967–119976 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3107903 21. Hijji, M., Alam, G.: A multivocal literature review on growing social engineering based cyberattacks/threats during the COVID-19 pandemic: challenges and prospective solutions. IEEE Access 8, 1 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3048839 22. Alazab, M.: Automated malware detection in mobile app stores based on robust feature generation. Electronics 9(3), 435 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3390/electronics9030435 23. Churi, T., Sawardekar, P., Pardeshi, A., Vartak, P.: A secured methodology for antiphishing. In: 2017 International Conference on Innovations in Information, Embedded and Communication Systems (ICIIECS), pp. 1–4. IEEE (2017) 24. Salloum, S., Gaber, T., Vadera, S., Shaalan, K.: Phishing email detection using natural language processing techniques: a literature survey. Procedia Comput. Sci. 189, 19–28 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2021.05.077 25. Vadariya, A., Jadav, N.K.: A survey on phishing URL detection using artificial intelligence. In: Gunjan, V.K., Zurada, J.M. (eds.) Proceedings of International Conference on Recent Trends in Machine Learning, IoT, Smart Cities and Applications. AISC, vol. 1245, pp. 9–20. Springer, Singapore (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-15-7234-0_2 26. Mukherjee, A., Agrawal, N., Gupta, S.: A survey on automatic phishing email detection using natural language processing techniques. Int. Res. J. Eng. Technol. 6(11), 1881–1886 (2019) 27. Kumar, A., Chatterjee, J.M., Díaz, V.G.: A novel hybrid approach of SVM combined with NLP and probabilistic neural network for email phishing. Int. J. Electr. Comput. Eng. 10(1), 486 (2020) 28. Alshingiti, Z., Alaqel, R., Al-Muhtadi, J., Haq, Q.E., Saleem, K., Faheem, M.H.: A deep learning-based phishing detection system using CNN, LSTM, and LSTM-CNN. Electronics 12(1), 232 (2023). https://doi.org/10.3390/electronics12010232 29. Spaulding, J., Mohaisen, A.: Defending internet of things against malicious domain names using D-FENS. In: IEEE/ACM Symposium on Edge Computing (SEC), pp. 387–392 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/SEC.2018.00051 30. Sarker, I.H., Kayes, A.S.M., Badsha, S., Alqahtani, H., Watters, P., Ng, A.: Cybersecurity data science: an overview from machine learning perspective. J. Big Data 7(1), 1–19 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1186/s40537-020-00318-5 31. Ahmad, H., Erdodi, L.: Overview of phishing landscape and homographs in Arabic domain names. Secur. Priv. 4(4), 1–14 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1002/spy2.159 32. Feitosa, E.L., Silva, C.M.R.D., Garcia, V.C.: Heuristic-based strategy for phishing prediction: a survey of URL-based approach. Comput. Secur. 88, 101613 (2019) 33. Gl˘avan, D., R˘acuciu, C., Moinescu, R., Eftimie, S.: Detection of phishing attacks using the anti-phishing framework. Sci. Bull. “Mircea Cel Batran” Naval Acad. 23(1), 208–212, 208A (2020). https://doi.org/10.21279/1454-864X-20-I1-028 34. Atlam, H.F., Oluwatimilehin, O.: Business email compromise phishing detection based on machine learning: a systematic literature review. Electronics 12(1), 42 (2023). https://doi.org/ 10.3390/electronics12010042 35. Chipa, I.H., Gamboa-Cruzado, J., Jimmy, R.V.: Mobile applications for cyber-crime prevention: a comprehensive systematic review. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 13(10), (2022). https://doi.org/10.14569/IJACSA.2022.0131010  
   
  Remote Public Data Auditing to Secure Cloud Storage Muhammad Farooq and Osman Ghazali(B) School of Computing, University Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. Cloud computing is a pay-as-you-go business model that offers elastic remote data storage, and computing resources have become necessary due to the emergence of big data. After data outsourcing to the cloud, cloud users lose control over data and are always concerned about data privacy and security in adopting the cloud service model. So, to ensure remote data integrity, a trusted auditor can make auditing tasks according to the users’ request, which is helpful to release auditing overheads on a user device and meaningfully improve the scalability of cloud services. Although numerous data auditing techniques have been designed with TPA so far, these techniques need to improve on data security and efficiency issues. First, these techniques cannot authenticate block indices, so the server can produce valid proof without an original data block to pass the audit process. Second, existing approaches do not include position fields, so the server can replace the tampered data block with a healthy one to pass the audit phase. To overcome these issues, this paper introduces a new public data authentication scheme, ERPDA. The proposed technique incorporated a newly designed Merkle Tree (MT) based structure, Sequence and Position-based Tree (SPT) that minimises computation complexity to find nodes in data audit and avoid data replacement attacks. The experimental outputs showed that our suggested technique is effective with the comparative data auditing techniques in computation overheads, and the security is proved under the random model. Keywords: Cloud Computing · Third-party Auditing · Proof of Data Possession  
   
  1 Introduction With the quick expansion in the cloud architecture, the size of digital streaming data presents a rampant progress inclination [1–3]. The researchers reported an average of around 5200GB of data for each person in 2020 [4]. Nevertheless, the data storage capacity of tenants is so restricted that they cannot maintain such a massive amount of data. Thus, huge data storage is a significant issue, particularly for energy-restricted devices. Auspiciously, Cloud Service Providers (CSPs) give a possible solution to address problems managing and maintaining massive data storage. By agreeing to cloud storage as a service, the tenants should outsource their data to remote storage servers, thus minimising local storage and computation overheads [5, 6]. Due to these appealing characteristics, an © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 70–79, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_6  
   
  Remote Public Data Auditing to Secure Cloud Storage  
   
  71  
   
  immensely increasing number of tenants opt to use cloud storage services. Cisco reported that there were 3.6 billion Internet clients at the start of 2020; 55% incorporated cloud data storage [7]. In data storage services, the administration of remotely stored data is entirely separated from its possession [8, 9]. Thus, tenants could lose direct control over uploaded data, and consequently be unable to achieve any processes over remotely stored files [10]. In other words, CSP can perform all procedures on the client’s data uploaded to the storage servers. However, the storage server is unreliable and might not reasonably carry out these procedures according to the client’s instructions. As a result, even though storage as a service has enormous benefits, it unavoidably experiences a lot of challenging issues [11], for example, integrity, confidentiality, the privacy of the outsourced data files, etc. If these issues, specifically data integrity, are not appropriately resolved, it can significantly prevent clients from adopting and using cloud infrastructure [12]. Several studies have presented a solution to confirm the accessibility and verify the correctness of outsourced tenants’ files [13–15]. Nevertheless, these techniques still face different issues that must be resolved solidly. First, these techniques cannot authenticate block indices; thus, CSP can produce valid proof without having an actual data block to pass the audit process. Second, existing approaches do not include position fields; consequently, CSP can replace the tampered data block with a healthy one to validate proof in the audit phase. Third, most previous techniques are based on the proof of data possession approach, whose computational overheads increase almost linearly with the sizes of uploaded data files [8]. Last, even though some past techniques simultaneously verify data integrity and confidentiality, the feasibility and universality are restricted and need to be implemented in extensive data outsourcing. The above discussion shows that some issues with state-of-the-art techniques still need to be addressed. As a result, the primary concern of this research work is to develop a new scheme to resolve the abovementioned issues concurrently. We introduce a new data structure based on the Merkle Tree, named Sequence and Position-based Tree (SPT), that minimises computation complexity to find nodes in data audit and avoid data replacement attacks. As a result, this paper’s primary contributions are described below. The remaining part of this paper can be described below: the literature on current data auditing methods is presented in Sect. 2. The design of the suggested protocol is presented in Sect. 3. Section 4 defines the analysis and performance of the proposed scheme. Sections 5 and 6 describes the conclusion and future research works.  
   
  2 Literature Review Juels and Kaliske [16] presented the first evidence of the data retrievability technique. The sentinel (block masking) approach was used to hide the value in the standard data block so that the server cannot differentiate hashed data blocks. The users may download and confirm the accuracy of data simultaneously. They use symmetric encryption methodology to secure user data, which imposes little computation overhead. However, it is limited to the number of requested blocks as the pre-processed Message Authentication Codes (MACs) are used in the audit phase. Also, these schemes support static data and cannot support public audits.  
   
  72  
   
  M. Farooq and O. Ghazali  
   
  Erway et al. [17] determine the dynamic data behaviour using a ranked skip list to validate remote user data integrity. They introduced a dynamic PDP (DPDP) technique by extending the PDP approach to provide verifiable update operations for remote data storage. Their technique requires only 415 KB of proof size. They also defined how to implement their technique in a version control scenario. This scheme involves O(logn) computation overhead while dynamic data update operations impose 30 ms computation time for 1 GB data file. This innovative mechanism shares many integrities verification paths during the data process, significantly increasing communication overhead. Wang et al. [18] introduced a sequence-enforced MHT data structure to verify block authenticator and suggest a proficient dynamic data scheme. They use the bilinear aggregate signature mechanism’s property for supporting multiple auditing tasks concurrently. However, they do not include the position field while creating the block, so their proposed structure is susceptible to data replacement attacks. A public data auditing technique that uses identity-based combined signatures is suggested by [19]. The user permits the Thirdparty Auditor (TPA) to perform an audit job to release the computation overhead using users’ identities. Anju et al. [13] developed a data integrity verification scheme named PVMS to authenticate the remotely stored sensitive data about the patient. The TPA is involved in the authentication to perform audit procedures for their clients’ commands. The standard MT [20] has been adopted to verify data block tags to authenticate data accuracy. Nevertheless, the authenticator creation procedure acquires huge computational overheads, and the suggested method performs like a linear search in the audit process. For eight bits of data nodes, it needs to search all the nodes to find the exact location of the requested node from the tree in the audit phase. Furthermore, their suggested method is unable to prevent data replacement attacks. An integrity auditing method based on an attribute approach was proposed in [14], known as DAFA. The users secure their data using the RSA cryptographic and MD5 hashing mechanisms before data is uploaded to the remote servers. The TPA is incorporated to delegate audit processes to release the burden on user devices. Nevertheless, the proposed protocol involves high computation complexity for making file and node authenticators. The signature size is much larger, requiring extra communication overheads, and the client must also pay for additional storage capacity. Moreover, it does not authenticate indices and is vulnerable to replacement attacks. An efficient data integrity protocol based on a homomorphic mechanism for securing remote data was developed by Alsudani et al. [15]. They handed over the computational tasks involved in audit phases to the main controlling server named AS, which triggered the audit tasks according to users’ commands. The suggested scheme is proficient by introducing an extra AS server; however, the integrity confirmation approach needs to be addressed, which is considered the main apprehension of tenants due to the cloud infrastructure being a semi-honest service model. It also does not verify block indices and is susceptible to data replacement attacks.  
   
  Remote Public Data Auditing to Secure Cloud Storage  
   
  73  
   
  3 Development of the Proposed Scheme The BLS [21] short signature approach, ECC [22] encryption with Diffie hardness supposition [23], and MT [20] data structure. Table 1 presents all the notations used in the proposed scheme for easy understanding. Table 1. Symbols used in the proposed technique. Symbols  
   
  Description  
   
  Symbols  
   
  Description  
   
  Skey  
   
  Secret key  
   
  r  
   
  Rank information  
   
  Pkey  
   
  Public key  
   
  v  
   
  Version number  
   
  filechunks  
   
  Data file chunks  
   
  c  
   
  Challenge set  
   
  randomn chunk  
   
  Random number for a chunk  
   
  x  
   
  Data block  
   
  sn  
   
  Serial number  
   
  ξ  
   
  Vector number  
   
  ς  
   
  Date node  
   
  δ  
   
  Signature  
   
  File  
   
  Data file  
   
  hashing  
   
  Hash function  
   
  ϕ  
   
  Signature set  
   
  auxiliarypath  
   
  Auxiliary path of a node  
   
  3.1 System Model The proposed technique authenticates the correctness of the outsourced data, which helps maintain the trust between the tenant and CSP. Three parties are involved in the proposed technique (see Fig. 1). 1) Tenant or data owner required to upload data to cloud storage. 2) CSP offers a scalable storage server and services on a pay-as-you-go model. 3) TPA  
   
  Fig. 1. System Model.  
   
  74  
   
  M. Farooq and O. Ghazali  
   
  is responsible for performing the audit activities on tenants’ commands and generating audit reports. The solid arrows are denoted data flow and audit procedures of the proposed system, labelled with the respective process. The tenant generates the system parameters and public and private keys, files, and blocks’ authenticators. Then, share the tree structure, public, and metadata with CSP and tags with the TPA. The auditor computes the audit request for CSP to check the data correctness, and the server computes the proof for requested blocks. After getting proof, TPA creates an audit report on whether the data is accurate. 3.2 System Development The subsequent algorithms are involved in constructing the suggested protocol: The tenant executes the tree functions in phase one, such as 1) system parameters generator; this method is used to initialise the system’s security parameters to compute public and private key pair (pk , sk ). . 2) Generate node authenticators; this method divides the file into chunks, encrypts these chunks, and includes position parameters as 0 or 1 where 0, 1 denotes the left and right side of the node in each sibling node of the tree. This position field helps to find the exact location of the node and avoid replacement attacks in case of incidentally or accidental data tempering by CSP. The server cannot replace this temper node with a healthy one to pass the audit phase. 3) Generate tag; all the blocks are arranged with respective authenticators to create internal and external tree nodes with left-to-right sequence order to create the root tree node treated as file tag ft . This tag will be used as integrity evidence to authenticate the correctness of the remote data file in auditing procedures. Then, the tenant transfers all blocks and metadata to the CSP and files with block authenticators on the TPA. In the second phase, TPA and CSP perform the audit jobs according to the tenants’ commands; this phase also includes three methods. Like, 1) Generate audit request; TPA computes the audit request by randomly generating the sample data blocks randomn chunks from the given data blocks set and shares this request with the cloud to verify the correctness of requested blocks ch = {ch1 , ch2 , ch3 , . . . , chn }. . 2) Generate data possession proof; after receiving a data auditing request from the TPA, the server generates the proof of data authentication. If the server cannot find the requested data node from the tree, it generates the failure report and sends it to the TPA; otherwise, compute the following proof. ς[sn ] = δ[sn ] =  
   
  lm  
   
    x[sn ] ξ[sn ]  
   
  (1)  
   
  δ[sn ](ξ [sn ])  
   
  (2)  
   
  [sn ]=l1  
   
   lm [sn ]=l1  
   
  and transfers an arbitrary number ς[sn ] and δ[sn ] block information to TPA; where sn is a serial number of the node. 3) Proof verification; TPA authenticates the proof received from the CSP. If the proof is verified, the TPA generates the success report; otherwise, the failure report sends it to the tenant.  
   
  Remote Public Data Auditing to Secure Cloud Storage  
   
  75  
   
  3.3 The Design Process of EPT To reduce the computation complexity for searching nodes from the tree, we improve the current MT structure [13, 14, 18] to address the problems mentioned in the literature section. We adopted the left-to-right sequence order to quickly search the location of the nodes from the tree, which minimizes the computation complexity. We also include position parameters as 0 or 1, where 0, 1 denotes the left and right position of the node in each sibling node of the tree. Consequently, the auxiliary information in the newly created EPT structure differs from the structures defined in [13, 14, 18]. Thus, we can generate the nodes with the equation xi = h(h(xi )xi .p), where h(xi ), and xi .p denotes the hash value and position of the given node. The internal nodes can be computed as xA = h(x1 x2 xA .p), and the root node can be computed as xr = h(xE xF ), we can notice that there is no position field in the root node. Figure 2 shows the 8 bits data block structure in EPT.  
   
  Fig. 2. EPT Structure.  
   
  4 Experiment and Discussion To verify the proficiency of the proposed technique, we have developed a testbed environment using the PBC 5.14 [24] library, SSL 1.0 [25], BLS short signature method [21], and ECC [22] as 80bits of security level in C language. The testbed was run on a 2.2GHz CPU and 2GB RAM under Ubuntu 20.04 OS and used 10KB to 100KB of data files with 10 iterators. In the initialization process, the current data auditing techniques [13, 14] acquire huge computational complexity on the tenant, which is not practically implemented specifically for resourced-restricted devices. As shown in Fig. 3, our technique reduces computation overheads compared to the existing techniques to generate the blocks and  
   
  76  
   
  M. Farooq and O. Ghazali  
   
  file authenticators. The experiments show that our technique is proficient and ensures privacy without compromising the security level of the cryptographic approach. The time complexity of every entity is different because TPA only acquires the time to compute the audit request, verify the response message received from the CSP, and generate the audit report for a tenant. The time at CSP only occurs for generating the root value to create a proof of data the TPA requests. The tenant randomly chooses 460 nodes to authenticate the correctness of remotely stored data for 1% of data tempering to achieve 99% probability. Due to adopting a standard MT structure, the current techniques [13, 14] have acquired extra computational costs in the data auditing procedures than the proposed scheme. In the challenge-request phase, the computational overhead of the existing techniques [13, 14] to find requested nodes is high O(n), and linearly increase with the number of nodes because they do not utilized the sequence and position information to find the exact location of the node quickly. Due to the use of different indices fields, the EPT structure minimizes the computational cost from O(n) to O(logn) to search requested nodes as (2n − 1) from the tree. Figure 4 shows the computational cost concerning the requested block in the challenge-response phase.  
   
  Fig. 3. Computation Complexity of all Operations.  
   
  The evaluation presents that our suggested scheme is more proficient and imposes minimum computation overheads.  
   
  Remote Public Data Auditing to Secure Cloud Storage  
   
  77  
   
  Fig. 4. Computation Complexity Concerning Number of Requested Blocks.  
   
  5 Conclusion The proposed technique presents a public auditing mechanism based on the EPT structure to authenticate the correctness of uploaded files. The new construction of the EPT structure helps to minimise the time complexity of searching the requested nodes from the tree in the audit phase. The indices fields confirm the accuracy of uploaded tenants’ files, which is very helpful to ensure that the CSP does not create a response other than the requested data blocks. The position field supports the prevention of replacement attacks because the position of requested blocks can be traced with this field. The proposed mechanism also supports performing an unrestricted number of queries to ensure data correctness. Additionally, it acquires and reduces the computational cost from O(n) to O(logn), with the newly designed EPT structure for a tenant, TPA, and cloud servers. The experimental evaluation shows that our proposed technique is secure and effective in computation and communicational overheads and does not linearly increase concerning data blocks. Therefore, our proposed scheme can be deployed in big data streaming of wireless networks and IoT environments.  
   
  6 Future Research Directions We further plan to enhance the security mechanism at CSP so that tenants or TPAs cannot wrongly propagate that their data is not accurate to claim some compensation from CSP. On the other hand, CSP must perform dynamic data procedures before changing the  
   
  78  
   
  M. Farooq and O. Ghazali  
   
  altered data with a healthy block to pass the audit process or avoid sending the success message. Hence, a dispute will occur between the tenant and CSP, so it is important to trace which party is deceiving the other. Thus, data auditing protocol must address this problem to prevent non-repudiation attacks that create mistrust between tenants and CSPs, and the cloud can lose clients. In addition, an authorisation procedure does not exist between TPA and the cloud, which puts the audit as a service at risk and causes denial-of-service attacks. Acknowledgements. This research was supported by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) of Malaysia through Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (FRGS/1/2018/ICT04/UUM/02/17).  
   
  References 1. Yang, C., Zhao, F., Tao, X., Wang, Y.: Publicly verifiable outsourced data migration scheme supporting efficient integrity checking. J. Netw. Comput. Appl. 192, 103184 (2021) 2. Chen, Z., et al.: The potential of nighttime light remote sensing data to evaluate the development of digital economy: a case study of China at the city level. Comput. Environ. Urban Syst.. Environ. Urban Syst. 92, 101749 (2022) 3. Li, X., Liu, H., Wang, W., Zheng, Y., Lv, H., Lv, Z.: Big data analysis of the internet of things in the digital twins of smart city based on deep learning. Futur. Gener. Comput. Syst.. Gener. Comput. Syst. 128, 167–177 (2022) 4. Wang, T., Zhou, J., Chen, X., Wang, G., Liu, A., Liu, Y.: A three-layer privacy-preserving cloud storage scheme based on computational intelligence in fog computing. IEEE Trans. Emerging Top. Comput. Intell. 2(1), 3–12 (2018) 5. Xue, K., Chen, W., Li, W., Hong, J., Hong, P.: Combining data owner-side and cloud-side access control for encrypted cloud storage. IEEE Trans. Inf. Forensics Secur.Secur. 13(8), 2062–2074 (2018) 6. Yang, R., Yu, F.R., Si, P., Yang, Z., Zhang, Y.: Integrated blockchain and edge computing systems: a survey, some research issues and challenges. IEEE Commun. Surv. Tutorials 21(2), 1508–1532 (2019) 7. Yang, C., Tao, X., Zhao, F., Wang, Y.: Secure data transfer and deletion from counting bloom filter in cloud computing. Chin. J. Electron. 29(2), 273–280 (2020) 8. Yang, C., Liu, Y., Zhao, F., Zhang, S.: Provable data deletion from efficient data integrity auditing and insertion in cloud storage. Comput. Stand. Interfaces 82, 103629 (2022) 9. Koo, D., Hur, J.: Privacy-preserving deduplication of encrypted data with dynamic ownership management in fog computing. Futur. Gener. Comput. Syst.. Gener. 78, 739–752 (2018) 10. El Kafhali, S., El Mir, I., Hanini, M.: Security threats, defence mechanisms, challenges, and future directions in cloud computing. Archives Comput. Methods Eng. 29(1), 223–246 (2022) 11. Ahmad, W., Rasool, A., Javed, A.R., Baker, T., Jalil, Z.: Cyber security in IoT-based cloud computing: a comprehensive survey. Electronics 11(1), 16 (2022) 12. Han, H., Fei, S., Yan, Z., Zhou, X.: A survey on blockchain-based integrity auditing for cloud data. Digital Communications and Networks (2022) 13. Anju, S.S., Sravani, B., Madala, S.R.: Publicly verifiable vibrant digital medical information systems. J. Phys. Conf. Ser. 2021, vol. 2089, no. 1: IOP Publishing, p. 012074 14. Dhansukhbhai, P.T., Dwivedi, P.: Data auditing and privacy preserving in cloud using fuzzy RSA algorithm. Research Journal of Engineering Technology and Medical Sciences (ISSN: 2582–6212), vol. 4, no. 03 (2021)  
   
  Remote Public Data Auditing to Secure Cloud Storage  
   
  79  
   
  15. Alsudani, M.Q., Fakhruldeen, H.F., Al-Asady, H.A.-J., Jabbar, F.I.: Storage and encryption file authentication for cloud-based data retrieval. Bull. Electr. Eng. Inform. 11(2), 1110–1116 (2022) 16. Juels, A., Kaliski Jr, B.S.: PORs: proofs of retrievability for large files. Presented at the Proceedings of the 14th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (2007) 17. Erway, C., Küpçü, A., Papamanthou, C., Tamassia, R.: Dynamic provable data possession. Presented at the Proceedings of the 16th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications security, Chicago, Illinois, USA (2009) 18. Wang, Q., Wang, C., Ren, K., Lou, W., Li, J.: Enabling public auditability and data dynamics for storage security in cloud computing. IEEE Trans. Parallel Distrib. Syst. 22(5), 847–859 (2011) 19. Tan, S., Jia, Y.: NaEPASC: a novel and efficient public auditing scheme for cloud data. J. Zhejiang Univ. Sci. C 15(9), 794–804 (2015) 20. Merkle, R.C.: Protocols for public key cryptosystems. Presented at the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (1980) 21. Boneh, D., Gentry, C., Lynn, B., Shacham, H.: Aggregate and verifiably encrypted signatures from bilinear maps. Presented at the International Conference on the Theory and Applications of Cryptographic Techniques (2003) 22. Hankerson, D., Menezes, A.J., Vanstone, S.: Guide to elliptic curve cryptography. Springer Science & Business Media (2006) 23. Boneh, D.: The decision Diffie-Hellman problem. Presented at the International Algorithmic Number Theory Symposium (1998) 24. Lynn, B.: The Pairing-based Cryptography Library (PBC). https://crypto.stanford.edu/pbc/ download.html. Accessed 20 Jan 2023 25. O. Team. OpenSSL Project. https://www.openssl.org/docs/manmaster/man7/crypto.html. Accessed 20 Jan 2023  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods and Tools for Mitigating Potential Attacks Mujeeb ur Rehman1(B)  
   
  , Rehan Akbar1  
   
  , Mazni Omar2 , and Abdul Rehman Gilal3  
   
  1 Computer and Information Sciences Department, Universiti Teknologi PETRONAS, Seri  
   
  Iskandar, Malaysia [email protected]  2 School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Malaysia 3 School of Computing, University of Portsmouth, Portsmouth, UK  
   
  Abstract. In today’s world, cybersecurity is critical in the field of information technology. With the rise of cyber-attacks, including ransomware attacks, protecting user data has become a top priority. Despite the various strategies employed by governments and companies to counteract cybercrime, ransomware continues to be a major concern. Therefore, there is a need to detect and obfuscate viruses in a better way. This immutable impact on the target is what recognizes ransomware attacks from traditional malware. Ransomware attacks are expected to become more problematic in the future. Attackers might use new encryption methods or obfuscation techniques to make ransomware detection and analysis a difficult job. To protect against such attacks, organizations and users employ various tools, guidelines, security guards, and best practices. However, despite these efforts, cyber-attacks have increased exponentially in recent years. Among the most devastating of these attacks is ransomware, which can encrypt user files or lock their devices’ interfaces, rendering them unusable. This research paper provides a valuable resource for researchers, practitioners, and policymakers seeking to enhance their understanding of ransomware detection and mitigation. It also examines defense tactics, such as system backups and network breakdowns, which can help mitigate the impact of an attack. Finally, the paper considers upcoming challenges in the field of cybersecurity and the importance of staying vigilant in protecting against cyber threats. Keywords: Cyberattack · Cybersecurity · Ransomware detection · Ransomware mitigation  
   
  1 Introduction The Internet is currently the fastest-growing infrastructure, and modern technologies are transforming human activities. However, the widespread use of technology has resulted in increased cybercrime and the vulnerability of personal information [1]. The term “ransomware” originated from the word “ransom” and “malware,” and it has become a © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 80–95, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_7  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods  
   
  81  
   
  significant contributor to the surge in cyberattacks as it can generate profits for attackers. In the past, hackers had difficulties profiting from their attacks, but this is no longer the case. Cybercriminals are increasingly using ransomware attacks where they gain access to a victim’s data, encrypt it, and demand payment [2]. Ransomware is a type of virus that can prevent users from accessing their computer system. It frequently spreads through malicious websites that take advantage of flaws in hardware and software. Some of the most common ransomware viruses include CryptoLocker, Petya, Bad Rabbit, Ryuk and Maze [3]. These viruses primarily target document storage files, such as MS office, PDF, and CSV files, and use strong encryption to make them virtually inaccessible without a specific decryption key. Once infected, the attacker demands payment from the victim and provides instructions on how to retrieve the encrypted files. If the ransom is paid, the attacker will post a message on the computer screen with information on how to retrieve the files, thus ending the attack. This technique is known as cryptovirology [4]. Ransomware, which can appear as Crypto or Locker variations, is a highly hazardous and complex form of malware. Targeting and seizing control of crucial infrastructure and computer systems is its main goal. These assaults are generally carried out for financial gain, either directly by requesting ransom payments in exchange for decryption keys or indirectly. Researchers have thoroughly examined scholarly literature on the inner workings of ransomware, including its particular assault patterns and tactics, in the hunt for viable solutions [5, 6]. These effects can include data loss as a consequence of file encryption, significant costs for incident response and other security-related issues, and, in the worst cases, even fatalities as a result of unanticipated failures of vital medical equipment [7, 8]. Prior systematic reviews in academic literature have mostly focused on the effects of ransomware within specialized industries, such as healthcare, while ignoring the larger fact that ransomware assaults are prevalent across multiple areas. This study aims to fill this specific vacuum by providing a thorough analysis of the complete ransomware attack lifecycle and an understanding of its unique characteristics. This thorough study is meant to act as a basis for future research projects in this area. The report also explores current approaches for the detection and prevention of ransomware, offering a comprehensive evaluation of their relative benefits and drawbacks. Additionally, the article provides details on a variety of preventive techniques that may be used to reduce the risk associated with malicious activities. 1.1 Prior Research Computer networks may be vulnerable to attacks that compromise the system or its users by taking advantage of connection or network flaws. These assaults may be roughly divided into two categories: active and passive, with each using a variety of strategies and ways to illegally obtain data, identities, or financial assets. While passive attacks only observe or eavesdrop on network activity without doing any harm, active attacks are intentional attempts to manipulate or harm the network [9]. Joseph L. Popp is known as the “father of ransomware” for creating the first ransomware virus in 1989. This set the stage for modern ransomware threats, which can  
   
  82  
   
  M. u. Rehman et al.  
   
  be spread through infected USB drives or phishing emails containing malicious attachments or links. Ransomware has become a serious threat, often encrypting user data and demanding payment through difficult-to-trace bitcoin. Figure 1 provides a visual representation of ransomware.  
   
  Fig. 1. List of Ransomware Attack [9]  
   
  1.2 Types of Ransomware Attacks 1) Crypto-Ransomware- Encrypts files on the victim’s computer and demands a ransom for decryption. WannaCry, WannaCry, Petya, CryptoLocker [10]. 2) Locker-Ransomware Locks the victim out of their system entirely, preventing access to any files or applications. Win locker, Police Trojan, FBI Virus [11]. 3) Scareware Ransomware- Displays false warning messages to trick the victim into paying the ransom. Fake antiviruses, Tech support frauds. 4) RaaS (Ransomware-as-a-Service)- A business model where cybercriminals sell ransomware to other attackers for a share of the profits. Satan, Shark, Philadelphia. 5) Mobile Ransomware- target mobile devices, locking the user out or encrypting data on the device. Simplocker Android/Filecoder.C. However, the role of operating systems in ransomware attacks cannot be overlooked. Observations have shown that devices utilizing the Windows operating system tend to be more susceptible to these attacks and are frequently singled out as targets [12]. Nevertheless, it’s essential to recognize that other operating systems, such as iOS and MacOS, are not exempt from vulnerability. This underscores the fact that the threat of ransomware is pervasive and no operating system is impervious to it [13]. Figure 2 demonstrated in various instances. Ransomware is a form of cyber-attack that involves the use of encryption to block access to a victim’s data, and a demand for payment in exchange for the decryption key [14]. According to research conducted in the field, ransomware can be traced back to the  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods  
   
  83  
   
  Fig. 2. Operating system effected by ransomware.  
   
  early 1990s, when cryptography was first used for exploitation purposes. However, at that time, it was not possible to demand money from victims because it was easy to trace the recipient. It was only with the introduction of cryptocurrency that the idea of using ransomware as a means of making money became viable. Therefore, the emergence of cryptocurrency can be linked to the rise of ransomware attacks. Furthermore, a critical analysis of the impact of ransomware attacks on organizations in different countries was conducted. The analysis revealed that in 2021, approximately 50% of organizations in several countries were affected by ransomware attacks. The figure below depicts the countries where the highest number of organizations were negatively impacted by ransomware attacks (Fig. 3).  
   
  Fig. 3. Ransomware attack success rates in the past 12 months vary by country.  
   
  84  
   
  M. u. Rehman et al.  
   
  1.3 Major Problem Previous systematic reviews of ransomware have mainly focused on its impact in specialized industries such as healthcare, and government organizations neglecting the fact that ransomware is not limited to specific domains. To address this limitation, this paper proposes a comprehensive evaluation of the detecting and mitigating of ransomware, serving as a starting point for further research. Furthermore, the paper discusses existing methods for detecting ransomware, analyzing their pros and cons. Lastly, prevention tools for ransomware attacks are discussed, providing valuable insights for organizations looking to enhance their security measures against ransomware threats. 1.4 Study Objectives The aim of this study is to examine prior research, consolidate its findings, and concentrate on analyzing ransomware attacks, risks, mitigation, and prevention methods to control ransomware attacks. The study also aims to provide recommendations for the use of these techniques and tools, as well as identify areas for future research in this field. Ultimately, the objective would be to contribute to the development of more effective strategies for mitigating the impact of ransomware attacks. To achieve this goal, three research questions have been formulated, as shown in Table 1. Table 1. Formulated Questions and discussion Research Question  
   
  Discussion  
   
  What are the current state-of-the-art techniques The aim is to explain ransomware detection and tools used for detecting ransomware? approaches without excessive technical detail. However, these techniques are not foolproof as attackers constantly develop new methods to evade detection [15, 16] How effective are existing mitigation strategies Ransomware prevention strategies (backup, in preventing ransomware attacks and their antivirus, intrusion detection, and employee associated damages? training) have limitations (zero-day attacks, updates) and effectiveness depends on an organization’s security posture and threat landscape What are the most common tactics and techniques used by ransomware attackers and how can these be thwarted?  
   
  To prevent ransomware attacks, use a multi-layered approach with technological and behavioral solutions, including multifactor authentication, regular backups, and system updates, as attackers use various tactics [15]  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods  
   
  85  
   
  1.5 Contribution and Structure This systematic literature review provides a valuable resource for individuals seeking to advance their knowledge in ransomware attacks and cyber security. By synthesizing previous research, it builds upon existing knowledge and makes new research, as discussed in Table 1. • Our review identified 31 papers that are relevant to the topics of cyber security and ransomware threats and detection. This set of studies can serve as a resource for other researchers who seek to further investigate these areas. • Organize and classify different methods of ransomware attacks into a specific taxonomy. • We investigated the conditions utilized for evaluating defense, detection, mitigation, and prevention techniques against ransomware attacks. • We identified available research data for a future analysis of ransomware and provided guidelines to assist in further research in this field. The structure of this paper unfolds as follows: Sect. 2 explains the methodology employed to systematically select primary studies for our comprehensive analysis. In Sect. 3, we present the outcomes derived from our scrutiny of the selected primary research studies. Finally, Sect. 4 serves as the result of our research efforts, offering conclusions drawn from our findings and suggesting recommendations for future investigations.  
   
  2 Methodology The research methodology section of this paper describes the systematic approach taken to look at previous studies about prospective ransomware attacks and their corresponding detection systems. Article offer details on the inclusion and exclusion criteria used to choose relevant research, also describe how we locate articles, papers, books, and journals about ransomware attacks. 2.1 Source Material The study utilized a specific search engine and focused on entering relevant keywords to ensure the retrieval of primary research that would address the research questions. The selected keywords were carefully chosen to optimize the development of relevant findings. Boolean operators were limited to AND and OR. The search terms used were: (insert the specific keywords used). (“ransom” OR “ransom-ware” OR “ransomware” OR “Mal-ware” OR “Malware” OR “ransomware attacks”) AND “information security” (“ransomware” OR “ransom” OR “Malware AND (“security” OR “cybersecurity” OR “cyber-security”). In the first phase, the task to be performed for the quality of research is to undertake an exhaustive literature search. Therefore, a search was conducted using six different electronic libraries namely IEEE Xplore, Science Direct, ACM, Springer, Web of Science, and Google Scholar to search for the relevant materials.  
   
  86  
   
  M. u. Rehman et al.  
   
  The search process for relevant studies involved using titles, keywords, and abstract depending on the platform used. All studies published up to a certain point were included and filtered based on the selection/eligibility criteria provided in Sect. 2.2. The search process was conducted iteratively, both forward and backward, until no further publications that met the selection criteria could be found. According to [3, 17], ransomware refers to a type of malicious software that encrypts data and demands payment in exchange for its release. This literature review includes both published and ongoing research studies related to ransomware attacks. The review methodology involves a four-step process, which is illustrated in Fig. 4. The process includes library searches and various steps to identify and select relevant articles for analysis.  
   
  Fig. 4. Scoping Literature review process  
   
  To conduct the literature search, various search options were used in different databases. In IEEE, the search option “anywhere” was selected, while in Google Scholar,  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods  
   
  87  
   
  the “anywhere in the article” option was used. For Web of Science, the search was limited to the “subject” parameter. The search included a variety of publication types, such as journal articles, book sections, working papers, conference papers, dissertations, and reports. Advanced search filters were used to refine search results, including past 13 years, document types, and English language. New keywords like “cyber risk” and “challenges and analysis” were added. A slimming approach was used to analyze articles, removing duplicates, and considering only English-language textual sources. 30 journal articles were selected for the literature study, as shown in Fig. 4. 2.2 Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria A systematic literature review requires empirical evidence from case studies, new ransomware attacks, and advancements in ransomware mitigation technologies. Englishwritten, peer-reviewed studies must meet standards, and only updated ones within recent years are considered. Google Scholar results may not meet standards, so all results are evaluated for compliance (Table 2). Table 2. Inclusion and exclusion criteria for primary studies Inclusion Criteria  
   
  Exclusion Criteria  
   
  The article offers insights and practical advice to protect against ransomware attacks and other cyber threats  
   
  The article should discuss papers that investigate the impact of ransomware attacks on businesses or the legal system  
   
  The document should provide an in-depth examination of ransomware or any other relevant technological advancement in your writing  
   
  Governmental documents and blogs should not be included in the article  
   
  The article must be a peer-reviewed paper published in a journal or conference proceedings  
   
  non-English publications  
   
  2.3 Selection Results A total of 648 studies were searched, but duplicates were removed, leading to 474. After evaluating, 38 publications were identified. The criteria were applied again, reducing the number to 30 papers. 2.4 Quality Assessment The primary studies were assessed for quality in accordance with the guidelines. The evaluation aimed to determine the relevance of the papers to the research questions while considering any possible research bias and the reliability of the experimental findings.  
   
  88  
   
  M. u. Rehman et al.  
   
  The evaluation process was modeled after similar literature reviews. To evaluate the effectiveness of randomly selected papers, a specific quality assessment procedure was implemented. Step 1: Ransomware: The article should discuss multiple forms of ransomware attacks or security breaches and offer insightful commentary on a specific issue. Step 2: Perspective: The research’s objectives and conclusions should be properly contextualized to ensure a comprehensive understanding of the study. Step 3: Ransomware detection Strategy: Study must provide enough information to show how technology is used to detect attacks and answer research questions, including specific tools and techniques used for detection and mitigation. Step 4: Defense context: The document should explain the security issue to help answer research questions, including its nature, potential consequences, and challenges in addressing it. Step 5: Security measures: The application of diverse security measures to alleviate several types of ransomware attacks. Step 6: Data Recovery: Specifics on data collection, measurement, and reporting must be provided to assess accuracy. 2.5 Data Extraction The data completeness and accuracy of articles were assessed by extracting data from quality-approved papers. The technique was tested on a preliminary investigation before being applied to the full set of research. Data was categorized and entered into a spreadsheet using the following categories. Context Data: Information involving the study’s performed objectives. Qualitative Data: The author’s findings and opinions. Quantitative Data: Information collected through tests and research has been used in the study.  
   
  2.6 Meaningful Keywords Count A keyword analysis was conducted on all 38 studies to identify the common themes among the selected primary research. The frequency of various words used across all studies was compiled and presented in Table 3. As observed in the table, “Machine Learning” is the third most frequent term in the dataset, following “ransomware” and “Trojan,” and preceded only by the author’s chosen keywords “ransomware” and “security”.  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods  
   
  89  
   
  Table 3. Keywords count from primary studies. Keywords  
   
  Count  
   
  Ransomware  
   
  2451  
   
  Trojan  
   
  1752  
   
  Security  
   
  1664  
   
  Machine learning  
   
  1356  
   
  Information  
   
  853  
   
  Cybersecurity  
   
  334  
   
  Deep learning  
   
  675  
   
  Software  
   
  1320  
   
  Privacy  
   
  598  
   
  Attacks  
   
  486  
   
  Malware  
   
  475  
   
  3 Findings Table 4 summarizes relevant qualitative and quantitative data extracted from the main research papers. Each primary study had a specific objective or theme related to previous research on ransomware attacks, which is also indicated in the table. Table 4. Finding of the primary studies PS  
   
  Key Qualitative  
   
  [26] The article covers the methodology and threats of Petya ransomware, as well as strategies for awareness and mitigation [27] Healthcare companies can improve system defense through user-focused tactics like simulation and training on proper computer and network application usage [19] [25] The paper covers the impact of ransomware attacks on cloud service users and providers and proposes mitigating tactics.[28] [29] To provide the decryption key for encrypted user data, hackers often demand a ransom or payment, typically in the form of digital currencies [19] The paper stresses the importance of a written information security program mandated by Massachusetts law or other security frameworks [30] Memory forensics was conducted on volatile memory dumps of virtual machines using the Volatility framework for analysis [9] The report introduces Net Converse, a machine learning study for detecting ransomware network traffic reliably [18] The article proposes DNA act-Ran, a digital DNA sequencing engine that uses machine learning to detect ransomware, utilizing frequency vectors and design limitations for digital sequencing  
   
  Type of research effects Mitigation  
   
  security Detection  
   
  90  
   
  M. u. Rehman et al.  
   
  3.1 RQ1: What Are the Current State-of-the-Art Techniques and Tools Used for Detecting Ransomware? Ransomware detection techniques include behavioral analysis, signature-based detection, and machine learning. Popular tools include antivirus software, specialized ransomware detection tools, and managed detection and response services [32]. A combination of these techniques and tools can help detect and protect systems from ransomware attacks. • Signature-based detection: Signature-based detection compares known malware signatures to identify malware (Malwarebytes) • Heuristic-based detection: Heuristic-based detection analyzes the behavior of files or processes to detect malware. This can be more effect in detecting new or unknown ransomware • Machine learning-based detection: Machine learning-based detection uses machine learning models to identify ransomware based on its behavior or characteristics, it may not be able to detect very new ransomware (Crowed strike falcon) • Behavioral analysis: Behavioral analysis monitors process behavior to identify suspicious activity that may indicate the presence of ransomware, may generate false positive (McAfee) • Network traffic analysis: Network traffic analysis examines network traffic to identify suspicious activity that may indicate the presence of ransomware • Sandboxing: Sandboxing runs files or processes in a controlled environment to observe their behavior and identify ransomware 3.2 RQ2: How Effective Are Existing Mitigation Strategies in Preventing Ransomware Attacks and Their Associated Damages? Mitigation strategies such as regular data backups, patch management, user education, and antivirus software can be effective in preventing ransomware attacks and their damages. However, their effectiveness depends on proper implementation and maintenance Table 5. Mitigation Strategy Mitigation Strategy  
   
  Effectiveness  
   
  Regular Data Backups  
   
  High  
   
  User Education and Awareness  
   
  High  
   
  Multi-factor Authentication  
   
  High  
   
  Network Segmentation  
   
  High  
   
  Vulnerability Patching  
   
  High  
   
  Endpoint Protection Software  
   
  Moderate  
   
  Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems  
   
  Moderate  
   
  Security Information and Event Management (SIEM)  
   
  Moderate  
   
  Email Filtering and Spam Detection  
   
  Moderate  
   
  Encryption  
   
  Low  
   
  Incident Response Planning  
   
  Low  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods  
   
  91  
   
  [33]. Organizations and individuals should prioritize these strategies to minimize the risk of ransomware attacks illustrated in Tables 5 and 6. Table 6. Ransomware Tactic techniques Tactic/Technique  
   
  Description  
   
  Possible Mitigations  
   
  Phishing Emails  
   
  Social engineering tricks users into clicking malicious links or opening infected attachments  
   
  User education and awareness, email filtering and spam detection, multi-factor authentication  
   
  Exploit Kits  
   
  Attackers use software vulnerabilities to gain access to systems or networks  
   
  Regular vulnerability patching, network segmentation; intrusion detection and prevention systems [27, 35]  
   
  Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) Attacks  
   
  Attackers use brute-force methods to gain access to RDP connections [34]  
   
  Secure RDP access with strong passwords, MFA, IP whitelisting  
   
  Fileless Attacks  
   
  Fileless techniques evade detection and analysis, execute code sans disk [26]  
   
  Endpoint detection and response tools, intrusion detection and prevention systems, regular system auditing  
   
  Supply Chain Attacks  
   
  Attackers target third-party software providers to gain access to systems and networks [36]  
   
  Vendor risk management, regular patching and updates, network segmentation  
   
  Zero-Day Exploits  
   
  Attackers exploit unknown software vulnerabilities to access systems/networks [37]  
   
  Ensure security with scanning, IDS/IPS, and network segmentation  
   
  3.3 What Are the Most Common Tactics and Techniques Used by Ransomware Attackers and How Can These Be Thwarted? Ransomware attackers commonly use social engineering, phishing, and software vulnerabilities to gain access to systems and demand payment [30]. To thwart these attacks, user education, software patching, data backups, network segmentation, and access controls can help prevent these attacks and limit their impact.  
   
  4 Mitigation and Prevention Techniques of Ransomware Preventing ransomware is crucial to protect against its damaging effects on individuals and corporations. In case of infection, data recovery can be challenging and may require the help of a trusted specialist. Pre-encryption mitigation refers to the security measures taken before the encryption process to minimize the risk of security breaches.  
   
  92  
   
  M. u. Rehman et al.  
   
  • Implementing strict access policies, network segmentation, regular software, and hardware updates, password management and employee training and awareness • Quarantine suspicious emails, inspect attachments in malware sandbox • To identify unknown ransomware at pre-encryption stage • During detection of ransomware, false positives, and false negatives high • To prevent execution of exploits in a user’s system • Hibernate system to interrupt encryption and recover file encryption key • To block ransomware when ransomware starts encryption, it is recommended  
   
  Fig. 5. Ransomware attack life cycle [32]  
   
  5 Recommendations Ransomware is a major cybersecurity threat, with limitations in current prevention and detection methods. Improved prediction techniques are necessary to identify future attacks, along with cyber profiling and transaction tracing to track ransom payments and attackers. Despite significant research efforts, finding a long-term solution to preencryption of ransomware remains a critical challenge due to its dynamic nature. Organizations can minimize the risk of security breaches and protect sensitive information from unauthorized access, which can help them avoid costly security incidents and reputational damage (Fig. 5 and 6). The ransomware mitigation paradigm focuses on defining parameters for the preencryption phase of the lifecycle, allowing the model to respond before sabotage occurs. This allocation prevents premature cutoff issues and allows for sufficient data collection. A temporally correlated pre-encryption description technique, based on the IRP-API, links resources to cryptography-related APIs. This API separates the pre-encryption phase and encryption phase for user-related files. Machine learning algorithms are applied to forecast ransomware or benign attacks, using pre-encryption border entries to identify ransomware instances [38].  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods  
   
  93  
   
  Fig. 6. Ransomware pre-encryption attack mitigation model  
   
  6 Conclusion This paper discusses the emerging cyber-threat of ransomware and its monetary impact on organizations. It analyzes various security measures and proposes a model for preventive measures to avoid pre-encryption attacks. Tools like endpoint protection solutions, intrusion detection systems, and advanced threat detection technologies can help organizations detect and prevent ransomware attacks. Utilizing these tools enhances defense strategy effectiveness. In the future ransomware can be detected at early stage and also pre-encryption can be implemented with machine learning algorithm to reduce false positive and false negative rates, also can be improved using heuristic based to detect new and unknown ransomware. Acknowledgement. This research work was supported by the Universiti Technologi PETRONAS, Malaysia STIRF Research Grant Project (Cost Centre No. 015LA0-036).  
   
  References 1. Kamil, S., Siti Norul, H.S.A., Firdaus, A., Usman, O.L.: The rise of ransomware: a review of attacks, detection techniques, and future challenges. In: 2022 Int. Conf. Bus. Anal. Technol. Secur. ICBATS 2022 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/ICBATS54253.2022.9759000 2. Yazdinejad, A., Parizi, R.M., Dehghantanha, A., Zhang, Q., Choo, K.K.R.: An energy-efficient SDN controller architecture for IoT networks with blockchain-based security. IEEE Trans. Serv. Comput.Comput. 13(4), 625–638 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1109/TSC.2020.2966970 3. Ekta, Bansal, U.: A review on ransomware attack. In: ICSCCC 2021 - Int. Conf. Secur. Cyber Comput. Commun., pp. 221–226 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/ICSCCC51823.2021.947 8148 4. Sittig, D.F., Singh, H.: A socio-technical approach to preventing, mitigating, and recovering from Ransomware attacks. Appl. Clin. Inform. 7(2), 624–632 (2016). https://doi.org/10.4338/ ACI-2016-04-SOA-0064 5. Monika, P.Z., Lindskog, D.: Experimental analysis of ransomware on windows and android platforms: evolution and characterization. Procedia Comput. Sci. 94, 465–472 (2016). https:// doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2016.08.072 6. Yazdinejad, A., Parizi, R.M., Dehghantanha, A., Choo, K.K.R.: P4-to-blockchain: a secure blockchain-enabled packet parser for software defined networking. Comput. Secur.. Secur. 88, 101629 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cose.2019.101629  
   
  94  
   
  M. u. Rehman et al.  
   
  7. Zimba, A.: Malware-free intrusion: a novel approach to ransomware infection vectors. Int. J. Comput. Sci. Inf. Secur. 15(2), 317–325 (2017). https://search.proquest.com/docview/ 1879494467?accountid=15977%5Cnhttp://su3pq4eq3l.search.serialssolution.com?ctx_ver= Z39.882004&ctx_enc=info:ofi/enc:UTF8&rfr_id=info:sid/ProQ%3Acriminaljusticeperiodi cals&rft_val_fmt=info:ofi/fmt:kev:mtx:journal&rft.ge 8. Zimba, A., Wang, Z., Chen, H.: Multi-stage crypto ransomware attacks: a new emerging cyber threat to critical infrastructure and industrial control systems. ICT Express 4(1), 14–18 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.icte.2017.12.007 9. Cohen, A., Nissim, N.: Trusted detection of ransomware in a private cloud using machine learning methods leveraging meta-features from volatile memory. Expert Syst. Appl. 102, 158–178 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eswa.2018.02.039 10. Reshmi, T.R.: Information security breaches due to ransomware attacks - a systematic literature review. Int. J. Inf. Manage. Data Insights 1(2). Elsevier Ltd, Nov. 01, 2021. doi: https:// doi.org/10.1016/j.jjimei.2021.100013 11. Maigida, A.M., Abdulhamid, S.M., Olalere, M., Alhassan, J.K., Chiroma, H., Dada, E.G.: Systematic literature review and metadata analysis of ransomware attacks and detection mechanisms. J. Reliab. Intell. Environ. 5(2), 67–89 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1007/s40860-019-000 80-3 12. Alenezi, M.N., Alabdulrazzaq, H., Alshaher, A.A., Alkharang, M.M.: Evolution of malware threats and techniques: a review. Int. J. Commun. Networks Inf. Secur. 12(3), 326–337 (2020). https://doi.org/10.17762/ijcnis.v12i3.4723 13. Yazdinejad, A., Dehghantanha, A., Parizi, R.M., Hammoudeh, M., Karimipour, H., Srivastava, G.: Block hunter: federated learning for cyber threat hunting in blockchain-based IIoT networks. IEEE Trans. Ind. Informatics 18(11), 8356–8366 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/ TII.2022.3168011 14. Abdullahi, M., Ngadi, M.A., Abdulhamid, S.M.: Symbiotic Organism Search optimization based task scheduling in cloud computing environment. Futur. Gener. Comput. Syst.. Gener. Comput. Syst. 56, 640–650 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.future.2015.08.006 15. Urooj, U., Al-Rimy, B.A.S., Zainal, A., Ghaleb, F.A., Rassam, M.A.: Ransomware Detection using the dynamic analysis and machine learning: a survey and research directions. Appl. Sci. 12(1) (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/app12010172 16. Nadir, I., Bakhshi, T.: Contemporary cybercrime: a taxonomy of ransomware threats & mitigation techniques. In: 2018 Int. Conf. Comput. Math. Eng. Technol. Inven. Innov. Integr. Socioecon. Dev. iCoMET 2018 - Proc., vol. 2018-January, no. February, pp. 1–7 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/ICOMET.2018.8346329 17. Jegede, A., Fadele, A., Onoja, M., Aimufua, G., Mazadu, I.J.: Trends and future directions in automated ransomware detection. J. Comput. Soc. Informatics 1(2), 17–41 (2022). https:// doi.org/10.33736/jcsi.4932.2022 18. Khan, F., Ncube, C., Ramasamy, L.K., Kadry, S., Nam, Y.: A digital DNA sequencing engine for ransomware detection using machine learning. IEEE Access 8, 119710–119719 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3003785 19. Naidu, P.S., Kharat, R.: Security in Computing and Communications, vol. 625 (2016). https:// doi.org/10.1007/978-981-10-2738-3 20. Turner, A.B., McCombie, S., Uhlmann, A.J.: Discerning payment patterns in Bitcoin from ransomware attacks. J. Money Laund. Control 23(3), 545–589 (2020). https://doi.org/10. 1108/JMLC-02-2020-0012 21. Alhawi, O.M.K., Baldwin, J., Dehghantanha, A.: Leveraging machine learning techniques for windows ransomware network traffic detection. In: Advances in Information Security, vol. 70, Springer New York LLC, pp. 93–106 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-739 51-9_5  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods  
   
  95  
   
  22. Humayun, M., Jhanjhi, N.Z., Alsayat, A., Ponnusamy, V.: Internet of things and ransomware: evolution, mitigation and prevention. Egypt. Informatics J. 22(1), 105–117 (2021). https:// doi.org/10.1016/j.eij.2020.05.003 23. Sajjan, R.S., Ghorpade, V.R.: Ransomware attacks: Radical menace for cloud computing. In: Proc. 2017 Int. Conf. Wirel. Commun. Signal Process. Networking, WiSPNET 2017, vol. 2018-January, no. May 2005, pp. 1640–1646 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/WiSPNET. 2017.8300039 24. Azzedin, F., Suwad, H., Rahman, M.M.: An asset-based approach to mitigate zero-day ransomware attacks. Comput. Mater. Contin. 73(2), 3003–3020 (2022). https://doi.org/10.32604/ cmc.2022.028646 25. Yeboah-ofori, A.: Mitigating Cybercrimes in An Evolving Organizational Landscape (2022) 26. Aslan, O., Samet, R.: A comprehensive review on malware detection approaches. IEEE Access 8, 6249–6271 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2019.2963724 27. Akhtar, M.S., Feng, T.: Malware analysis and detection using machine learning algorithms. Symmetry 14(11) (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/sym14112304 28. S. Sundaram, IEEE Computational Intelligence Society, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (SSCI 2018) : 18–21 November 2018, Bengaluru 29. Naeem, M.R., et al.: A malware detection scheme via smart memory forensics for windows devices. Mob. Inf. Syst. 2022, 2022, doi: https://doi.org/10.1155/2022/9156514 30. Kapoor, A., Gupta, A., Gupta, R., Tanwar, S., Sharma, G., Davidson, I.E.: Ransomware detection, avoidance, and mitigation scheme: a review and future directions. Sustain. 14(1), 1–24 (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/su14010008 31. Al-rimy, B.A.S., Maarof, M.A., Shaid, S.Z.M.: Ransomware threat success factors, taxonomy, and countermeasures: a survey and research directions. Comput. Secur.. Secur. 74, 144–166 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cose.2018.01.001 32. Maurya, A.K., Kumar, N., Agrawal, A., Khan, R.A.: Ransomware evolution, target and safety measures. Int. J. Comput. Sci. Eng.Comput. Sci. Eng. 6(1), 80–85 (2018). https://doi.org/10. 26438/ijcse/v6i1.8085 33. Maimó, L.F., Celdrán, A.H., Perales Gómez, Á.L., García Clemente, F.J., Weimer, J., Lee, I.: Intelligent and dynamic ransomware spread detection and mitigation in integrated clinical environments. Sensors 19(5), 1–31 (2019). https://doi.org/10.3390/s19051114 34. Yazdinejad, A., Bohlooli, A., Jamshidi, K.: Performance improvement and hardware implementation of Open Flow switch using FPGA. In: 2019 IEEE 5th Conf. Knowl. Based Eng. Innov. KBEI 2019, no. February, pp. 515–520 (2019). doi: https://doi.org/10.1109/KBEI. 2019.8734914 35. Subedi, K.P., Budhathoki, D.R., Dasgupta, D.: Forensic analysis of ransomware families using static and dynamic analysis. In: Proc. - 2018 IEEE Symp. Secur. Priv. Work. SPW 2018, pp. 180–185 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/SPW.2018.00033 36. Beaman, C., Barkworth, A., Akande, T.D., Hakak, S., Khan, M.K.: Ransomware: Recent advances, analysis, challenges and future research directions. Comput. Secur. 111, December 2021. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cose.2021.102490 37. I. PES Institute of Technology (Bangalore, IEEE Communications Society, IEEE Photonics Society. Bangalore Chapter, IEEE Robotics and Automation Society. Bangalore Chapter, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, 2018 International Conference on Advances in Computing, Communications and Informatics (ICACCI), 19–22 Sept. 2018 38. Alqahtani, A., Gazzan, M., Sheldon, F.T.: A proposed Crypto-Ransomware Early Detection (CRED) model using an integrated deep learning and vector space model approach. In: 2020 10th Annual Computing and Communication Workshop and Conference (CCWC), Las Vegas, NV, USA, 2020, pp. 0275–0279. https://doi.org/10.1109/CCWC47524.2020.9031182  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System in Network Security Guntoro Guntoro1,2(B)  
   
  and Mohd. Nizam Bin Omar1  
   
  1 University Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  2 Universitas Lancang Kuning, Pekanbaru, Indonesia  
   
  Abstract. In the rapidly evolving information technology landscape, network attacks are becoming more sophisticated and pose significant threats. Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) have emerged as crucial tools for mitigating network security risks. Despite the vast amount of research on IDS methods, there still remains a gap in comprehensive literature reviews that cover recent developments in techniques, datasets, and tools. This study conducted a comprehensive systematic literature review to address this gap, analyzing 67 selected articles. The review covered various aspects, including IDS research domains, techniques/methods, datasets, and simulators. By synthesizing the findings, the study provides valuable insights into the current state of IDS research and identifies future challenges and unexplored areas. This review sheds light on the strengths and limitations of existing IDS techniques and datasets, offering researchers and practitioners a holistic understanding of the field. The identified research gaps and unexplored topics will guide future research endeavors, leading to advancements in IDS techniques and bolstering network security. Keywords: Intrusion Detection System · IDS · Network Security · Systematic Literature Review  
   
  1 Introduction The advancement of computer technology continues in the modern era, providing network technology and the Internet of Things (IoT) for everyday use Kalimuthan and Arokia Renjit [1]. Indeed, this has led to the storage of vast amounts of personal, commercial, military, and government information through network infrastructure. As a result, security has become a major concern. Information technology security is a crucial issue, and extensive research has been conducted on intrusion detection [2]. To enhance the performance of Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), various techniques have been employed, both using machine learning methods [3] and deep learning approach [4, 5]. In addition to improving individual methods, another approach is to utilize ensemble learning techniques [6]. A network system can be disrupted by a variety of attacks, which are classified into two types: passive and aggressive attacks[7]. Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) are considered © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 96–107, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_8  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System  
   
  97  
   
  the most efficient systems for detecting intrusions and protecting computer networks. Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) are software applications that monitor computer networks for malicious activities such as information theft, tampering, or disrupting network protocols [8]. In recent years, several datasets and intrusion detection techniques have been available for building IDS. These datasets are divided into two categories: public datasets and private datasets. Some public datasets that can be used for testing IDS include KDD’99 [9], NSL-KDD [9] and CICIDS2017 [10]. Meanwhile, some private datasets used in IDS include In-vehicle network [11], Bot-IoT [12], ToN-IoT [12], and Virus Total [13]. Several techniques that can be implemented in intrusion detection systems include machine learning and deep learning. Some machine learning methods that have been applied in IDS include Support Vector Machine (SVM) [14], Random Forest [15], Ensemble (Decision Tree + Random Forest) [16], and C5.0 [17]. Meanwhile, the most popular deep learning methods used in IDS are Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) [18] and Deep Neural Network (DNN) Vinayakumar et al. (2019) [19] Based on previous research, several studies can be conducted related to IDS: • Researchers can determine which datasets are utilized most frequently due to the vast array of dataset categories available for IDS. • Many IDS employ various intrusion detection methods; thus, understanding the techniques most commonly used by researchers currently is crucial. • Several strategies have been implemented in Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), but not all consistently identify intrusions with high accuracy. • Many IDS use a range of simulators and programming languages; hence, it’s vital to grasp the programming languages most often used by researchers. As a result, this study aims to perform a Systematic Literature Review (SLR) to identify and assess trends in IDS research approaches, datasets, and methodologies from January 2019 through March 2023. The article is divided into five parts. Section 1 is an introduction, Sect. 2 is a review of relevant literature, Sect. 3 is the methodology, Sect. 4 is the study results, and Sect. 5 is a conclusion with recommendations for future research.  
   
  2 Related Work There is a vast body of literature covering various aspects of intrusion detection. This section will present relevant existing works and compare them to our study. In a study [20], the researchers used the firefly optimization algorithm. This algorithm was employed to eliminate irrelevant features and reduce the dimensionality of the data, thereby improving the classification time. Additionally, SVM was used to evaluate the results obtained from the generated features. The proposed method achieved an accuracy of 78.89%. According to [21], the researchers identified the necessary features in developing an intrusion detection model to achieve maximum accuracy. The model employed an ensemble approach, utilizing feature selection through the Chi-square method and an  
   
  98  
   
  G. Guntoro and M. N. B. Omar  
   
  ensemble-based intrusion detection model consisting of Support Vector Machine (SVM), modified Naive Bayes (MNB), and LPBoost. The experimental results demonstrated that normal, DoS, and R2L attacks were detected with an accuracy of 99%, probe attacks with 98%, and U2R attacks with 100% accuracy. [22] reported that an IDS based on Information Gain and Multi-layer Perceptron Artificial Neural Network was developed. The research selected 30 attributes from the UNSW-NB15 dataset. The experimental results showed an accuracy of 76.96% and a Matthews Correlation Coefficient (MCC) of 0.57. These results indicate that the developed technique can be used for real-time IDS. Based on the mentioned studies, it can be concluded that each research has different approaches and methods for developing intrusion detection models. Each study achieved varying levels of accuracy, [21] obtaining the highest accuracy. Therefore, our study will compare and evaluate existing approaches and methods to develop a more optimal and accurate IDS model.  
   
  3 Methodology 3.1 Method of Reviewing A Systematic Literature Review (SLR) on IDS utilizes a well-known literature review methodology known as a Systematic Literature Review, following the original guidelines proposed [23]. The Systematic Literature Review (SLR) process is divided into three primary phases: planning, execution, and reporting. These phases ensure a comprehensive and structured review of the literature related to IDS. 3.2 Research Questions The primary aim of this study is to examine the new and developing subjects and patterns in scientific research within the broader field of Intrusion Detection Systems in Network Security [24]. Questions are essential to research. Table 1 answers this literature review’s research questions. 3.3 Search Strategy • Search Term and Literature Resource There are stages involved in constructing the search terms for this study [23]. The search string used is as follows: ((“Title”:“Intrusion Detection System” OR “IDS” OR “Intrusion Detection” and “Network Security”) AND “Abstract”:“Intrusion Detection System” OR “IDS” OR “Intrusion Detection” and “Network Security”). This study utilized four electronic databases to search for primary study sources, namely: IEEE Xplore (ieeexplore.ieee.org), ScienceDirect (sciencedirect.com), Springer (springerlink.com), and Google Scholar (scholar.google.com). • Search Process The literature collection procedure yielded a total of 20,561 documents. After filtering based on full-text evaluation, only 67 relevant articles addressing IDS-related issues were identified. Figure 1 depicts the entire search and selection procedure. Table 1 provides a comprehensive listing of the selected studies included in this SLR.  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System  
   
  99  
   
  Table 1. Research Questions Number  
   
  Questions  
   
  Motivations  
   
  RQ1  
   
  What is the IDS research domain?  
   
  IDS research domain identification  
   
  RQ2  
   
  What is the technique used in IDS?  
   
  Identify the techniques used in IDS  
   
  RQ3  
   
  What is the dataset used in IDS?  
   
  Identification of datasets used in IDS  
   
  RQ4  
   
  What is the method used in IDS research?  
   
  Identification of the methods used in IDS research  
   
  RQ5  
   
  What is the method that is often used in IDS?  
   
  Identify methods that are often used in IDS  
   
  RQ6  
   
  Is the simulator or programming language used?  
   
  Identify the simulator or programming language used  
   
  Fig. 1. Paper Selection Process  
   
  100  
   
  G. Guntoro and M. N. B. Omar  
   
  3.4 Study Selection Specific inclusion and exclusion criteria are used to select the primary studies [25]. The inclusion criteria are as follows: 1) articles must be published in journals. 2) articles are selected based on the journal’s impact factor, limited to Q1-Q3. 3) papers on the subject of IDS primarily compare algorithms or techniques. On the other hand, the exclusion criteria are as follows: 1) Research not written in English. 2) Literature review studies. 3) Studies without substantial IDS validation. 4) Research addressing intrusion methods and datasets unrelated to IDS contexts. 5) Studies not centered on relevant subjects. 3.5 Data Extraction To address the research questions, data collection from primary studies is necessary. Following that, we will perform data extraction using the collected data. We will extract the IDS research area (to address RQ1), IDS techniques (to address RQ2), IDS datasets (to address RQ3), IDS methodologies (to address RQ3, RQ4, RQ5), and IDS simulators (to address RQ6). 3.6 Study Quality Assessment and Data Synthesis Assessing the quality of studies is essential to enhance the understanding of synthesized findings and solidify conclusions. The primary aim of data synthesis is to provide comprehensive responses to all research inquiries. This data is organized based on the research question. It is then visualized using pie charts, bar graphs, and tables. 3.7 Threat Validation There is a potential threat to this review’s reliability. This occurs because the paper search solely entails manually reviewing the titles of all journal articles. Therefore, specific papers might have yet to undergo comprehensive screening for inclusion in this study.  
   
  4 Research Result RQ1: IDS Research Domain Table 2 presents the research domains of IDS are presented based on the literature review of 67 primary studies. RQ3: IDS Datasets A review of 67 primary studies identified 5 private and 100 public datasets. This indicates that 93% of the datasets are public, with only 7% are private. Table 3 illustrates the distribution of public and private IDS datasets between January 2019 and March 2023. RQ4: Method Used in IDS Twenty-seven classification algorithms are among the top IDS approaches based on  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System  
   
  101  
   
  Table 2. Number of Papers by Domain in Intrusion Detection Methods Domain  
   
  Number  
   
  Internet  
   
  57  
   
  Internet of Things (IoT)  
   
  6  
   
  Real Vehicle  
   
  1  
   
  Wireless Mesh Network  
   
  1  
   
  Wireless IDS  
   
  1  
   
  Table 3. The datasets used in papers Dataset  
   
  Count  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  33  
   
  UNSW-NB15  
   
  25  
   
  KDD CUP99  
   
  19  
   
  CIC-IDS 2017  
   
  11  
   
  ISCX2012  
   
  4  
   
  CICDDoS2019  
   
  2  
   
  CSE-CIC-IDS 2018  
   
  2  
   
  ADFA-LD  
   
  1  
   
  AWID  
   
  1  
   
  Bot-IoT  
   
  1  
   
  CIDDS-001  
   
  1  
   
  Kyoto  
   
  1  
   
  Real Vehicle  
   
  1  
   
  ToN-IoT  
   
  1  
   
  VirusTotal  
   
  1  
   
  WSN-DS  
   
  1  
   
  primary investigations from January 2019 to March 2023. The number of studies per approach is as follows: SVM = 16, RF = 13, DT = 8, ANN = 6, LR = 5, BPNN = 5, KNN = 5, Auto-Encoder = 4, MLP = 3, NB = 3, CNN = 2, DNN = 2, etc. With 16 research studies, SVM is the most popular algorithm. Figure 2 displays the count of studies for each IDS algorithm. RQ5: Most Used Methods in IDS Based on Fig. 3, one can observe that the most frequently used methods in IDS are Support Vector Machine (SVM) (27%), Random Forest (RF) (22%), Decision Tree  
   
  102  
   
  G. Guntoro and M. N. B. Omar  
   
  Fig. 2. Methods Used in IDS  
   
  (DT) (14%), Artificial Neural Network (ANN) (10%), K-Nearest Neighbor (KNN) (9%), Backpropagation Neural Network (BPNN) (9%), and Logistic Regression (9%).  
   
  Fig. 3. Most Used Methods  
   
  RQ6: Is the Simulator or Programming Language Used? The most popular simulators or programming languages between January 2019 and  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System  
   
  103  
   
  March 2023, as indicated by the selected primary research, include Python (20), Matlab (20), Weka (4), Sucirata (1), Rapidminer (1), C# (1), and Java (1). This information is depicted in Fig. 4.  
   
  Fig. 4. Simulators Used  
   
  5 Conclusion A literature review is required to find the most recent trends in the approaches, methods, and datasets used by IDS researchers. A survey of articles published in various major journals between January 2019 and March 2023 revealed 67 articles discussing IDS research. This study of the literature utilized a Systematic Literature Review (SLR). Based on the conducted literature review, the research domain of IDS still predominantly focuses on the general internet. However, some IDS studies have begun to specifically target the field of IoT. Regarding the datasets used, the review found that 93% of the datasets were public, while only 7% were private. Frequently used methods in IDS include Support Vector Machine (SVM) (27%), Random Forest (RF) (22%), Decision Tree (DT) (14%), Artificial Neural Network (ANN) (10%), K-Nearest Neighbor (KNN) (9%), Backpropagation Neural Network (BPNN) (9%), and Logistic Regression (9%). Regarding the commonly used simulators or programming languages, they include Python (20), Matlab (20), Weka (4), Sucirata (1), Rapidminer (1), C# (1), and Java (1). Many researchers have developed methodologies and methods for reducing IDS datasets’ characteristics to lower computational complexity. Furthermore, machine learning classification is commonly employed in IDS to enhance accuracy. Specifically, the combination of multiple machine learning methods, such as boosting, bagging, stacking, and others, has been utilized. Therefore, future work can explore feature selection combination methods to address the dimensionality issues in IDS datasets and employ classification methods to improve accuracy in intrusion detection (Table 4).  
   
  104  
   
  G. Guntoro and M. N. B. Omar Table 4. The List of IDS Primary Studies  
   
  No  
   
  Ref  
   
  Year  
   
  Dataset  
   
  1  
   
  (Lee and Park 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  CICIDS 2017  
   
  2  
   
  (Gurung et al. 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  3  
   
  (Vinayakumar et al. 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  KDD CUP99, NSL-KDD, UNSW-NB15, Kyoto, WSN-DS, CICIDS2017  
   
  4  
   
  (Ghanem and Jantan 2020)  
   
  2019  
   
  KDD CUP99, ISCX2012, NSL-KDD, UNSW-NB15  
   
  5  
   
  (Duan et al. 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  6  
   
  (Binbusayyis and Vaiyapuri 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  KDD CUP99, NSL-KDD, UNSW-NB15, CICIDS2017  
   
  7  
   
  (Gu et al. 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  NLS-KDD  
   
  8  
   
  (Iqbal and Aftab 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  KDD CUP99  
   
  9  
   
  (Al-Yaseen 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  10  
   
  (Thaseen et al. 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  11  
   
  (Mazini et al. 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  NSL-KDD, ISCXIDS2012  
   
  12  
   
  (Mousavi et al. 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  KDD CUP99  
   
  13  
   
  (Mohammadi et al. 2019)  
   
  2019  
   
  KDD CUP99  
   
  14  
   
  (Vijayanand and Devaraj 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  CICIDS2017, ADFA-LD  
   
  15  
   
  (Li et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  CSE-CIC-IDS 2018  
   
  16  
   
  (Almomani 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  UNSW-NB15  
   
  17  
   
  (Kunhare et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  18  
   
  (Kasongo and Sun 2020a)  
   
  2020  
   
  UNSW-NB15  
   
  19  
   
  (Almiani et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  20  
   
  (Devan and Khare 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  21  
   
  (Sumaiya Thaseen et al. 2021)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD, UNSW-NB15  
   
  22  
   
  (Chkirbene et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD, UNSW-NB15  
   
  23  
   
  (Alzubi et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  24  
   
  (Song et al. 2020b)  
   
  2020  
   
  Real Vehicle  
   
  25  
   
  (Binbusayyis and Vaiyapuri 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD, UNSW-NB15  
   
  26  
   
  (Kasongo and Sun 2020b)  
   
  2020  
   
  UNSW-NB15  
   
  27  
   
  (Zhou et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD, AWID, CIC-IDS2017  
   
  28  
   
  (Chen et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  UNSW-NB15, KDD CUP99  
   
  29  
   
  (Mebawondu et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  UNSW-NB15  
   
  30  
   
  (Maniriho et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD, UNSW-NB15 (continued)  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System  
   
  105  
   
  Table 4. (continued) No  
   
  Ref  
   
  Year  
   
  Dataset  
   
  31  
   
  (Bhati and Rai 2019)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  32  
   
  (Meira et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD, ISCXIDS2012  
   
  33  
   
  (Alamiedy et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  34  
   
  (Velliangiri 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  KDD CUP99  
   
  35  
   
  (Ali et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  KDD CUP99  
   
  36  
   
  (Albahar et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD, CIC-IDS-2017, UNSW-NB15  
   
  37  
   
  (Pawlicki et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  CIC-IDS2017  
   
  38  
   
  (Alzahrani et al. 2020)  
   
  2020  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  39  
   
  (Alazzam et al. 2020)  
   
  2021  
   
  KDD CUP99, NSL-KDD, UNSW-NB15  
   
  40  
   
  (Dwivedi et al. 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  NSL-KDD, KDD CUP99  
   
  41  
   
  (Ajdani and Ghaffary 2021b)  
   
  2021  
   
  UNSW-NB15, KDD CUP99  
   
  42  
   
  (Ajdani and Ghaffary 2021a)  
   
  2021  
   
  Virus Total  
   
  43  
   
  (Lu et al. 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  KDD CUP99, UNSW-NB15  
   
  44  
   
  (Almiani et al. 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  CICDDoS2019  
   
  45  
   
  (Sekhar et al. 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  NSL_KDD, UNSW-NB15  
   
  46  
   
  (Al-Daweri et al. 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  KDD CUP99, UNSW-NB15  
   
  47  
   
  (Mighan and Kahani 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  UNSW-NB15, UNB-ISCX 2012, CICIDS 2017  
   
  48  
   
  (Kshirsagar and Kumar 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  UNSW-NB15  
   
  49  
   
  (Abdulrahman and Ibrahem 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  CIC-IDS2017  
   
  50  
   
  (Anitha and Kaarthick 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  KDD CUP99  
   
  51  
   
  (Farzadnia et al. 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  UNSW-NB15  
   
  52  
   
  (Aziz and Ahmad 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  NSL-KDD, UNSW-NB15  
   
  53  
   
  (Sharma and Yadav 2021)  
   
  2021  
   
  KDD CUP99  
   
  54  
   
  (Ajdani et al. 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  VirusTotal  
   
  55  
   
  (Al-Yaseen et al. 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  56  
   
  (Aziz and Alfoudi 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  57  
   
  (Bhuvaneshwari et al. 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  58  
   
  (Wu et al. 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  59  
   
  (Almotiri 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  CICDDoS2019  
   
  60  
   
  (Pranto et al. 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  61  
   
  (Kurniabudi et al. 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  CICIDS-2017  
   
  62  
   
  (Dwivedi et al. 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  KDD CUP99, CIC-IDS 2017 (continued)  
   
  106  
   
  G. Guntoro and M. N. B. Omar Table 4. (continued)  
   
  No  
   
  Ref  
   
  Year  
   
  Dataset  
   
  63  
   
  (Farooq 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  KDD CUP99  
   
  64  
   
  (Kunhare et al. 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  NSL-KDD  
   
  65  
   
  (Mokbal et al. 2022)  
   
  2022  
   
  CICIDS2017  
   
  66  
   
  (de Carvalho Bertoli et al. 2023a)  
   
  2023  
   
  UNSW-NB15, CSE-CIC-IDS-2018, Bot-IoT, ToN-IoT  
   
  67  
   
  (Abu Alghanam et al. 2023)  
   
  2023  
   
  UNSW-NB15, KDD CUP99, NSL-KKD  
   
  References 1. Kalimuthan, C., Renjit, J.A.: Review on intrusion detection using feature selection with machine learning techniques. Mater. Today Proc. 33, 3794–3802 (2020) 2. Ring, M., Wunderlich, S., Scheuring, D., Landes, D., Hotho, A.: A survey of network-based intrusion detection data sets. Comput. Secur. 86, 147–167 (2019) 3. Fagerholm, N., et al.: Perceived contributions of multifunctional landscapes to human wellbeing: evidence from 13 European sites. People Nat. 2, 217–234 (2020). https://doi.org/10. 1002/pan3.10067 4. Aleesa, A.M., Younis, M., Mohammed, A.A., Sahar, N.M.: Deep-intrusion detection system with enhanced UNSW-NB15 dataset based on deep learning techniques. J. Eng. Sci. Technol. 16, 711–727 (2021) 5. Toth, T.: Improving Intrusion Detection Systems, p. 147 (2003) 6. Khonde, S.R., Ulagamuthalvi, V.: Ensemble-based semi-supervised learning approach for a distributed intrusion detection system. J. Cyber Secur. Technol. 3, 163–188 (2019) 7. Khan, K., Mehmood, A., Khan, S., Khan, M.A., Iqbal, Z., Mashwani, W.K.: A survey on intrusion detection and prevention in wireless ad-hoc networks. J. Syst. Archit. 105 (2020) 8. Ozkan-Okay, M., Samet, R., Aslan, O., Gupta, D.: A comprehensive systematic literature review on intrusion detection systems. IEEE Access 9, 157727–157760 (2021). https://doi. org/10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3129336 9. Rama Devi, R., Abualkibash, M.: Intrusion detection system classification using different machine learning algorithms on KDD-99 and NSL-KDD datasets - a review paper. Int. J. Comput. Sci. Inf. Technol. 11, 65–80 (2019). https://doi.org/10.5121/ijcsit.2019.11306 10. Maseer, Z.K., Yusof, R., Bahaman, N., Mostafa, S.A., Foozy, C.F.M.: Benchmarking of machine learning for anomaly based intrusion detection systems in the CICIDS2017 dataset. IEEE Access 9, 22351–22370 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3056614 11. Song, H.M., Woo, J., Kim, H.K.: In-vehicle network intrusion detection using deep convolutional neural network. Veh. Commun. 21, 100–198 (2020) 12. de Bertoli, C., Gustavo, L.A.P.J., Saotome, O., dos Santos, A.L.: Generalizing intrusion detection for heterogeneous networks: a stacked-unsupervised federated learning approach. Comput. Secur. 127, 103–106 (2023) 13. Ajdani, M., Noori, A., Ghaffary, H.: Providing a consistent method to model the behavior and modelling intrusion detection using a hybrid particle swarm optimization-logistic regression algorithm. Secur. Commun. Netw. 2022 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1155/2022/5933086 14. Dwivedi, S., Vardhan, M., Tripathi, S.: Defense against distributed DoS attack detection by using intelligent evolutionary algorithm. Int. J. Comput. Appl. 44, 219–229 (2022)  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System  
   
  107  
   
  15. Kunhare, N., Tiwari, R., Dhar, J.: Intrusion detection system using hybrid classifiers with meta-heuristic algorithms for the optimization and feature selection by genetic algorithm. Comput. Electr. Eng. 102, 108383 (2022) 16. Chkirbene, Z., Erbad, A., Hamila, R., Mohamed, A., Guizani, M., Hamdi, M.: TIDCS: a dynamic intrusion detection and classification system based feature selection. IEEE Access 8, 95864–95877 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2020.2994931 17. Abdulrahman, A.A., Ibrahem, M.K.: Intrusion detection system using data stream classification. Iraqi J. Sci. 62, 319–328 (2021). https://doi.org/10.24996/ijs.2021.62.1.30 18. Bhuvaneshwari, K.S., Venkatachalam, K., Hubálovský, S., Trojovský, P., Prabu, P.: Improved dragonfly optimizer for intrusion detection using deep clustering CNN-PSO classifier. Comput. Mater. Contin. 70, 5949–5965 (2022). https://doi.org/10.32604/cmc.2022.020769 19. Devan, P., Khare, N.: An efficient XGBoost–DNN-based classification model for network intrusion detection system. Neural Comput. Appl. 32, 12499–12514 (2020) 20. Al-Yaseen, W.L., Idrees, A.K., Almasoudy, F.H.: Wrapper feature selection method based differential evolution and extreme learning machine for intrusion detection system. Pattern Recogn. 132, 108912 (2022) 21. Thaseen, I.S., Kumar, C.A., Ahmad, A.: Integrated intrusion detection model using chi-square feature selection and ensemble of classifiers. J. Sci. Eng. 44, 3357–3368 (2019) 22. Mebawondu, J.O., Alowolodu, O.D., Mebawondu, J.O., Adetunmbi, A.O.: Network intrusion detection system using supervised learning paradigm. Sci. African. 9, e00497 (2020). https:// doi.org/10.1016/j.sciaf.2020.e00497 23. Kitchenham, B., Charters, S.: Guidelines for performing systematic literature reviews in software engineering version 2.3. Engineering 45, 1051 (2007) 24. Katuk, N., Ku-Mahamud, K.R., Zakaria, N.H., Jabbar, A.M.: A scientometric analysis of the emerging topics. J. Inf. Commun. Technol. 19, 583–622 (2020) 25. Ismail, N., Yusof, U.K.: Journal of information and communication technology. J. Inf. Commun. Technol. 21, 337–381 (2022)  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System for Wireless Sensor Networks: Challenges, Solutions, and Future Directions Noradila Nordin1,2(B)  
   
  and Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Pozi2  
   
  1 School of Games and Creative Technology, University for the Creative Arts, Farnham GU9  
   
  7DS, England, UK [email protected]  2 School of Computing, University Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) consist of numerous affordable, energy-efficient, compact wireless sensors. These sensors are designed to collect, process, and communicate data from their surrounding environment. Several energy-efficient protocols have been created specifically for WSNs to optimize data transfer rates and prolong network lifespan. Multi-channel protocols in WSN are one of the ways to optimize efficiency and enable seamless communication between nodes, thereby reducing interference and minimizing packet loss through multiple channels. Despite their numerous advantages in data sensing and monitoring, various attacks can pose a threat to a WSN. There are several types of attacks that a WSN may encounter, including spoofing, eavesdropping, jamming, sinkhole attacks, wormhole attacks, black hole attacks, Sybil attacks, and DoS attacks. One of the strategies for enhancing security in WSNs is implementing a cross-layer intrusion detection system (IDS) that can detect initial indicators of attacks that target vulnerabilities across multiple WSN layers. This paper reviews the existing IDS at each layer and the challenges in an energy-efficient cross-layer IDS for WSN in terms of the attacks and IDS approaches. Keywords: Cross-layer IDS · Wireless Sensor Network · Multi-channel protocol  
   
  1 Introduction A Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) is a dispersed sensor system made up of small nodes called sensor nodes. These nodes are frequently used for monitoring and detecting different occurrences or events. WSNs are also utilized for target tracking, environment monitoring, and event detection. WSNs are easily deployable in a variety of situations because of their compact size and low power consumption. In WSNs, the sensor nodes often employ low-power radios like IEEE 802.15.4, a 2.4 GHz band radio transmission standard radio technology with a relatively small range of operation. Within this band, the standard permits broadcast on several various channels. Unfortunately, the channels used by this technology, such as Wi-Fi (IEEE 802.11) and Bluetooth (IEEE 802.15.1), frequently experience interference. In wireless networks, multi-channel communication © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 108–121, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_9  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System  
   
  109  
   
  can lessen the impacts of interference, enhancing network effectiveness, stability, and link dependability, minimizing latency, and reducing total energy usage. This, however, creates another issue. A wireless sensor network is susceptible to several various attacks. Due to several flaws and, most crucially, the data involved, wireless sensor networks are continually vulnerable to serious attacks. Typically, the nodes in a WSN are tiny, battery-operated gadgets containing sensors, microcontrollers, and communication transcribers. Due to the node’s limited resources, wireless sensor networks are susceptible to various threats that may jeopardize the security and integrity of the data. Nevertheless, WSNs are susceptible to risks despite the various benefits they offer regarding data sensing and monitoring. These risk factors include those caused by memory limitations, unreliable communication, higher communication latency, unattended network operation, deployment in an environment prone to attacks and scalability. Some of these attacks, such as random multi-channel jamming attacks that interfere with radio frequencies on wireless communication channels and cause channel congestion, are intended to take down the network. The challenge may be that random multi-channel jamming attacks are difficult to detect and eliminate due to their random jamming behaviors. Attackers have complete discretion over the time and the specific channels to jam. Other attacks aim to eavesdrop on communications. Others are made to introduce erroneous data into the network. This poses a danger to real-time, reliable WSNs. Security in WSNs is, therefore a difficult problem since it depends on the way to evaluate the reliability of sensor data. Numerous studies on intrusion detection in WSNs have been done in recent years [1–5]. Intrusion detection is used to detect unauthorized activity in a system. It works well as a security measure to defend WSNs against intrusion. There have been a few studies on the security of WSNs. However, they have mostly emphasized attack prevention instead of attack detection. This is an important study area since an attacker who can go undetected might cause significant damage or disruption. Although several intrusion detection systems have been developed to support WSNs, the majority of these systems only work at one layer of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model. Several proposed intrusion detection systems are based on a cross-layer approach. They comprise the physical, data link, and network layers that contribute to cross-layer intrusion detection systems (IDS) design. By detecting the attackers across multiple layers, cross-layer IDS secures the WSN. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section 2 highlights various attacks and challenges associated with WSN at each layer. Section 3 presents and compares recent existing work in cross-layer IDS in WSN. Section 4 discusses the challenges and future directions on cross-layer IDS, and Sect. 5 concludes the paper.  
   
  2 Related Work 2.1 Wireless Sensor Network Cross-layer Protocols WSNs are networks of many inexpensive, low-power, small wireless sensors. The sensors can gather, analyze, and transmit data from their environment. WSNs have gotten a lot of attention from several application sectors because of their capabilities, including  
   
  110  
   
  N. Nordin and M. S. Mohd Pozi  
   
  military surveillance, industrial monitoring, target tracking, and environment monitoring. Numerous energy-efficient protocols have been developed for WSNs to maximize throughputs while extending the lifetime of the networks through the Medium Access Control (MAC) and routing protocols, power consumption, and energy harvesting. The protocols are a vital aspect of WSN communication. The protocols determine the allocation of channel resources among the network’s nodes in a way that maximizes efficiency, manages channel constraint, and ensures that nodes communicate simultaneously in single or multiple channels effectively to reduce interference which leads to packet drop. The WSNs are susceptible to attacks due to the extensive nature of node dispersion and the hardware limitation of the nodes. Numerous studies on single-channel WSN protocols such as LEACH [6], RPL [7] and multi-channel protocols such as Chrysso [8] and MiCMAC [9] that interface to the MAC and the network layers, as well as MCRP [10], that interfaces to the MAC, network, and application layers, have been conducted. The real-time nature of MCRP’s multichannel processing enables it to adjust to any location’s local interference. MCRP is a cross-layer protocol that is decentralized and centrally controlled to reduce interference without knowing where the channels are occupied in advance. In order to effectively use the spectrum, MCRP considers all channels that are accessible and transmits on a number of them. This generality makes it possible for better channels to be selected based on the location the sensor nodes are deployed. As a result, the protocol reduces the impact of interference, improving network efficiency, stability, and link reliability. While MCRP exhibits promising results in terms of improved resilience to interference, significantly higher throughput, and link stability, extending the lifetime of WSNs, it is vulnerable to numerous attacks because security was not considered. The protocol is more susceptible to attacks due to the cross-layer attributes and usage of several channels which are necessary for proper data transmission and reception. Thus, the intrusion detection system is a potential approach to detect attacks. 2.2 Intrusion Detection Systems The limitations of sensor nodes in WSNs prevent traditional IDSs from being directly implemented in WSNs. To resolve this issue, various IDSs have been proposed for WSNs. Due to its IDS mechanism and the high processing demands of the algorithms of the IDs, several extended protocols have negatively impacted the network’s energy. An IDS tracks traffic data that may be used to spot and prevent intrusions that compromise the privacy, integrity, and accessibility of an information system. An IDS is a term for software or hardware devices that monitor networks for cyberattacks from inside or outside and trigger an alert.  
   
  Fig. 1. Fundamental IDS architecture  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System  
   
  111  
   
  The fundamental architecture of IDS as shown in Fig. 1, comprises four phases. The first phase is monitoring the captured data traffic, which will then be analyzed for any feature extraction or pattern identification in the second phase. The data that has been analyzed is examined in the third phase, the detection stage. Any possible harmful data is detected using IDS. The four types of intrusion detection techniques are signature-based, anomaly-based, specification-based, and hybrid-based IDS. These categories are based on the capability of detection algorithms. All these methods can be used to distinguish between trustworthy and malicious traffic. When a match is discovered, the IDS generates an alert. Signature-Based IDS. The signature-based IDS is also called knowledge-based, misuse-based or rule-based IDS. This method depends on a database containing historical attack signatures and known system vulnerabilities. The signature-based IDS only detects known attacks and issues an alert for any matching signature patterns that have been recorded in the signature database. However, as sensor nodes in WSN have limited storage capacity, they could not store all the attack patterns. An example of a signature-based IDS is as proposed by Kurniawan & Yazid (2020) [11]. The IDS implements a blocking approach on the Denial-of-Service (DoS) attack node. It blocks all packets coming from the attacker’s node until the attacker runs out of energy. Anomaly-Based IDS. The anomaly-based IDS is also called behavior-based IDS. This method detects attacks based on the attack patterns which model the user, network, and host system behavior. An alert will be generated when the detected behavior deviates from the usual behavior. In contrast to the signature-based IDS, the anomaly-based IDS can identify known and unknown threats without prior knowledge of the attack. Based on their functions, anomaly-based detection approaches are divided into four categories: statistical, data mining, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. Mohd et al. (2020) implemented IDS to detect Denial-of-Sleep (DoSL) attacks using support vector machine (SVM) learning in WSN [12]. Mehbodniya et al. (2021) suggested utilizing machine learning techniques like Naive Bayes, random forest, and logistic regression to calculate node packet delivery rates and detect assaults that use false identities, such as the Sybil attack [13]. Mounica et al. (2021) also suggested using machine learning to detect Sybil attacks that distinguish between authorized and illegal access points using the network’s raw traffic data to evaluate the efficacy and accuracy of the machine learning approaches [14]. Specification-Based IDS. The advantages of signature-based and anomaly-based intrusion detection methods are combined in specification-based IDS. It learns the fundamental traits of attacks, identifies known attacks like a signature-based IDS, and also has the ability of anomaly-based IDSs to identify new attacks that do not fit into the system’s normal conduct. Intrusion rules are manually developed in specification-based IDS to detect known and unknown attacks. The manual depiction of specification-based IDS produces few false positives. However, it is a lengthy process to establish the rules. Specification-based IDS can be utilized without the need for training after the rules have been established. Specification-based IDS is ineffective if the manually defined rules do not correspond with the real environment. The forged rank and routing metric detector (FORCE) proposed by Althubaity et al. (2020) is a specification-based IDS. It makes use of the parent-child relationship in the  
   
  112  
   
  N. Nordin and M. S. Mohd Pozi  
   
  RPL topology, where the type of node is an essential part of detection [15]. Each node in FORCE examines the control messages it has received from its neighbors, performs local threat detection using the information supplied, and notifies other nodes when it finds threats in the neighborhood. Gothawal & Nagaraj (2019) suggested an IDS that utilizes the RPL’s specifications, such as rank and DODAG version [16]. It monitors the network traffic to record normal network behavior and compares it with possible attacks. Hybrid-Based IDS. The hybrid-based IDS is a combination of anomaly-based, signature-based or specification-based intrusion detection techniques. Most of the IDSs use any one of the intrusion detections. It is possible to utilize hybrid-based IDS since each intrusion detection technique has its own benefits and drawbacks. In order to increase accuracy and detection rates and reduce false alarm rates, hybrid-based IDS perform the detection by integrating signature-based, anomaly-based, or specification-based intrusion detection methods. Bhushan & Sahoo (2019) proposed an Integrated IDS scheme (IIS), a hybrid IDS that combines clustering and digital signature [17], while Huang et al. (2022) suggested using multi-hop clustering. In their proposed IDS, to monitor the network and detect the intrusion, the cluster heads and the sink operate collaboratively as IDS agents [18]. Gandhimathi & Murugaboopathi (2020) proposed a two stages hybrid IDS that combines packet-based IDS using a cross-layer approach and flow-based IDS [19]. In the first stage, the sensor network’s flow-based IDS differentiates malicious and normal flows. In the second stage, the entire packet’s content is validated using cross-layer features by performing packet payload analysis. This increases the detection process’s accuracy.  
   
  3 Wireless Sensor Network Intrusion Detection Systems WSNs are vulnerable to various cyberattacks that might jeopardize the network’s availability, privacy, control, and reliability. The nodes are usually deployed in hazardous and remote environments. Thus, they are frequently left unattended and unable to physically safeguard the information flow, which raises the risk of node compromise and lowers network security and protection. Therefore, securing such networks from breaches and assaults is vital where effective security measures are necessary. A possible approach to safeguard WSNs against cyberattacks is the cross-layer intrusion detection system, which protects multiple WSN layers. 3.1 Wireless Sensor Network Attacks A WSN can be subjected to a variety of attacks, including spoofing, eavesdropping, jamming, sinkhole attack, wormhole attack, black hole attack, Sybil attack and DoS attack [1–5, 20]. Attacks that cause packet loss are among the most destructive and disruptive threats to WSNs. When such an attack occurs, normal network operations are disrupted because the received data packets or control messages are discarded instead of forwarded to other nodes. Attacks against WSNs can be grouped according to their OSI layers since each layer is vulnerable to multiple attacks.  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System  
   
  113  
   
  Physical Layer. The physical layer in WSNs performs various operations, including the production of carrier signals, signal identification, modulation, and information cryptography to transfer data from the sensor nodes across wireless channels. The functions of sensor nodes are compromised when radio transmissions are obstructed or intercepted. A node might be the target of a DoS attack by jamming the physical channel. In this attack, an attacker constantly jams the communication frequencies by sending out unnecessary signals. A legitimate node becomes unavailable to the other nodes as it is occupied with receiving the signals from the malicious node, which jams the network [21]. Bengag et al. (2019) proposed a novel IDS approach based on the packet delivery ratio, energy consumption, signal strength indication received and bad packet ratios as the indicators for detecting jamming attacks in WBAN [22]. An alert is triggered when one of the indicators crosses the network threshold to indicate the presence of a jammer node. Bengag et al. (2023) improved their work by using a fuzzy logic system to identify jamming attacks in different network cases [23]. Savva et al. (2022) also proposed to detect jamming attacks through the use of fuzzy logic [24]. Data Link Layer. The link layer in WSNs, consisting of the MAC layer, is used to control errors and detect and access data frames. The MAC layer is vulnerable to several attack types, including back-off manipulation, denial of sleep and exhaustion attacks. A back-off manipulation attack is used to shorten the back-off time to get the channel priority. Ghugar & Pradhan (2020) proposed a MAC layer trust-based intrusion detection system, ML-IDS, based on the concept of a weighting method to detect back-off manipulation attacks [25]. A node subjected to a denial of service (DoS) attack, leading to a denial of sleep attack (DoSL) has its ability to sleep restricted. This raises the power needed for node data transmission and reception. It is also called an exhaustion attack. If no data has to be sent, the MAC protocols retain the node in sleep mode. The attacker attempts to keep the node awake by sending messages constantly, which results in an unnecessary transmission and increases energy consumption until all the node’s energy is depleted. Mohd et al. (2020) proposed an IDS using support vector machine learning in WSN to detect denial of sleep attacks [12]. It uses feature ranking and pruning based on performance analyzing parameters. Yaghoubi et al. (2022) on the other hand, proposed a Trust Value Based Intrusion Detection System (TIDS) that uses a genetic algorithm framework in WBAN to identify and prevent denial of sleep [26]. Hussain et al. (2019) proposed an IDS using a soft decision mechanism to identify, prevent and avoid exhaustion attacks [27]. Network Layer. In WSNs, the network layer manages the routes and data transmission using routing protocols to determine the best path from the source node to the destination node. At the network layer, the attacker attacks by gaining control of the data and interfering with its route. Attacks on the network layer can be severe because they compromise the entire network operation, particularly the routing part. Examples of attacks on this layer are Sybil, blackhole, and wormhole attacks. Sybil attacks target fault-tolerance techniques, and as a result, they manifest in networks that utilize multiple paths for routing. In a Sybil attack, a malicious node assumes the identities of several other nodes to disguise its true identity. Sybil refers to these false identities that appear to be multiple nodes. These Sybil may develop their own identities  
   
  114  
   
  N. Nordin and M. S. Mohd Pozi  
   
  or take on the identities of authorized nodes. Mehbodniya et al. (2021) proposed the use of machine learning approaches such as Naïve Bayes, Random Forest, and Logistic Regression to detect fake identity and Sybil attacks using the node’s packet delivery rates [13]. Mounica et al. (2021) proposed a machine-learning model to evaluate the efficacy and precision of machine-learning techniques for identifying authorized and unauthorized access points in networks where raw internet traffic data has been gathered to detect Sybil attacks [14]. Arshad et al. (2022) proposed a Trust-based Hybrid cooperative RPL protocol (THC-RPL) that observes the directly connected neighbor node’s behavior and calculates the trust value in detecting Sybil nodes [28]. Distance vector routing protocols are vulnerable to blackhole attacks where a malicious node claims a short routing distance from the source and the destination nodes. As a result, the attacker node is used to deceive the source node into passing data to the target node through it. The attacker node gets packets from the source node, but it drops them instead of delivering them to the destination node. Soni & Sudhakar (2020) proposed the Link Hop Value-based Intrusion Detection System (L-IDS) against the blackhole attack by establishing a wireless link between the nodes, exchanging data packets, and identifying the link hop value as the presence of the attacker by incorporating the data delivery in each hop [29]. On the other hand, Kumar et al. (2023) suggested anomalybased hierarchical intrusion detection that uses a trust model and data routing with data type verification as the time of route to detect and prevent blackhole attacks [30]. Wormhole attacks are particularly common in WSNs, occurring on a low-latency bandwidth. The wormhole attack occurs within two independent network nodes containing distinctive portions of a message. The attacker uses a laptop or other wireless device to tunnel the packet to another area of the WSN over a low-latency link, where they are replayed. Deshmukh-Bhosale & Sonavane (2019) proposed an IDS for wormholes using RSSI to identify the attack and attacker node [31]. Bhosale & Sonavane (2021) further proposed an innovative intrusion detection system that detects wormhole attacks by analyzing the location information of any node and its neighbors, as well as the Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) values and the hop count [32]. Transport Layer. WSNs’ simplified or omitted transport layer protocols make this layer less vulnerable to attacks than the network layer. The transportation layer enables logical connections between two different sensor nodes. Examples of transport layer attacks are flood attacks, desynchronization attacks, and session hijacking attacks. The purpose of flooding is to drain a sensor node’s memory by delivering a large number of connection setup requests. Desynchronization can be used to request retransmissions by transmitting packets with a different sequence number. Session hijacking occurs when an unsecured or inadequately protected session is hijacked at the start. When the right sequence number is discovered, the attacker spoofs the target node’s IP address and launches a DoS attack. The attacker’s goal is to get private information such as identities, passwords, and secret keys. Application Layer. Protocols on the application layer are more vulnerable to DoS attacks. This layer holds user applications and data and is compatible with HTTP, Telnet, SMTP, and FTP protocols. The attacker is particularly interested in application layer information as it directly contains data about the user. At the application layer, a Manin-the-Middle attack (MITM) is a type of eavesdropping which is also called a sniffing  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System  
   
  115  
   
  or snooping attack. It occurs when an outsider eavesdrops on the conversations of two or more exchange parties. Maniriho et al. (2020) presented an anomaly-based IDS approach that uses a hybrid feature selection engine. It chooses the most important information and uses the Random Forest algorithm to classify traffic as normal or abnormal [33]. The IDS can detect DoS and MITM attacks. Table 1. Attacks in WSN based on the layers. Layer  
   
  Attacks  
   
  Physical  
   
  Jamming, DoS, tampering, Sybil attack, interception, eavesdropping, active interference  
   
  Data link  
   
  Back-off manipulation, replay attack, interception, DoS, exhaustion attack, Sybil attack, collision, unfairness, traffic analysis and monitoring, spoofing and altering routing attack, selfish misbehavior, malicious misbehavior, Denial of sleep attack  
   
  Network  
   
  Selective forwarding attack, sinkhole attack, wormhole attack, black hole attack, Sybil attack, DoS, hello flood attack, Homing, spoofing attack, neglect and greed, grey-hole attack, misdirection attack, Internet smurf attack, rushing attack, replay attack, Byzantine attack  
   
  Transport  
   
  SYN flooding attack, desynchronization, session hijacking  
   
  Application Eavesdropping, false data injection, spoofing and altering routing attack, malicious code attack, repudiation attack, DoS attack  
   
  Other attacks on all the layers are listed in Table 1 [1–5]. These cyber-attacks have a variety of objectives, including stealing, altering, hacking, and flooding the targeted nodes with excessive packets to deplete the sensors’ battery power and disconnect them from the network, making them unusable and hindering them from sensing or routing traffic. The performance, effectiveness, and reliability of communication may suffer as a result of these attacks. To overcome these problems, effective security mechanisms, such as well-defined detection and mitigation procedures, must be put in place. As a result, intrusion detection methods to protect against such attacks are becoming increasingly important. An intrusion detection system (IDS) is a promising solution to identify intrusions in WSNs. However, the IDSs in WSNs face new challenges due to the characteristics of WSNs, thus, there is a need for an IDS to work interoperability across the layers.  
   
  3.2 Cross-layer Intrusion Detection Systems Due to the numerous characteristics of sensor networks, such as their limited battery power supply, poor bandwidth support, self-organizing nature, and dependence on other nodes, there is a significant risk of security attacks in all OSI model layers. A single or a series of attacks may be made. Several specific attacks occur at regular intervals, such as blackhole attacks, rushing attacks, and flooding attacks. It has been noticed that circumstances may result in several attacks rather than a single attack. As a result, it is  
   
  116  
   
  N. Nordin and M. S. Mohd Pozi  
   
  preferable to develop an effective Intrusion Detection System (IDS) capable of handling many attacks. Several proposed intrusion detection schemes are proposed based on a cross-layer approach, including the physical, data link and network layers that contribute towards the design of a cross-layer intrusion detection system. Cross-layer IDS secures WSNs by detecting various malicious activities and attackers at different layers. Amouri et al. (2018) proposed an IDS that has a two-stage detection process that happens locally and globally [34]. The IDS system is for data collecting that works in situations that prohibit direct access to data on specific nodes. It uses dedicated sniffers to capture packets and generate correctly classified instances. The system establishes a detection threshold based on these instances. By analyzing the variation of correctly classified instances from different sniffers using a sliding window approach, the IDS detects malicious nodes in the network. Alharthi & Abdullah (2019) developed XLID, a cross-layer intrusion detection system between the network and MAC layers [35]. XLID detects intruders trying to communicate with network nodes by analyzing packet data and signal strength. It combines information from the MAC, network, and physical layers to identify potential attacks. XLID offers a unified system for detecting various intrusions at both layers, using cross-layer concepts. Canbalaban & Sen (2020) proposed a novel intrusion detection system for RPL using neural networks [36]. It combines features from the link and network layers to detect specific attacks on RPL, such as version number, worst parent, and hello flood attacks. By analyzing packet drops at the link layer, the system distinguishes between natural losses and those caused by attacks. The system aims to process large amounts of data generated by RPL and accurately predict the type of attack, not just its presence. Ghugar et al. (2019) proposed LB-IDS, a layered-based intrusion detection system for Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) [21]. LB-IDS aims to detect various types of attacks, including jamming, back-off manipulation, sinkhole, and cross-layer attacks, occurring at different network protocol stack layers. The system calculates the trust value of a sensor node by analyzing the trust metrics’ deviation at the physical, MAC, and network layers, considering trustworthiness in each layer individually. By utilizing this layered approach, LB-IDS provides a comprehensive means of identifying and mitigating attacks at multiple levels within the WSN. Gandhimathi & Murugaboopathi (2020) proposed a hybrid IDS for WSN that consists of two stages [19]. The first stage utilizes cross-layer features, considering both the network and MAC layers. The network layer analyses packet routing, while the MAC layer considers medium access duration. If a compromised node is detected based on high MAC duration and packet drop rates, it is declared as an attacker. The second stage correlates the MAC and network layers to analyze IP flow records to detect network traffic attacks accurately. Each of these proposed IDS in Table 2 showed to detect various types of attacks in WSN. Further improvements are required to enable these IDS to adapt to any changes in WSN, such as the limitations on the nodes and the attacks.  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System  
   
  117  
   
  Table 2. Existing IDS in WSN based on the layers. Authors  
   
  Intrusion Detection Approaches  
   
  Amouri et al. (2018) [34]  
   
  Traces packets  
   
  Ghugar et al. (2019) [21]  
   
  Trust value  
   
  Alharthi & Abdullah (2019) [35]  
   
  Combines information from layers  
   
  Gandhimathi & Murugaboopathi (2020) [19]  
   
  Packet routing, medium access duration  
   
  Canbalaban & Sen (2020) [36]  
   
  Neural networks  
   
  Bengag et al. (2019) [22]  
   
  Packet delivery ratio, energy consumption, RSSI, bad packet ratios  
   
  Bengag et al. (2023) [23]  
   
  Fuzzy logic system  
   
  Hussain et al. (2019) [27]  
   
  Soft decision mechanism  
   
  Ghugar & Pradhan (2020) [25]  
   
  Weighting method  
   
  Mohd et al. (2020) [12]  
   
  Support vector machine learning  
   
  Yaghoubi et al. (2022) [26]  
   
  Trust value  
   
  Deshmukh-Bhosale & Sonavane (2019) [31]  
   
  RSSI  
   
  Soni & Sudhakar (2020) [29]  
   
  Hop count  
   
  Mehbodniya et al. (2021) [13]  
   
  Machine learning approaches  
   
  Mounica et al. (2021) [14]  
   
  Machine learning approach  
   
  Bhosale & Sonavane (2021) [32]  
   
  Location information, RSSI, hop count  
   
  Arshad et al. (2022) [28]  
   
  Trust value  
   
  Kumar et al. (2023) [30]  
   
  Trust model and verification  
   
  Maniriho et al. (2020) [33]  
   
  Random Forest algorithm  
   
  Layers P √  
   
  D √  
   
  N √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  T  
   
  A  
   
  √  
   
  √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √  
   
  * P is physical, D is data link, N is network, T is transport and A is application  
   
  4 Challenges and Future Directions The IDS schemes presently in use usually consider a few of the attacks. Attacks on other layers of the WSN are disregarded mainly by most currently employed techniques, which exclusively focus on one or more types of attacks on one layer of the WSN. In order to identify numerous attacks on distinct WSN layers, a cross-layer IDS needs to be devised. Future expansion of the types of attacks across the layers that an IDS must take into consideration when doing detection is intriguing. Additionally, multi-channel cross-layer protocols like MCRP were created to lengthen the lifespan of WSNs, but security was not a consideration. In order to safeguard the multi-channel cross-layer  
   
  118  
   
  N. Nordin and M. S. Mohd Pozi  
   
  routing mechanism and make it resistant to both insider and external attackers, it might be expanded to add security features such as with an IDS. WSNs use energy to gather information about their surroundings, process it, and send the resulting data. The IDSs must therefore use the least amount of energy feasible to leave enough for the WSN’s vital operations. IDSs are crucial for the security of WSNs, and those created for them need to have specific features like low power usage. The success of an IDS in a WSN depends on the way it affects the network’s energy usage as a WSN is resource constrained. Maintaining a network over its lifespan is one of the biggest issues in WSNs, so energy efficiency in IDSs is equally important. WSN sensor nodes have limited storage capacity. Therefore, it is challenging to meet the need to store attack signatures in sensor nodes. In order to create an IDS in the WSN to identify various sorts of attacks, machine learning techniques were mostly utilized. The drawback of those techniques is that they require more memory to deploy a model to a sensor node and take longer for machine learning algorithms to build and evaluate data sets for WSN. It could be conceivable to develop a hybrid or cloud-based machine learning prototype for carrying out intrusion detection in the WSN to reduce the amount of memory required in the detection techniques. Another point to consider is many of the IDS schemes available do not provide self-defense. It is crucial because certain attackers may frequently generate false alarms by flooding the IDS host with irrelevant traffic. The host can run out of resources as a result, leaving the system open to intrusions. IDS’s ability to protect itself is thus desirable.  
   
  5 Conclusions WSNs face numerous cyberattacks that pose risks to the network’s availability, privacy, control, and reliability. These attacks exploit the vulnerable nature of nodes deployed in hazardous and remote environments, where they often remain unattended, unable to protect the information flow physically. As a result, there is an increased likelihood of node compromise, leading to decreased network security and protection. It is crucial to implement robust security measures to safeguard these networks against breaches and assaults. One effective approach is the adoption of a cross-layer intrusion detection system, which provides comprehensive protection across multiple WSN layers. This paper reviews the existing IDS at each of the layers and cross-layers for WSN in terms of the attacks and approaches. Cross-layer IDS can detect early signs of advanced attacks exploiting multiple layers’ vulnerabilities. They reduce evasion techniques by analyzing data from multiple layers, making it harder for attackers to evade detection. However, it’s important to consider WSN’s limited resources and constraints when designing and implementing cross-layer IDS. Thus, a more energy-efficient cross-layer IDS for WSN needs to be developed and improved from the existing IDS.  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System  
   
  119  
   
  References 1. Khan, K., Mehmood, A., Khan, S., Khan, M.A., Iqbal, Z., Mashwani, W.K.: A survey on intrusion detection and prevention in wireless ad-hoc networks. J. Syst. Architect. 105, 101701 (2020) 2. Pundir, S., Wazid, M., Singh, D.P., Das, A.K., Rodrigues, J.J., Park, Y.: Intrusion detection protocols in wireless sensor networks integrated to Internet of Things deployment: survey and future challenges. IEEE Access 8, 3343–3363 (2019) 3. Elsaid, S.A., Albatati, N.S.: An optimized collaborative intrusion detection system for wireless sensor networks. Soft. Comput. 24(16), 12553–12567 (2020) 4. Faris, M., Mahmud, M.N., Salleh, M.F.M., Alnoor, A.: Wireless sensor network security: a recent review based on state-of-the-art works. Int. J. Eng. Bus. Manag. 15 (2023) 5. Godala, S., Vaddella, R.P.V.: A study on intrusion detection system in wireless sensor networks. Int. J. Commun. Netw. Inf. Secur. 12(1), 127–141 (2020) 6. Kong, H.Y.: Energy efficient cooperative LEACH protocol for wireless sensor networks. J. Commun. Netw. 12(4), 358–365 (2010) 7. Winter, T., et al.: RPL: IPv6 routing protocol for low-power and lossy networks (No. RFC6550) (2012) 8. Iyer, V., Woehrle, M., Langendoen, K.: Chrysso—a multi-channel approach to mitigate external interference. In: 2011 8th Annual IEEE Communications Society Conference on Sensor, Mesh and Ad Hoc Communications and Networks, pp. 449–457. IEEE (2011) 9. Al Nahas, B., Duquennoy, S., Iyer, V., Voigt, T.: Low-power listening goes multi-channel. In: 2014 IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing in Sensor Systems, pp. 2–9. IEEE (2014) 10. Nordin, N., Clegg, R.G., Rio, M.: Multi-channel cross-layer routing for sensor networks. In: 2016 23rd International Conference on Telecommunications (ICT), pp. 1–6. IEEE (2016) 11. Kurniawan, M.T., Yazid, S.: Mitigation and detection strategy of dos attack on wireless sensor network using blocking approach and intrusion detection system. In: 2020 International Conference on Electrical, Communication, and Computer Engineering (ICECCE), pp. 1–5. IEEE (2020) 12. Mohd, N., Singh, A., Bhadauria, H.S.: A novel SVM based IDS for distributed denial of sleep strike in wireless sensor networks. Wirel. Pers. Commun. 111(3), 1999–2022 (2020) 13. Mehbodniya, A., Webber, J.L., Shabaz, M., Mohafez, H., Yadav, K.: Machine learning technique to detect Sybil attack on IoT based sensor network. IETE J. Res. 1–9 (2021) 14. Mounica, M., Vijayasaraswathi, R., Vasavi, R.: Detecting Sybil attack in wireless sensor networks using machine learning algorithms. IOP Conf. Ser. Mater. Sci. Eng. 1042(1). IOP Publishing (2021) 15. Althubaity, A., Gong, T., Raymond, K.K., Nixon, M., Ammar, R., Han, S.: Specificationbased distributed detection of rank-related attacks in RPL-based resource-constrained realtime wireless networks. In: 2020 IEEE Conference on Industrial Cyberphysical Systems (ICPS), vol. 1, pp. 168–175. IEEE (2020) 16. Gothawal, D.B., Nagaraj, S.V.: Intrusion detection for enhancing RPL security. Procedia Comput. Sci. 165, 565–572 (2019) 17. Bhushan, B., Sahoo, G.: A hybrid secure and energy efficient cluster based intrusion detection system for wireless sensing environment. In: 2019 2nd International Conference on Signal Processing and Communication (ICSPC), pp. 325–329. IEEE (2019) 18. Huang, D.W., Luo, F., Bi, J., Sun, M.: An efficient hybrid IDS deployment architecture for multi-hop clustered wireless sensor networks. IEEE Trans. Inf. Forensics Secur. 17, 2688– 2702 (2022)  
   
  120  
   
  N. Nordin and M. S. Mohd Pozi  
   
  19. Gandhimathi, L., Murugaboopathi, G.: A novel hybrid intrusion detection using flow-based anomaly detection and cross-layer features in wireless sensor network. Autom. Control. Comput. Sci. 54, 62–69 (2020) 20. Jilani, S.A., Koner, C., Nandi, S.: Security in wireless sensor networks: attacks and evasion. In: 2020 National Conference on Emerging Trends on Sustainable Technology and Engineering Applications (NCETSTEA), pp. 1–5. IEEE (2020) 21. Ghugar, U., Pradhan, J., Bhoi, S.K., Sahoo, R.R.: LB-IDS: securing wireless sensor network using protocol layer trust-based intrusion detection system. J. Comput. Netw. Commun. (2019) 22. Bengag, A., Moussaoui, O., Moussaoui, M.: A new IDS for detecting jamming attacks in WBAN. In: 2019 Third International Conference on Intelligent Computing in Data Sciences (ICDS), pp. 1–5. IEEE (2019) 23. Bengag, A., Bengag, A., Moussaoui, O., Mohamed, B.: A fuzzy logic-based intrusion detection system for WBAN against jamming attacks. In: Bekkay, H., Mellit, A., Gagliano, A., Rabhi, A., Amine Koulali, M. (eds.) ICEERE 2022. LNEE, vol. 954, pp. 3–11. Springer, Singapore (2023). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-19-6223-3_1 24. Savva, M., Ioannou, I., Vassiliou, V.: Fuzzy-logic based IDS for detecting jamming attacks in wireless mesh IoT networks. In: 2022 20th Mediterranean Communication and Computer Networking Conference (MedComNet), pp. 54–63. IEEE (2022) 25. Ghugar, U., Pradhan, J.: ML-IDS: MAC layer trust-based intrusion detection system for wireless sensor networks. In: Behera, H.S., Nayak, J., Naik, B., Pelusi, D. (eds.) Computational Intelligence in Data Mining. AISC, vol. 990, pp. 427–434. Springer, Singapore (2020). https:// doi.org/10.1007/978-981-13-8676-3_37 26. Yaghoubi, M., Ahmed, K., Miao, Y.: TIDS: trust value-based IDS framework for wireless body area network. In: 2022 32nd International Telecommunication Networks and Applications Conference (ITNAC), pp. 142–148. IEEE (2022) 27. Hussain, I., Zahra, S., Hussain, A., Bedru, H. D., Haider, S., Gumzhacheva, D.: Intruder attacks on wireless sensor networks: a soft decision and prevention mechanism. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 10(5) (2019) 28. Arshad, D., Asim, M., Tariq, N., Baker, T., Tawfik, H., Al-Jumeily OBE, D.: THC-RPL: a lightweight trust-enabled routing in RPL-based IoT networks against Sybil attack. PloS ONE 17(7) (2022) 29. Soni, G., Sudhakar, R.: A L-IDS against dropping attack to secure and improve RPL performance in WSN aided IoT. In: 2020 7th International Conference on Signal Processing and Integrated Networks (SPIN), pp. 377–383. IEEE (2020) 30. Kumar, V.N., et al.: Anomaly-based hierarchical intrusion detection for black hole attack detection and prevention in WSN. In: Reddy, K.A., Devi, B.R., George, B., Raju, K.S., Sellathurai, M. (eds.) Proceedings of Fourth International Conference on Computer and Communication Technologies. Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems, vol. 606, pp. 319–327. Springer, Singapore (2023). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-19-8563-8_30 31. Deshmukh-Bhosale, S., Sonavane, S.S.: A real-time intrusion detection system for wormhole attack in the RPL based Internet of Things. Procedia Manuf. 32, 840–847 (2019) 32. Bhosale, S.A., Sonavane, S.S.: Wormhole attack detection system for IoT network: a hybrid approach. Wirel. Pers. Commun. 124(2), 1081–1108 (2022) 33. Maniriho, P., Niyigaba, E., Bizimana, Z., Twiringiyimana, V., Mahoro, L.J., Ahmad, T.: Anomaly-based intrusion detection approach for IoT networks using machine learning. In: 2020 International Conference on Computer Engineering, Network, and Intelligent Multimedia (CENIM), pp. 303–308. IEEE (2020) 34. Amouri, A., Morgera, S.D., Bencherif, M.A., Manthena, R.: A cross-layer, anomaly-based IDS for WSN and MANET. Sensors 18(2), 651 (2018)  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System  
   
  121  
   
  35. Alharthi, M., Abdullah, M.: XLID: cross-layer intrusion detection system for wireless sensor networks. Indian J. Sci. Technol. 12, 3 (2019) 36. Canbalaban, E., Sen, S.: A cross-layer intrusion detection system for RPL-based Internet of Things. In: Grieco, L.A., Boggia, G., Piro, G., Jararweh, Y., Campolo, C. (eds.) ADHOCNOW 2020. LNCS, vol. 12338, pp. 214–227. Springer, Cham (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/ 978-3-030-61746-2_16  
   
  Digital Media and Information Literacy  
   
  A Feature-Based Optimization Approach for Fake News Detection on Social Media Using K-Means Clustering Farzana Kabir Ahmad1(B)  
   
  , Siti Sakira Kamaruddin1 and Farah Lia Ibrahim1  
   
  , Adnan Hussein Ali1,2 ,  
   
  1 School of Computing, College of Arts and Sciences, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06000 Sintok,  
   
  Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Department of Computer Science, College of Computer Science and Engineering, Al-Ahgaff University, Hadhramaut, Yemen  
   
  Abstract. The social networks and news ecosystem provide valuable social information, however, the rise of deceptive content such as fake news generated by social media users, poses an increasing threat to the propagation and diffusion of fake news over the social network and among users. Low-quality news and misinformation spread on social media had negative impacts on individuals and society. Hence, it is essential to detect fake news to ensure the spread of accurate and truthful information. To address this problem, a new approach using Binary Bat Algorithm (BBA) for fake news detection (FND) on Twitter data is proposed in this paper. Twitter data usually generates massive feature space which might consist of irrelevant features that could jeopardize the subsequent process. The proposed FND approach involves four stages, namely data collection, pre-processing, feature extraction, and fake news detection. The proposed techniques are tested on PHEME dataset, and the experimental results are measured in term average of Precision (PR), Recall (R), F-measure (F), and Accuracy (ACC). The experimental results show that the BBA algorithm has outperformed the Social Spider Optimization (SSO) algorithm. Thus, BBA is a promising solution for solving high-dimensionality feature space in fake news Twitter data. Keywords: Fake news detection · Binary Bat Algorithm · Social Spider Optimization · Feature Selection · Text Mining  
   
  1 Introduction The proliferation of fake news through social media in recent years has brought new challenges among researchers and rise global concerns. Fake news is described as misleading information that is intentionally spread through traditional or digital media to deceive and misinform the public and can be used to manipulate public opinion or to gain political or financial advantages. Generally, there are many forms of fake news which include fabricated stories, manipulated images or videos, or misleading headlines. These © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 125–136, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_10  
   
  126  
   
  F. K. Ahmad et al.  
   
  forms of fake news have the potential to spread rapidly, due to the development of new technologies and smartphones, causing harm to individuals, groups, and even entire nations. Currently, the spread of fake news has become a substantial problem due to the vast amounts of information available on social media platforms [1]. The diffusion of fake news can have critical outcomes as it may jeopardize and create distrust in legitimate news sources, undermining democracy, and contributing to social and political conflict. Moreover, it is estimated that nowadays about 80–90% of unstructured data is generated which makes it difficult to gain insight into these current problems. Despite several efforts that have been taken [1, 2], fake news and misinformation continue to be a significant problem among researchers. Thus, the development of effective approaches for detecting fake news has become an urgent research area. Despite the challenges posed by unstructured data, various techniques can be used to extract meaningful information from unstructured data, providing organizations with new insights and opportunities for innovation. One promising research area is to use feature-based optimization techniques that identify key characteristics of fake news [2]. Current years have witnessed that most fake new detection models are highly dependent on feature extraction techniques. Several studies are implemented by researchers to reduce the high-dimensionally features in fake news detection models using numerous feature extraction techniques, and to address issues related to redundant, irrelevant, and noisy features [1–3]. Feature extraction is mainly used for the identification of relevant patterns and characteristics in textual data that is used to differentiate between real and fake news. Several common feature extraction techniques used in fake news detection include: i. Bag-of-words: This technique involves representing each document as a frequency distribution of the words it contains. However, the bag-of-words technique overlooks the order of words in the text yet captures the frequency of each word only, which later is used as a feature in machine learning models. The main disadvantage of this technique is that it ignores the rank of words in a text, which results in the loss of important semantic information. ii. Term frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF): TF-IDF is another feature extraction technique that is commonly used in fake news detection. The fundamental of this technique relies on weights measurement that offers the importance of each word in a document based on how frequently it appears in the document and across all documents in the corpus. Unlike bag-of-words, this technique is useful in identifying words that are unique to a particular document. Yet, TF-IDF requires a specific threshold to be determined in selecting the top features. iii. Named Entity Recognition (NER): NER is used to indicate words that represent realworld objects, such as people, places, and institutes. Named entity recognition can be used to identify the named entities in a text, which can then be used as features in machine learning models to distinguish between real and fake news. NER is heavily determined by the comprehensiveness of existing lexicons or dictionaries for extracting different parts of words or named entities. iv. Part-of-speech (POS) tagging: This technique involves identifying the grammatical components of a sentence, such as nouns, verbs, and adjectives. This information  
   
  A Feature-Based Optimization Approach for Fake News Detection  
   
  127  
   
  can be used to identify patterns in language use that may be associated with fake news. Like NER, POS is dependent on existing lexicons. Besides the above studies, in some fake news detection models, several researchers have omitted the feature selection phase that caused poor performance since the training data can be biased and overwhelmed which ultimately hinders the subsequent process. Hence, this paper proposes a feature-based optimization approach for fake news detection on social media using BBA and SSO with K-Means clustering. The approach involves extracting relevant features from Twitter data, and optimizing these features before clustering them with K-Means. The resulting optimized features are to train a machine learning model for fake news detection. The proposed approach aims to achieve high accuracy in fake news detection. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section two provides related works in clustering analysis. The proposed feature-based optimization approach for fake news detection on social media using K-Means clustering is presented in section three. Section four describes the experimental setup and the results obtained. Finally, section five presents the conclusion and future work.  
   
  2 Related Works in Clustering Analysis Cluster analysis is a technique for finding regions in n-dimensional space with large concentrations of data. These regions are called “clusters”. Data are sorted into groups in clustering analysis based on predetermined principles. Its function is to categorize the data so that there is a significant degree of similarity within classes and a minor degree of similarity between classes. Although there are many different types of clustering algorithms available right now, each one has unique properties and applications. In general, there are different perspectives in categorizing the data, such as: a) Partition method: The partition method is an iterative relocation algorithm that reduce the clustering criteria by reallocating the data points between clusters until convergence occurred. One of the common algorithms under this method is K- Means [4]. b) Hierarchical method: Hierarchical clustering is an algorithm that builds a hierarchy of clusters. This algorithm starts with all the data points assigned to a cluster of their own. Then two nearest clusters are merged into the same cluster. In the end, this algorithm terminates when there is only a single cluster left. The results of hierarchical clustering can be shown using a dendrogram. The issue with this method is the emerging and splitting of clusters are complex and errors generated cannot be revised. Moreover, this method is difficult to handle complex datasets. c) Density-based method: Density-based Clustering method is based on determining regions where points are concentrated and those regions where the data points are separated by vacant or sparse regions [5]. Points that do not belong to any cluster are assigned as noise/outliers. One of the disadvantages of density-based clustering is it unable to handle high-dimensional datasets. Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise (DBSCAN) is representational of the density-based clustering method.  
   
  128  
   
  F. K. Ahmad et al.  
   
  d) Grid-based method: grid-based approach mainly used quantized cells to divide the data space and conduct a necessary operation. The main advantage of the grid-based approach is it provides fast processing time which mainly depends on the number of quantized cells. Nevertheless, this approach is not able to cope with various data densities. Methods such as CLustering in QUEst (CLIQUE), STatistical INformation Grid (STING), Merging of Adaptive Intervals Approach to Spatial Data Mining (MAFIA), Wave Cluster, and Orthogonal partitioning CLUSTERing (O-CLUSTER) are examples of Grid-based method.  
   
  3 Methodology This study proposed a fake news detection model using BBA and SSO with K-Means clustering. The proposed model is tested using Twitter data and measured based on several performance metrics as explained below. The proposed model is depicted in Fig. 1. The proposed fake news detection model consists of several phases which include Phase 1: Data Collection, Phase II: Data Pre-processing, Phase III: Feature Extraction, and Phase IV Feature Selection and Clustering. Each of these phases is explained in detail in the following sections.  
   
  Fig. 1. The proposed fake news detection model.  
   
  3.1 Phase 1: Data Collection The PHEME dataset is a publicly available dataset of Twitter conversations related to nine breaking news events. It was created to support research in the field of information verification and rumor detection on social media. The dataset consists of approximately 570,000 tweets from over 20,000 Twitter users. The tweets were collected between 2013 and 2015 and relate to nine different news events. However, in this study, only five breaking news events of The PHEME are included, which are: 1. Charlie Hebdo shooting in Paris (January 2015) - A terrorist attack on the offices of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo resulted in the deaths of 12 people. 2. Sydney siege (December 2014) - A hostage-taking incident that occurred at the Lindt Cafe in Sydney, Australia, resulted in the deaths of two hostages and the gunman.  
   
  A Feature-Based Optimization Approach for Fake News Detection  
   
  129  
   
  3. Ottawa shooting (October 2014) – An incident of a terrorist attack on the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa on October 22, whereby a Canadian soldier and a gunman were fatally shot. 4. Ferguson shooting (August 2014) - Protests that occurred in Ferguson, Missouri, which end up the firing of Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager, by a white police officer. 5. Germanwings plane crash: An incident occurred on March 24, 2015, in which a passenger plane from Barcelona to Düsseldorf found collapsed in the French Alps. This event killed all passengers and crew. At last, the investigators have discovered that the plane was been intentionally crashed by the co-pilot of the plane. Events that have been described above are from the Twitter threads that are collectively stored in PHEME dataset. Table 1 shows the statistical information for PHEME dataset, with events that have occurred and their respective rumors/non-rumors information (in percentage) (Table 2). Table 1. The statistic information for PHEME dataset. Events  
   
  Rumors  
   
  Rumors%  
   
  Non-rumors  
   
  Non-rumors%  
   
  Total  
   
  Charlie Hebdo  
   
  458  
   
  22.0  
   
  1621  
   
  78.0  
   
  2079  
   
  Sydney siege  
   
  522  
   
  42.75  
   
  699  
   
  57.25  
   
  1221  
   
  Ottawa shooting  
   
  470  
   
  52.81  
   
  420  
   
  47.19  
   
  890  
   
  Ferguson shooting  
   
  284  
   
  24.8  
   
  859  
   
  75.20  
   
  1143  
   
  Germanwings plane crash  
   
  238  
   
  50.75  
   
  231  
   
  49.25  
   
  469  
   
  1972  
   
  3830  
   
  5802  
   
  Table 2. The output of feature extraction using the TF-IDF technique. children  
   
  fire  
   
  man  
   
  out  
   
  women  
   
  divorce  
   
  walk  
   
  shoot  
   
  0  
   
  0.00  
   
  0.00  
   
  0.69  
   
  0.00  
   
  0.55  
   
  0.43  
   
  0.00  
   
  0.46  
   
  1  
   
  0.41  
   
  0.50  
   
  0.37  
   
  0.32  
   
  0.00  
   
  0.43  
   
  0.00  
   
  0.46  
   
  Additionally, the PHEME dataset includes further metadata such as user profiles, tweet timestamps, and retweet and mention relationships. These metadata are useful to examine the spread of fake news on social media. PHEME dataset is used in this study as it has been widely used in many other studies which include studies on rumor detection, information verification, and social media analysis. This dataset is freely accessible at https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/nicolemichelle/pheme-dataset-for-rumour-detection.  
   
  130  
   
  F. K. Ahmad et al.  
   
  3.2 Phase II Data Pre-processing Data pre-processing is a crucial step in text mining, where the raw data is prepared for subsequent processes. In general, there are some common techniques used in data preprocessing such as (1) tokenization, (2) stop word removal, (3) stemming and lemmatization, (4) lowercasing, removing special characters and punctuation and (5) spell checking and correction. Some of these techniques can be applied to the raw dataset depending on its need and the requirement of the task at hand. At the stage of data pre-processing, several techniques have been applied and some parameters are adjusted to obtain optimal results. In this study, the TextBlob library is used to tokenize the words into features. TextBlob is a Python library for processing textual data. 3.3 Phase III Feature Extraction Once the data is cleaned, the next phase is text feature extraction. Text feature extraction is the process to transform the pre-processed data into vectorization space which can be used as input for the machine learning model. The main aim of this phase is to reduce the high dimensionality features to more efficient and meaningful vector space. Generally, there are three common feature extraction techniques as explained below: 1. Bag of words: Bags of words is a representation of text according to its occurrence in the document. This technique counts the words and represents them based on their frequencies in a given document or corpus. The matrix created represents unique features however, this technique may lead to a spare matrix that often hinders the downstream process. 2. Term frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF): TF-IDF is a technique based on a weighting mechanism that calculates the importance of words in a document or corpus. This technique measures the frequency of words and inverse document frequency of words across the documents [6]. 3. Word embedding: Word embedding is a technique with a dense vector representation that captures the semantic relationships between words. Word embedding is usually trained with a large corpus and produces a small number of feature dimensionality in comparison to a bag-of-words or TF-IDF. In this study, the TF-IDF technique is used to extract feature vectors. Two factors are measured, which are frequency (TF) and inverse document frequency (IDF). TF measures how many times the term appears in the document while the IDF indicates the scarcity of words across the documents. Formulas to calculate TF is given in Eq. (1) while Eq. (2) shows the IDF formula. (1)  
   
  tf i,j= ni,j  
   
  k ni,j  
   
    
   
  N idf (w) = log df i  
   
   (2)  
   
  where tf is term frequency for word, i in document j divided by the total number of words in that document, k.  
   
  A Feature-Based Optimization Approach for Fake News Detection  
   
  131  
   
  The TF-IDF on the other hand, is calculated by multiplying the term frequency (TF) by the inverse document frequency (IDF). The vector space produces by using TF-IDF illustrates the importance of the term in the document or corpus. Words with high TF-IDF weights are more important than ones with low TF-IDF weights [6].   N (3) wi,j = tf i,j ∗ log df i The vector space generated by TF-IDF is later used by the machine learning model to detect fake news. In this study, sklearn has been used and the example below shows the output of feature extraction using the TF-IDF technique. 3.4 Phase IV Feature Selection and Clustering Feature selection is an essential process in fake news detection that involves identifying and selecting the most relevant features or attributes from a dataset that are likely to help distinguish between fake and genuine news. There are mainly three types of features that have been used by researchers for instance features related to news content which are known as content-based features and context features that are associated with social interaction between users. Some researchers also have proposed the integration of both types of features for a more reliable diffusion networks model. In this study, contentbased features that rely on the TF-IDF technique are used to obtain the feature vectors. Figure 2 shows the feature vector space generated by using TF-IDF. The feature is denoted by F which consists of a set of features {f 1 , f 2 , f 3 , f 4 …. f n } where n is the number of features for each document, Doc = {Doc1 , Doc2 , Doc3 …. DocN } where N is the number of documents in a dataset. However, TF-IDF generates a large sparse matrix, resulting in a high dimensionality feature space problem. Hence, this study presents a wrapper feature selection approach that used BBA_K-Means to determine the set of new informative features.  
   
  TF-IDF  
   
  Fig. 2. Feature space generated using the TF-IDF  
   
  This paper aims to automate the discovery of the number of clusters and their respective centroids using BBA. The following section describes the K-Means clustering and BBA proposed in this study. Binary Bat Algorithm (BBA). BBA is a meta-heuristic technique that is inspired by the behaviors of bats. This technique used the echo property of bats as a medium of communication in determining its prey [7–9]. Generally, BBA involves four phases as given below:  
   
  132  
   
  F. K. Ahmad et al.  
   
  i. Initialization: At first, the population of bats, x i is determined using a random number in obtaining the optimal solution for D space features. This solution is then evaluated by using Eq. (4). xij = xmin + ϕ(xmax − xmin )  
   
  (4)  
   
  where x min and x max represent minimum and maximum margins for dimensional space of j in which j = 1, 2…. D, and population number of BA, i = 1,2,3, …. N. In this equation, ϕ value is set from [0,1]. ii. Updating Frequency (f), Velocity (v), and New Solution (xi ): Later, the formulas below are used to update the location (position) of xi and velocity vi of a bat in a d-dimensional search space: fi = fmin + (fmax − fmin )β,  
   
  (5)  
   
    vit = vit−1 + xit−1 − x∗ fi  
   
  (6)  
   
  xit = xit−1 + vit ,  
   
  (7)  
   
  iii. Updating r and A: In a nutshell, once a bat finds its prey, the A value decreases, while r increases. To imitate the mechanism, both A and r are updated using Eq. (8) and Eq. (9), At+1 = α Ati , i  
   
  (8)  
   
  rit+1 = ri0 [1 − exp(−γ t)]  
   
  (9)  
   
  where γ and α are constants; and α is the cooling aspect of a cooling schedule in a simulated annealing algorithm. iv. Evaluation, Saving, and Ranking Best Solutions: An evaluation procedure is employed to assess newly produced solutions for all bats after updating both A and r. The obtained solutions will be conditionally archived as the best solutions if they meet the specified requirement. All bats will then be ranked in determining the current top solution (x*). K-Means Clustering. K-means clustering is a technique that divides a dataset into k clusters/groups. This unsupervised learning algorithm attempts to group data points based on the sum of squared deviations between each data point and assigned centroid. Data points that are near centroid will be grouped in similar groups. Given below are the steps involved in the k-means clustering algorithm: Step  
   
  Description  
   
  Step 1 Initialization: Initial centroid will be selected randomly Step 2 Assignment: The Euclidean distance is used in determining data points that are the nearest to the centroid (continued)  
   
  A Feature-Based Optimization Approach for Fake News Detection  
   
  133  
   
  (continued) Step  
   
  Description  
   
  Step 3 Recalculation: Recalculate the mean of all data points to assure all data points are assigned to the respective centroid Step 4 Repetition of Step 2 and Step 3 until convergence occurred: Reallocating data points to their nearest centroid and recalculate the centroids until no data point changes its assigned cluster Step 5 The final k centroids and the cluster assignments for each data point are determined  
   
  The k-means algorithm intends to reduce the within-cluster sum of squares, by measuring the distance between the data points to their assigned centroids. Data points that are close to assigned centroids will be grouped in the same cluster. In this study, we have used the elbow method or silhouette in determining the number of clusters, k.  
   
  4 Experimental Results and Discussion The parameters for the proposed BBA in this study are set as follows, where values of A = 0.5; r = 0.5, α = 0.9, and γ = 0.9. Meanwhile, the parameters for the SSO algorithm are set as given in Table 3. These values are given based on the suggestion of previous works that confirmed it could offer promising results. The iteration values of BBA are set max to 30 iterations and the evaluation is done by measuring an average of Precision (PR), Recall (R), F-measure (F), and Accuracy (ACC). Table 3. Parameters setting for SSO algorithm. Parameter  
   
  Value  
   
  Number of spiders  
   
  10  
   
  Dimension  
   
  9  
   
  Upper bound  
   
  50  
   
  Lower bound  
   
  0.01  
   
  Number of iterations  
   
  30  
   
  Based on the proposed method, several terms have been discovered to be prominent in PHEME dataset. To visualize these words, this study has used word clouds or tag clouds as a method of graphical representations to determine word frequency. Words with larger visuals indicate a significant prominence that has been repeatedly discovered in a source text. The figures below illustrate the words that are more common in Charlie Hebdo and Sydney Siege events (Fig. 3). In this study comparison using different evaluation metrics on five events of PHEME dataset has been conducted as given in Table 4. The experimental results have shown that BBA has a better performance in comparison to SSO in terms of F measure, Precision,  
   
  134  
   
  F. K. Ahmad et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. Words cloud for Charlie Hebdo and Sydney Siege events.  
   
  and Recall for all events except for Ferguson shooting data. This is mainly due to the unbalanced dataset in Ferguson shooting data with 24.8% and 75.2% of data reported in non-rumors and rumors respectively (Figs. 4 and 5). Table 4. Comparison of different evaluation metrics on five events in PHEME data. Events  
   
  FAvg  
   
  PRAvg  
   
  RAvg  
   
  BBA  
   
  SSO  
   
  BBA  
   
  SSO  
   
  BBA  
   
  SSO  
   
  Charlie Hebdo  
   
  0.337  
   
  0.220  
   
  0.551  
   
  0.443  
   
  0.421  
   
  0.325  
   
  Sydney siege  
   
  0.524  
   
  0.487  
   
  0.657  
   
  0.547  
   
  0.524  
   
  0.478  
   
  Ottawa shooting  
   
  0.654  
   
  0.613  
   
  0.758  
   
  0.687  
   
  0.776  
   
  0.689  
   
  Ferguson shooting  
   
  0.201  
   
  0.211  
   
  0.356  
   
  0.388  
   
  0.321  
   
  0.257  
   
  Germanwings plane crash  
   
  0.711  
   
  0.689  
   
  0.778  
   
  0.697  
   
  0.879  
   
  0.743  
   
  Distribuon of PHEME dataset  
   
  Germanwings plane crash Ferguson shoong Oawa shoong Sydney siege Charlie Hebdo 0  
   
  20  
   
  Non-rumors%  
   
  40  
   
  60  
   
  Rumors%  
   
  Fig. 4. Distribution of PHEME dataset.  
   
  80  
   
  100  
   
  A Feature-Based Optimization Approach for Fake News Detection  
   
  135  
   
  Fig. 5. The average accuracy of BBA and SSO on K-Mean clustering on Charlie Hebdo event.  
   
  In terms of average accuracy, the BBA has outperformed the SSO algorithm when trained with K-Means clustering as depicted in the figure above. BBA has achieved 80% of average accuracy whereas SSO has obtained 70% of average accuracy when tested on PHEME dataset. Although both algorithms have a novel optimization strategy, BBA has a better convergence rate than SSO with an increment of 10% of average accuracy.  
   
  5 Conclusion and Future Works Social networks for instance Twitter offer useful social services to enable family members, family, and colleagues to stay connected and obtain quick information. However, the spread of false information, such as fake news created poses a growing threat among users which leads to a tremendous negative impact on people’s lives and society. Therefore, it is crucial to identify fake news to ensure the dissemination of accurate and true information. To solve this issue, a novel method for detecting fake news using Twitter data is put forth in this research. The Binary Bat Algorithm (BBA) is suggested as a solution to problems with high-dimensional feature space brought on by a significant amount of Twitter data. In this study, BBA and SSO have trained with K-Means clustering on PHEME dataset. The data is tested o using the average of Precision (PR), Recall (R), F-measure (F), and Accuracy (ACC). The results show that the BBA algorithm outperforms the Social Spider Optimization (SSO) algorithm. Thus, BBA is a promising solution for solving high-dimensionality feature space in fake news Twitter data. For future works, an improved BBA will be developed and trained with other metaheuristic algorithms to extensively compare the performance of the proposed technique.  
   
  136  
   
  F. K. Ahmad et al.  
   
  Acknowledgment. This research was supported by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) of Malaysia through Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (FRGS/1/2020/ICT02/UUM/02/3).  
   
  References 1. Shu, K., Sliva, A., Wang, S., Tang, J., Liu, H.: Fake news detection on social media. ACM SIGKDD Explorations Newsl 19, 22–36 (2017) 2. Mishra, S., Shukla, P. Agarwal, R.: Analysing machine learning enabled fake news detection techniques for diversified datasets. In: Hashmi, M.F., (ed) Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing, pp. 1–18 (2022) 3. Hussein, A., Ahmad, F.K., Kamaruddin, S.S.: Content-social based features for fake news detection model from twitter. Int. J. Adv. Trends Comput. Sci. Eng. 8, 2806–2810 (2019) 4. Hussein, A., Ahmad, F.K., Kamaruddin, S.S.: Cluster analysis on Covid-19 outbreak sentiments from twitter data using K-means algorithm. J. Syst. Manage. Sci. 11(4), 167–189 (2021) 5. Monshizadeh, M., Khatri, V., Kantola, R., Yan, Z.: A deep density based and self-determining clustering approach to label unknown traffic. J. Netw. Comput. Appl. 207, 103513 (2022) 6. Ahuja, R., Chug, A., Kohli, S., Gupta, S., Ahuja, P.: The impact of features extraction on the sentiment analysis. Procedia Comput. Sci. 152, 341–348 (2019) 7. Yang, X.-S.: Nature-Inspired Computation and Swarm Intelligence: Algorithms, Theory and Applications. Academic Press, Cambridge (2020) 8. Yang, X.S., He, X.: Bat algorithm: literature review and applications. Int. J. Bio-Inspired Comput. 5, 141 (2013) 9. AL-Dyani, W.Z., Ahmad, F.K., Kamaruddin, S.S.: A survey on event detection models for text data streams. J. Comput. Sci. 16(7), 916–935 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3844/jcssp.2020. 916.935  
   
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study Abdullah Habberrih  
   
  and Mustafa Ali Abuzaraida(B)  
   
  Computer Science Department, Faculty of Information Technology, Misurata University, Misurata, Libya {m09181037,abuzaraida}@it.misuratau.edu.ly  
   
  Abstract. Arabic people use Arabic dialects on social media platforms to express their opinions and connect. Due to the absence of standard rules or grammar, Arabic dialects are more challenging for NLP tools to analyze than standard Arabic. While most review studies in this field have focused on highly indexed databases such as Scopus, Web of Science, and IEEE, these databases are not accessible to many Arabic researchers in Arabic countries due to financial constraints. This review study explores recent research and studies published in different databases to address this gap. The study identifies the most common sentiment analysis approaches, preprocessing and feature extraction techniques, and classification and evaluation techniques used in this field. The authors found that Twitter is the most commonly utilized source for researchers to collect their datasets, and machine learning approaches are the most commonly used for sentiment analysis in Arabic dialects. Overall, this study provides valuable insights into the challenges and opportunities for sentiment analysis in Arabic dialects. Keywords: Sentiment Analysis · Arabic Language · Arabic Dialects · Machine Learning · Classification  
   
  1 Introduction The rise in social media platforms for expressing opinions on diverse products and topics [1] has generated the need for analyzing textual data. Researchers have turned to Natural Language Processing (NLP) methods to analyze the attitudes and opinions of people [2, 3]. Sentiment Analysis (SA) is an NLP method that enables machines to comprehend and evaluate sentiments expressed in a text. Texts are classified into positive, negative, and neutral categories, although some classifications may also include strongly negative and strongly positive sentiments [1, 4]. Nowadays, SA is considered an important field due to its applications in many domains, such as Decision-making support, finance, politics, predicting elections, and the Business [5]. According to [3], Arabic is considered the fifth most spoken language in the world. There are three variations of the Arabic language, including Classical Arabic (CA), Modern Standard Arabic (MSA), and Dialectal Arabic (DA) [2]. CA is used to write the holy book of Islam (Quran), while MSA is employed in politics, journalism, books, © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 137–153, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_11  
   
  138  
   
  A. Habberrih and M. A. Abuzaraida  
   
  and education, whereas DA is an informal version of Arabic [2]. DA is used in daily life for communication. DA is different from country to country and even from city to city. However, there are six popular types of dialectal Arabic, namely Maghrebi, spoken in northern Africa, Khaliji spoken in the Arab Gulf area, Shami spoken in Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, and Syria, Egyptian spoken in Egypt, Sudanese, and Iraqi spoken in Sudan and Iraq [4]. The Arabic language poses several challenges in SA, are addressed in [6, 11] and a study that focused on Saudi dialects, as described in [7, 10, 20]. One of the key complexities in dealing with dialectical Arabic is the absence of standard rules or grammar. Regarding sentence structure and morphology, Arabic sentences can start with a noun phrase, verb, or nominal phrase. Moreover, Arabic exhibits numerous syntactic variations within all sentence types. Additionally, dialect natives may express their opinions using different dialects and slang words and abbreviations. Furthermore, repetition of letters may be used to show emotion and emphasis, leading to spelling errors. Many Arabic individuals use DA to convey their opinions on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook. Consequently, many researchers have focused on studying DA rather than MSA [8, 20]. The main objective of this study is to examine the most notable research conducted on DA and emphasize the available datasets, common preprocessing techniques, and Machine Learning (ML) approaches commonly used to classify DA sentiment.  
   
  2 Methodology This study conducts a comprehensive survey for the previous studies in Arabic dialect sentiment analysis. Here, the techniques used by the past studies in each phase of processing the Arabic sentences are highlighted. These phases are listed: Arabic dialect datasets, preprocess, feature extraction, and classification techniques. The search strategy of this study is explained in Sect. 2.1. 2.1 Search Strategy Many recent studies have been carried out to present a systematic review in this field, as evidenced by the works of [2, 4, 7, 9]. However, these studies have exclusively employed highly indexed databases such as Scopus, Web of Science, and IEEE. Notably, publishing in these indexed databases is not preferred for many Arabic researchers in Arabic countries, mainly due to financial constraints. The primary reason for this reluctance is the lack of financial support, discouraging researchers from investing heavily in publication costs. Consequently, many researchers publish their work in local or non-indexed journals, even if their papers represent high-quality research. Against this backdrop, this study aims to conduct a comprehensive survey to review as many studies as possible instead of solely focusing on limited databases. The scope of this study is limited to cover the ML and Hybrid approaches of SA.  
   
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study  
   
  139  
   
  2.2 Arabic Dialect Datasets The lack of accessible Arabic datasets on the internet has compelled several researchers to gather data independently from social media platforms to advance their research. Notwithstanding the significance of the Arabic language, it is deemed one of the languages that exhibit deficient content on the internet, with few web pages specifically devoted to Arabic reviews. Consequently, researchers have been encouraged to adopt Twitter as the principal source for acquiring vast amounts of data, as it offers a search application programming interface (API) that facilitates the retrieval of tweets in the desired language [10, 11, 15]. A study introduced a dataset called Corpus of Iraqi Arabic Dialect (CIAD) [13], comprising 1170 tweets. This dataset has been made publicly available on the GitHub platform and aims to facilitate the identification of hate speech from non-hate speech. Similarly, the study [14] built a Multi-Dialect Arabic Sentiment Twitter Dataset (MDArSenTD) from Twitter collected from 12 Arab countries, focusing on the dialects spoken in Egypt and the United Arab Emirates. They explored the discussed topics and dialectical differences and expressed sentiments between tweets from both countries. Additionally, various researchers compiled several Arabic datasets, as documented in [27, 30–35, 47], manually and publicly shared. Among these resources, [31] presented a comprehensive Arabic multi-domain corpus for sentiment analysis, comprising 33,000 annotated reviews from websites covering diverse domains such as hotels, products, movies, and restaurants. Furthermore, the authors created multi-domain lexicons from these datasets. The study [32] constructed a corpus of 2000 labeled tweets on politics and arts, written in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA) and Jordanian dialect. The study [33] introduced the Opinion Corpus for Arabic (OCA), which includes 500 movie reviews collected from multiple web pages and blogs. Another study [34] developed the Arabic Sentiment Tweets Dataset (ASTD), which contains approximately 10,000 tweets. Similarly, the study [35] proposed a Large-Scale Arabic Book Reviews Dataset (LSABR) comprising over 63,000 book reviews, each rated 1 to 5 stars. Finally, the study [30] utilized these publicly available datasets and data from [36] to create a new corpus consisting of 250,000 comments, 2000 of which were collected manually from Facebook pages in the Iraqi dialect. 2.3 Preprocessing and Feature Extraction Phases The preprocessing phase is crucial in SA as it enhances the data quality and improves the analysis’s overall performance. This phase can be carried out through various stages that depend on the language’s nature and the analysis objectives. Most social media text is unstructured or noisy due to a lack of standardization, spelling mistakes, missing punctuation, non-standard words, and repetitions. The preprocessing process mainly comprises three steps: normalization, stemming, and stop-words removal [15]. The Normalization step involves transforming text to achieve consistency and putting it in a standard form, while the stemming step aims to reduce words to their uninflected base forms [15]. Finally, the stop words removal step entails eliminating natural language words that (to), (until), (you), (of), and similar have little meaning, such as words [25].  
   
  140  
   
  A. Habberrih and M. A. Abuzaraida  
   
  After the preprocessing process, the next step is feature extraction, which involves identifying the most effective features for the sentiment analysis process and removing irrelevant, redundant, and noisy data. This step reduces the dimensionality of the feature space and the processing time, ultimately improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the analysis [17]. Feature frequency (FF), Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF), feature presence (FP), Word Embedding (WE), Part of Speech (POS), and N-grams methods are the most commonly used methods for the features extraction phase [16]. 2.4 Classification Techniques The process of SA can be achieved through three primary approaches: Lexicon-Based (LB), Machine Learning (ML), and Hybrid approaches. The Lexicon-Based approach can be divided into two techniques: Corpus-based and Dictionary-based. Lexicon-Based techniques analyze a sentiment lexicon, a compilation of words with corresponding positive, negative, or neutral polarity labels [20]. However, this approach is excluded from this study due to its structure which is completely different from the ML and Hybrid approaches. The ML approach involves the training of models on pre-labeled data, and it is categorized into three approaches: Supervised, Unsupervised, and Semi-supervised learning. The Supervised learning technique, also known as Classification or Regression, requires two subsets of data: a training set of labeled data and a testing set. The accuracy of this technique is dependent on the training set and the algorithm used. Unsupervised learning, also known as Clustering, is used for unlabeled data and aims to create clusters of data points, with similar points grouped in the same cluster and dissimilar points in different clusters. Semi-supervised techniques combine the advantages of both Supervised and Unsupervised techniques. The third approach used in SA is the Hybrid approach, which combines the Lexicon-Based and Machine Learning approaches [21]. Furthermore, a comparative study of some of the works invested in Arabic dialect sentiment analysis is presented in Table 1. Note that N/A means Not Available; DC: Data Cleaning; SWR: Stop-words removal; W2V: Word2Vec; NER: Named Entity Recognition; E: Evaluation; BR: Best Results; SR: Some Results.  
   
  3 Study Findings Due to the lack of Arabic text resources on the internet, researchers have used social media platforms to collect their datasets. According to [7], Twitter is the most commonly used platform for constructing datasets for Arabic dialects. This can be observed by performing this study, including the works [11, 13, 14, 23, 26, 32, 40, 42, 44, 45, 47, 49, 51, 52, 54]. Facebook and YouTube have also been used as other resources for some researchers to collect their corpora, as in [8, 27, 29, 30, 38, 43, 45, 46]. However, websites that contain reviews for restaurants, movies, hotels, and products could be preferred resources for researchers to accumulate their datasets. Moreover, Fig. 1 illustrates the most Arabic dialects sources used.  
   
  1. Tokenization, 2. DC, 3. SWR, 4. Normalization, 5. Stemming  
   
  1. DC, 2. SWR, 3. Normalization  
   
  1. Tokenization, 2. Data cleaning, 3. SWR 4. Normalization  
   
  1. DC 2. SWR, 3. Normalization, 4. Tokenization  
   
  [9] Emirati, About 216,000 comments, Instagram, Yes  
   
  [1] Libyan (Misurata sub-dialect), N/A. Manually with four poets. Yes  
   
  [30] Iraqi, 252000 comments, Facebook pages and six publicly datasets, Yes  
   
  [44] Tunisian, 204,097 items, 4 corpora & Twitter, Yes  
   
  [45] Sudanese, 1. Sudanese SWR, 2. Data 11,109 posts & tweets in two cleaning 3. corpora, Normalization Facebook, YouTube, & Twitter, Yes  
   
  Preprocessing Techniques  
   
  Ref, Dataset size, Source, Annotated (Yes/No)  
   
  WE, TF-IDF, & W2V (AraVec)  
   
  BOW, TF-IDF, & avgW2V  
   
  WE & Doc2Vec  
   
  N/A  
   
  TF-IDF  
   
  Feature-extraction Techniques  
   
  N/A. BR: ML with 68  
   
  E: Accuracy, Recall, F1-score, & Precision, BR: Ensemble Model with an accuracy of 80.88 on Unbalanced Dataset  
   
  Evaluations, Best Results (%)  
   
  ML & DL, 1. NB, 2. RF, 3. SVM, 4. LR, 5. RNN, 6. CNN, 7, CNN-LSTM, 8. MMA, 9. SCM  
   
  ML, DL, 1. Bi LSTM., 2. SVM, 3. DT, 4. NB, 5. CNN, 6. LSTM, 7. XGBoost  
   
  (continued)  
   
  N/A. BR: SCM + MMA with 92.25  
   
  E: Accuracy, Recall, & F-measure. BR: ML: NB and LR with above 84, DL: Bi-LSTM with above 88  
   
  ML, 1. LR, 2. DT, 3. SVM, 4. E: Precision, Recall, & NB F-measure. BR: SVM with 82  
   
  ML & DL, 1. LR, 2. SVM, 3. RF, 4. NB 5. Mazajak tool (CNN)  
   
  ML, 1. LR, 2. MNB, 3. SVM, 4. DT, 5. RF, 6. MLP, 7. AdaBoost, 8. GBoost 9. Ensemble Model  
   
  Classification Approach, Techniques  
   
  Table 1. Comparative study of some works invested in Arabic dialect sentiment analysis.  
   
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study 141  
   
  1. Subject detection. 2. Tokenization. 3. SWR  
   
  N/A  
   
  1. Tokenization, 2. Normalization  
   
  1. DC 2. SWR. 3. Tokenization  
   
  1. SWR, 2. Tokenization, 3. N-grams Stemming, 4. DC, 5. Normalization  
   
  1. DC, 2. Exaggerations removal, 3. Stemming 4. Tokenization  
   
  [46] Algerian, 50572 comments, Facebook, Yes  
   
  [47] Saudi, 20,000 tweets, Twitter, Yes  
   
  [14] multi-dialects, 14,400 tweets, Twitter, Yes  
   
  [13] Iraqi, 1170 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [26] Saudi, 5,500 tweets, Twitter, Yes  
   
  [29] Algerian, 15,407,910 messages, Facebook. Yes  
   
  ML, SVM  
   
  DL, 1. LSTM, 2. CNN  
   
  ML DL, 1. KNN, 2. LR, 3. SVM, 4. AdaBoost, 5. RF, 6. DT, 7. BERT, 8. LSTM, 9. CNN  
   
  Classification Approach, Techniques  
   
  BOW & Doc2vec  
   
  TF-IDF  
   
  E: Accuracy. BR: KNN + Stem with 59.22  
   
  E: Accuracy, F1-Measure, Precision, & Recall. BR: Lib-SVM with 78.1  
   
  E: Accuracy & F-measure, BR: LSTM with 70.0  
   
  N/A. BR: AraCust + SVM with 91.0  
   
  E: Error Rate, Accuracy, & F-measure. BR: LSTM + CNN with 85  
   
  E: Accuracy, Recall, & Precision. BR: Ara-BERT with 76.9  
   
  Evaluations, Best Results (%)  
   
  (continued)  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. NB, 3. LR, 4. E: F-measure & Accuracy. DT, 5. RF BR: LR + BOW with 78  
   
  ML, 1. KNN, 2. SVM, 3. NB  
   
  ML, 1. SMO, 2. Lib-SVM  
   
  Stem,W2V, N-grams, POS ML & DL, 1. Lib-SVM, 2. LSTM  
   
  TF & TF-IDF  
   
  WE & FT model  
   
  CV, TF-IDF, POS, & WE  
   
  1. DC, 2. SWR, 3. Normalization, 4. Tokenization  
   
  [27] Tunisian, About 26000 comments, Facebook, Yes  
   
  Feature-extraction Techniques  
   
  Preprocessing Techniques  
   
  Ref, Dataset size, Source, Annotated (Yes/No)  
   
  Table 1. (continued)  
   
  142 A. Habberrih and M. A. Abuzaraida  
   
  1. Tokenization 2. DC 3. SWR  
   
  1. Stemming. 2. Normalization. 3. DC  
   
  1. DC, 2. Tokenization, 3. Normalization  
   
  N/A  
   
  1. DC 2. SWR, 3. Normalization  
   
  1. DC, 2. Spelling mistakes, N-grams 3. Tokenization, 4. SWR 5. Stemming  
   
  [51] Sudanese,5456 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [52] MSA & Moroccan, 18,000 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [11] Saudi, 4,000 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [31] MSA & DA, 33,000 reviews, Different Reviewing Websites. Yes  
   
  [32] MSA & Jordanian, 2000 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [33] OCA, MSA & DA, 500 movie reviews, Different web pages & blogs. Yes  
   
  Unigram  
   
  TF-IDF & Delta TF-IDF  
   
  BOW & N-grams  
   
  BOW  
   
  N-gram  
   
  N/A  
   
  1. Tokenization 2. SWR 3. Stemming  
   
  [49] N/A, 22,550 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  Feature-extraction Techniques  
   
  Preprocessing Techniques  
   
  Ref, Dataset size, Source, Annotated (Yes/No)  
   
  Table 1. (continued)  
   
  E: F-measure. BR:SVM + BOW with 73  
   
  E: Precision & Accuracy. BR: LSTM 90.88  
   
  N/A. BR: Exp1: DT with 60.85, Exp2: DT with 83.5  
   
  E: Precision, Recall, & F-Measure BR: Exp1: NB with 99.8  
   
  Evaluations, Best Results (%)  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. NB  
   
  Hybrid, 1. SVM, 2. NB, 3. DT, 4. KNN  
   
  (continued)  
   
  N/A. BR: SVM with TF-IDF  
   
  E: Precision, Recall, Accuracy. BR: Exp1: SVM with 84.7 of accuracy, Exp2: SVM with 85  
   
  Hybrid, 1. Linear-SVM, 2. N/A. BR: Exp1: SVM with LR, 3. BNB, 4. KNN, 5. SGD 82.4, Exp2: SVM with 59.9  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. NB  
   
  ML & DL, 1. SVM, 2. CNN, 3. LSTM, 4. LR  
   
  ML, 1. DT, 2. NB  
   
  ML, 1. NB, 2. SVM  
   
  Classification Approach, Techniques  
   
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study 143  
   
  Preprocessing Techniques  
   
  N/A  
   
  1. Tokenization 2. Punctuation removal  
   
  DC  
   
  1. Egyptian SWR 2. DC  
   
  1. Tokenization, 2. Segmentation, 3. DC  
   
  1. Normalization 2. DC  
   
  1. Data cleaning, 2. Tokenization, 3. Normalization, 4. SWR  
   
  Ref, Dataset size, Source, Annotated (Yes/No)  
   
  [34] ASTD, Egyptian, about 10,000 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [35] LABR, MSA, With over 63,000 reviews, GoodReads, N/A  
   
  [38] TSAC, Tunisian, 17.000 comments, Facebook. Yes  
   
  [40] Egyptian, 1000 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [42] Kuwaiti, 340,000 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [43] Algerian, 49864 items, Facebook. Yes  
   
  [23] MAC, Moroccan, 18,000 tweets Twitter. Yes  
   
  WE & TF-IDF  
   
  W2V & TF-IDF  
   
  TF & N-grams  
   
  TF, N-grams  
   
  Doc2vec  
   
  TF-IDF & N-grams  
   
  N-grams  
   
  Feature-extraction Techniques  
   
  Table 1. (continued)  
   
  Hybrid, 1. SVM, 2. LR, 3. CNN, 4. LSTM  
   
  ML & DL, 1. SVM, 2.RNN (LSTM)  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. J48, 3. ADTREE, 4. Random Tree  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. NB  
   
  ML, 1. MLP, 2. NB, 3. SVM  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. BNB, 3. MNB  
   
  ML, 1. MNB, 2. BNB, 3. SVM, 4. SGD, 5. KNN  
   
  Classification Approach, Techniques  
   
  (continued)  
   
  N/A. BR: Exp1: LSTM, Exp2: CNN  
   
  E: Accuracy, Precision, Recall & F1 score. BR: SVM Accuracy of 86  
   
  E: Precision & Recall. BR: SVM with the precision of 76 and recall of 61  
   
  N/A. BR: SVM with an Accuracy of 72.6  
   
  E: Error rate, Precision & Recall. BR: MLP, SVM  
   
  E: Accuracy & F-measure. BR: Balanced: MNB, Unbalanced: SVM  
   
  E: Accuracy, F1 measure, BR: SVM, Accuracy of 69, F1-score of 62.6  
   
  Evaluations, Best Results (%)  
   
  144 A. Habberrih and M. A. Abuzaraida  
   
  1. DC 2. SWR 3. Tokenization 4. Normalization 5. Lemmatization  
   
  [18] Sudanese, 1,050 comments, Facebook. Yes  
   
  N/A  
   
  N-grams, TF & TF-IDF  
   
  1. Tokenization 2. Normalization  
   
  TF-IDF and N-grams  
   
  1. Data cleaning 2. Tokenization 3. Stemming 4. SWR  
   
  [55] SANA, Algerian, N/A. Newspapers. Yes  
   
  BOW & TF-IDF  
   
  [48] N/A 8,053 comments, YouTube. Yes  
   
  1. Data cleaning, 2. Tokenization, 3. Stemming, 4. SWR 5. Lemmatization  
   
  [54] MSTD, Moroccan, 35,000 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  N/A  
   
  TF–IDF  
   
  1. Data cleaning, 2. Tokenization, 3. Normalization  
   
  [8] Algerian, 65,125 comments, Facebook. Yes  
   
  Feature-extraction Techniques  
   
  [53] ASTD, RES Egyptian & 1- Tokenization 2. Multi-Dialect, N/A, Twitter Normalization 3. & restaurant reviews, N/A Lemmatization 4. SWR 5. De-Noising  
   
  Preprocessing Techniques  
   
  Ref, Dataset size, Source, Annotated (Yes/No)  
   
  Table 1. (continued)  
   
  E: Precision, Recall, Accuracy, & F-measure. BR: SVM with accuracy of 68.6  
   
  E:Precision, Recall, & Accuracy. BR: KNN  
   
  E: Accuracy. BR: LR & SVM  
   
  E: Precision & Recall. BR: CNN with Accuracy of 74.66  
   
  Evaluations, Best Results (%)  
   
  (continued)  
   
  ML, 1. KNN, 2.SVM-RBF, 3. E: Precision, Recall, & BNB F-measure BR: Exp3: SVM-RBF with 88.8 of f-measure  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. BNB, 3. DT, E: Accuracy, Precision, & 4. SGD, 5. LR, 6. RF, 7. MNB Recall. BR: Exp1: BNB with 82 for ASTD, Exp2: SVM with 87.7 for RES  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. NB  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. NB, 3. KNN  
   
  ML, 1. SVM, 2. KNN, 3. BNB, 4. LR, 5. DT, 6. RF, 7. XGBoost  
   
  DL & ML, 1. CNN, 2. SVM  
   
  Classification Approach, Techniques  
   
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study 145  
   
  1. DC 2. Tokenization 3. BOW & Binary weighting Normalization 4. SWR 5. Stemming  
   
  1. Tokenization 2. SWR 3. Stemming 4. DC  
   
  [22] MSAC, MSA & Moroccan, 2000 reviews, Hespress website, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. N/A  
   
  [41] MSA & Egyptian, 40,000 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  WE  
   
  WE, W2V  
   
  1. Tokenization 2. Normalization 3. Stemming 4. DC  
   
  [12] Tunisian, 44,000 comments Facebook. Yes  
   
  N/A  
   
  N/A  
   
  1. Data cleaning 2. Tokenization 3. SWR 4. Stemming  
   
  [10] Saudi, 10,445 tweets, Twitter. N/A  
   
  Feature-extraction Techniques  
   
  [19] Jordanian, 2,500 1. DC 2. Normalization reviews, Jordan website. Yes  
   
  Preprocessing Techniques  
   
  Ref, Dataset size, Source, Annotated (Yes/No)  
   
  Table 1. (continued)  
   
  DL, 1. CNN, 2. LSTM, 3. Bi-LSTM 4. CNN LSTM  
   
  ML, 1. NB, 2. SVM, 3. ME  
   
  DL, 1. CNN, 2. LSTM, 3. Bi-LSTM  
   
  Hybrid, 1. SVM, 2. NB, 3. RF, 4. KNN  
   
  ML, 1. NB, 2. RF, 3. KNN  
   
  Classification Approach, Techniques  
   
  (continued)  
   
  E: Accuracy, Precision, Recall, & F-Measure. BR: CNN with 99.65 accuracy  
   
  E: Precision, Accuracy, Recall, F-Measure. BR: Exp1: SVM with 82.5 of accuracy, Exp2: Ensemble classifier with 83.15  
   
  E: F-measure, Precision, & Recall. BR: Exp1: LSTM & Bi-LSTM with 87  
   
  E: Accuracy, Precision, Recall, & F-measure. BR: SVM with 92.3 accuracy  
   
  E: N/A. BR: RF  
   
  Evaluations, Best Results (%)  
   
  146 A. Habberrih and M. A. Abuzaraida  
   
  1. DC 2. SWR 3. Negations BOW  
   
  1. Tokenization 2. Normalization 3. SWR  
   
  1. DC 2. Tokenization 3. N-grams Normalization 4. SWR 5. Stemming 6. NER  
   
  1. DC 2. Normalization 3. Negations  
   
  [28] Jordanian, N/A. Facebook. N/A  
   
  [37] Algerian, 11,760 comments, Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter. Yes  
   
  [6] Jordanian, 3550 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [56] MSA & Egyptian, 2,111 tweets Two available datasets, N/A  
   
  N-grams & Sentiment Score  
   
  Word2Vec (Skip-gram & CBOW)  
   
  BOW & CV  
   
  1. DC2. Normalization 3. SWR  
   
  [24] Saudi, 15,000 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  Feature-extraction Techniques  
   
  Preprocessing Techniques  
   
  Ref, Dataset size, Source, Annotated (Yes/No)  
   
  Table 1. (continued)  
   
  E: Accuracy, Precision, Recall, & ROC. BR: SVM with 82.1 accuracy  
   
  E: Accuracy. BR: 1.ML: Exp1, Exp2, Exp4: SVM, Exp3: MNB 2.DL: Exp1, Exp2, Exp3: CNN Exp4: RNN  
   
  E: Accuracy. BR: SVM with 97.8  
   
  E: Accuracy, Precision, Recall, & F-Measure. BR: Exp2: SVM for STC company was 97  
   
  Evaluations, Best Results (%)  
   
  (continued)  
   
  Hybrid. 1. Ensemble SVM, 2. E: Accuracy, Precision, RF, 3. Ensemble with RF Recall & F-measure. BR: Exp1: Ensemble SVM with 90, Exp2: SVM with 90.4  
   
  ML. 1. SVM, 2. NB  
   
  ML & DL. 1. CNN, 2. SVM, 3. RNN, 4. BNB, 5. MNB, 6. GNB  
   
  Hybrid, 1. SVM, 2. KNN, 3. NB  
   
  Hybrid, 1. SVM, 2. DT, 3. MNB, 4. Popularity Scoring equation  
   
  Classification Approach, Techniques  
   
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study 147  
   
  Preprocessing Techniques  
   
  1. DC, 2. Normalization  
   
  1. DC, 2. Tokenization, 3. Normalization, 4. SWR  
   
  Ref, Dataset size, Source, Annotated (Yes/No)  
   
  [50] SDCT, Saudi, 32063 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  [39] Libyan, 16,730 tweets, Twitter. Yes  
   
  TF-IDF  
   
  Word2vec (CBOW)  
   
  Feature-extraction Techniques  
   
  Table 1. (continued)  
   
  E: Accuracy. BR: Bi-LSTM with 94  
   
  Evaluations, Best Results (%)  
   
  ML. 1. SVM, 2. LR, 3. NB, 4. E: Accuracy, Recall, KNN, 5. DT F-measure, & Precision. BR: Exp1: SVM with 80.67  
   
  ML & DL. 1. LSTM, 2. Bi-LSTM, 3. SVM  
   
  Classification Approach, Techniques  
   
  148 A. Habberrih and M. A. Abuzaraida  
   
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study  
   
  149  
   
  Fig. 1. Most Sources Used for Arabic Dialects.  
   
  According to [7], most research papers’ authors did not specify the dialect type. This study showed that most of the researchers have indeed provided such specifications. For instance, the dialect type was identified in [10, 11, 24, 26, 47, 50] as Saudi, in [12, 27, 38, 44] as Tunisian, in [9] as Emirati, in [8, 29, 37, 43, 46, 55] as Algerian, in [6, 19, 28, 32] as Jordanian, in [13, 30] as Iraqi, in [1, 39] as Libyan, in [15, 34, 40, 56] as Egyptian, in [18, 45, 51] as Sudanese, in [42] as Kuwaiti, and in [23, 52, 54] as Moroccan dialects. In addition, the Arabic dialect types identified in the explored studies are shown in Fig. 2.  
   
  Fig. 2. Arabic Dialect Types Identified in The Explored Papers  
   
  As previously discussed, preprocessing is an essential step in Arabic sentiment analysis and poses a challenge for Arabic dialects. Tokenization, stop-word removal, normalization, and stems are the most common preprocessing techniques employed in the literature reviewed in this paper, as evidenced by studies such as [1, 9, 11, 13, 14, 26, 27, 29, 30, 44–46, 49, 51, 52]. Furthermore, studies like [1, 13, 26, 27, 29, 30, 44, 45, 51, 52] have employed additional techniques such as punctuation removal, repeated character removal, emoji removal, number removal, diacritic removal, and URL removal. Researchers in the field have mostly relied on Arabic NLP tools to implement these techniques. Some studies implemented Lemmatization techniques such as [18, 39, 54] and Negations techniques like [56]. Moreover, the most widely used feature-extraction techniques in Arabic dialects are TF-IDF, N-grams, and BOW. Studies such as [9, 11, 13, 14, 26, 27, 29, 44, 45, 47, 51, 52] have employed these techniques in machine learning approaches. Also, the authors in [31] have implemented Delta TF-IDF and compared it with TF-IDF. They claimed that “this method promises to be more efficient than traditional TF-IDF.”  
   
  150  
   
  A. Habberrih and M. A. Abuzaraida  
   
  Other studies, such as [14, 27, 30, 45, 46], have used deep learning approaches and employed word embedding as a feature extraction technique. Furthermore, some studies, such as [27, 44, 45], have used Word2Vec, Average-Word2Vec, and CV techniques. However, only a few papers have used POS techniques, such as [14, 27], possibly because Arabic dialects lack standard rules or grammar compared to MSA or other languages. Various approaches have been employed in studies on Arabic sentiment analysis, as evidenced by the range of techniques used in previous studies such as [1, 9, 11, 13, 14, 26, 27, 29, 30, 44, 45, 47, 49, 51, 52]. Machine learning is the most commonly used approach, with Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Naive Bayes (NB) being the most frequently utilized algorithms, as noted by [29] and supported by the studies reviewed in this study. Other algorithms, such as Decision Tree (DT), Random Forest (RF), Logistic Regression (LR), GBoost, K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN), and Lib-SVM, have also been widely employed in various studies [1, 9, 26, 27, 29, 30, 44, 45, 51, 52]. Deep learning (DL) techniques, including Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), and Bi-LSTM, have also been employed in several studies [1, 9, 14, 27, 44–46, 52]. In contrast with doing the survey, only a few studies have employed Hybrid approaches, such as [19, 23, 24, 28, 31, 32, 56]. The performance metrics such as accuracy, recall, F1-score, precision, and error rate have been employed in many studies [1, 9, 11, 13, 14, 26, 27, 29, 30, 44, 47, 49, 51, 52].  
   
  4 Conclusion and Future Work Sentiment analysis is a significant application of NLP due to the rich source of information provided by textual data. However, developing NLP models and tools for Arabic dialects is challenging, given the limited written resources for many of these dialects. Unlike MSA, which has a rich corpus of written resources such as news articles, books, and academic papers, Arabic dialects often lack standard written forms and are primarily used in spoken communication. This study has investigated the studies that have been recently published and revealed that most researchers collect their datasets from Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube. Furthermore, studies were predominantly applied to dialects spoken in Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Iraq, Algeria, and Sudan, with fewer studies applied to Libyan, Syrian, and Yemeni dialects. Machine learning approaches were the most utilized in sentiment analysis of Arabic dialects, with the best results obtained using this approach—however, most papers employed Arabic NLP tools rather than building specific tools for the studied dialect. Future work will aim to build a sentiment analysis model and compare different machine learning classifiers for the Libyan dialect.  
   
  References 1. Abugharsa, A.: Sentiment analysis in poems in misurata sub-dialect--a sentiment detection in an Arabic Sub-dialect, arXiv Prepr. arXiv:2109.07203 (2021) 2. Alyami, S., Alhothali, A., Jamal, A.: Systematic literature review of Arabic aspect-based sentiment analysis. J. King Saud Univ. Inf. Sci. 34(9), 6524–6551 (2022)  
   
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study  
   
  151  
   
  3. Alshutayri, A.O.O., Atwell, E.: Exploring Twitter as a source of an Arabic dialect corpus. Int. J. Comput. Linguist. 8(2), 37–44 (2017) 4. Elnagar, A., Yagi, S., Nassif, A.B., Shahin, I., Salloum, S.A.: Sentiment analysis in dialectal Arabic: a systematic review. Adv. Mach. Learn. Technol. Appl. Proc. AMLTA 2021, 407–417 (2021) 5. Mehta, P., Pandya, S.: A review on sentiment analysis methodologies, practices and applications. Int. J. Sci. Technol. Res. 9(2), 601–609 (2020) 6. Atoum, J.O., Nouman, M.: Sentiment analysis of Arabic Jordanian dialect tweets, Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl., 10(2) (2019) 7. Al Shamsi, A.A., Abdallah, S.: A systematic review for sentiment analysis of arabic dialect texts researches. In: Proceedings of International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Intelligent Systems: ICETIS 2021, vol. 2, pp. 291–309 (2022) 8. Klouche, B.,. Benslimane, S.M., Mahammed, N.: Sentiment analysis of algerian dialect using a deep learning approach. In: Artificial Intelligence and Its Applications: Proceeding of the 2nd International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Its Applications 2022, pp. 122–131 (2021) 9. Al Shamsi, A.A., Abdallah, S.: Sentiment analysis of emirati dialect. Big Data Cogn. Comput. 6(2), 57 (2022) 10. Althagafi, A., Althobaiti, G., Alhakami, H., Alsubait, T.: Arabic tweets sentiment analysis about online learning during COVID-19 in Saudi Arabia. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 12(3) (2021) 11. Alwakid, G., Osman, T., Hughes-Roberts, T.: Challenges in sentiment analysis for Arabic social networks. Procedia Comput. Sci. 117, 89–100 (2017) 12. Masmoudi, A., Hamdi, J., Belguith, L.H.: Deep learning for sentiment analysis of Tunisian dialect. Comput. y Sist. 25(1), 129–148 (2021) 13. Alharbi, H.A.-J.M.M., H., Almukhtar, A.F., Alnawas, A.A.: Constructing Twitter Corpus of Iraqi Arabic Dialect (CIAD) For Sentiment Analysis. In: Hayqno-texniqecki vectnik infopmacionnyx texnologi, mexaniki i optiki, vol. 22, no. 2, pp. 308–316 (2022) 14. Baly, R., et al.: Comparative evaluation of sentiment analysis methods across Arabic dialects. Procedia Comput. Sci. 117, 266–273 (2017) 15. Shoukry, A., Rafea, A.: Preprocessing Egyptian dialect tweets for sentiment mining. Fourth Workshop Comput. Approach. Arabic-Script-based Lang. 2012, 47–56 (2012) 16. Haddi, E., Liu, X., Shi, Y.: The role of text preprocessing in sentiment analysis. Procedia Comput. Sci. 17, 26–32 (2013) 17. Sayed, A.A., Elgeldawi, E., Zaki, A.M., Galal, A.R.: Sentiment analysis for Arabic reviews using machine learning classification algorithms. In: 2020 International Conference on Innovative Trends in Communication and Computer Engineering (ITCE), pp. 56–63 (2020) 18. Heamida, I.S.A.M., Ahmed, E.L.S.A.E., Mohamed, M.N.E., Salih, A.: Applying sentiment analysis on Arabic comments in sudanese dialect. Int. J. Comput. Sci. Trends Technol. 8 (2020) 19. Al-Harbi, O.: Classifying sentiment of dialectal Arabic reviews: a semi-supervised approach. Int. Arab J. Inf. Technol. 16(6), 995–1002 (2019) 20. Alwakid, G.: Sentiment analysis of dialectical Arabic social media content using a hybrid linguistic-machine learning approach. Nottingham Trent University (United Kingdom) (2020) 21. Aurélien, G.: Hands-on machine learning with scikit-learn & TensorFlow, Geron Aurelien (2017) 22. Oussous A., Lahcen A.A., Belfkih, S.: Improving sentiment analysis of Moroccan tweets using ensemble learning, in Big Data, Cloud and Applications: Third International Conference, BDCA 2018, Kenitra, Morocco, April 4–5, 2018, Revised Selected Papers 3, 2018, pp. 91–104 (2018)  
   
  152  
   
  A. Habberrih and M. A. Abuzaraida  
   
  23. Garouani, M., Kharroubi, J.: MAC: an open and free Moroccan Arabic Corpus for sentiment analysis. In: Innovations in Smart Cities Applications Volume 5: The Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Smart City Applications, pp. 849–858 (2022) 24. Abdullah, B., Alosaimi, N., Almotiri, S.: Reputation measurement based on a hybrid sentiment analysis approach for Saudi telecom companies. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 12(6) (2021) 25. Birjali, M., Kasri, M., Beni-Hssane, A.: A comprehensive survey on sentiment analysis: approaches, challenges and trends. Knowl.-Based Syst. 226, 107134 (2021) 26. Al-Harbi, W.A., Emam, A.: Effect of Saudi dialect preprocessing on Arabic sentiment analysis. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Technol. 4(6), 91–99 (2015) 27. Mekki, A., Zribi, I., Ellouze, M., Belguith, L.H.: A Tunisian benchmark social media data set for COVID-19 sentiment analysis and sarcasm detection (2022) 28. Nahar, K.M.O., Jaradat, A., Atoum, M.S., Ibrahim, F.: Sentiment analysis and classification of arab jordanian Facebook comments for Jordanian telecom companies using lexicon-based approach and machine learning. Jordanian J. Comput. Inf. Technol., 6(3) (2020) 29. Guellil, I., Adeel, A., Azouaou, F., Hussain, A.: Sentialg: automated corpus annotation for Algerian sentiment analysis. In: Advances in Brain Inspired Cognitive Systems: 9th International Conference, BICS 2018, Xi’an, China, July 7–8, 2018, Proceedings 9, 2018, pp. 557–567 (2018) 30. Alnawas, A., Arici, N.: Sentiment analysis of Iraqi Arabic dialect on Facebook based on distributed representations of documents. ACM Trans. Asian Low-Resource Lang. Inf. Process. 18(3), 1–17 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1145/3278605 31. ElSahar, H., El-Beltagy, S.R.: Building large Arabic multi-domain resources for sentiment analysis. In: Gelbukh, A. (ed.) CICLing 2015. LNCS, vol. 9042, pp. 23–34. Springer, Cham (2015). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-18117-2_2 32. Abdulla, N.A., Ahmed, N.A., Shehab, M.A., Al-Ayyoub, M.: Arabic sentiment analysis: Lexicon-based and corpus-based. In: 2013 IEEE Jordan Conference on Applied Electrical Engineering and Computing Technologies (AEECT), pp. 1–6 (2013) 33. Rushdi-Saleh, M., Martín-Valdivia, M.T., Ureña-López, L.A., Perea-Ortega, J.M.: OCA: Opinion corpus for Arabic. J. Am. Soc. Inf. Sci. Technol. 62(10), 2045–2054 (2011) 34. Nabil, M., Aly, M., Atiya, A.: ASTD: Arabic sentiment tweets dataset. In: Proceedings of the 2015 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, 2015, pp. 2515– 2519 (2015) 35. Aly, M., Atiya, A.: LABR: a large scale Arabic book reviews dataset. In: Proceedings of the 51st Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 2: Short Papers), pp. 494–498 (2013) 36. Banea, C., Mihalcea, R., Wiebe, J.: Multilingual subjectivity: are more languages better?. In: Proceedings of the 23rd International Conference on Computational Linguistics (Coling 2010), pp. 28–36 (2010) 37. Mazari, A.C., Djeffal, A.: Sentiment analysis of Algerian dialect using machine learning and deep learning with Word2vec. Informatica 46(6) (2022).https://doi.org/10.31449/inf.v46i6. 3340 38. Mdhaffar, S., Bougares, F., Esteve, Y., Hadrich-Belguith, L.: Sentiment analysis of Tunisian dialects: linguistic resources and experiments. In: Third Arabic Natural Language Processing Workshop (WANLP), pp. 55–61 (2017) 39. Omar, A., Essgaer, M., Ahmed, K.M.S.: Using machine learning model to predict libyan telecom company customer satisfaction. In: 2022 International Conference on Engineering & MIS (ICEMIS), pp. 1–6 (2022) 40. Shoukry, A., Rafea, A.: Sentence-level Arabic sentiment analysis. In: 2012 International Conference on Collaboration Technologies and Systems (CTS), pp. 546–550 (2012) 41. Mohamed, S.M., Mohamed, E.H., Belal, M.A.: Polarity detection of dialectal arabic using deep learning models. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 12(11) (2021)  
   
  Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study  
   
  153  
   
  42. Ben Salamah, J., Elkhlifi, A.: Microblogging opinion mining approach for Kuwaiti dialect. In: The International Conference on Computing Technology and Information Management (ICCTIM), p. 388 (2014) 43. Abdelli, A., Guerrouf, F., Tibermacine, O., Abdelli, B.: Sentiment analysis of Arabic Algerian dialect using a supervised method. In: 2019 International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Advanced Computing Sciences (ISACS), pp. 1–6 (2019) 44. Jaballi, S., Zrigui, S., Sghaier, M.A., Berchech, D., Zrigui, M.: Sentiment analysis of tunisian users on social networks: overcoming the challenge of multilingual comments in the tunisian dialect. In: Computational Collective Intelligence: 14th International Conference, ICCCI 2022, Hammamet, Tunisia, September 28–30, 2022, Proceedings, 2022, pp. 176–192. (2022) 45. Mhamed, M., Sutcliffe, R., Sun, X., Feng, J., Almekhlafi, E., Retta, E.A.: A deep CNN architecture with novel pooling layer applied to two sudanese Arabic sentiment datasets. arXiv Prepr. arXiv2201.12664 (2022) 46. Bousmaha, K.Z., Hamadouche, K., Gourara, I., Hadrich, L.B.: DZ-OPINION: Algerian dialect opinion analysis model with deep learning techniques. Rev. d’Intelligence Artif. 36(6), 897 (2022) 47. Almuqren, L., Cristea, A.: AraCust: a Saudi telecom tweets corpus for sentiment analysis. PeerJ Comput. Sci. 7, e510 (2021) 48. Al-Tamimi, A.-K., Shatnawi, A., Bani-Issa, E.: Arabic sentiment analysis of YouTube comments. In: 2017 IEEE Jordan Conference on Applied Electrical Engineering and Computing Technologies (AEECT), pp. 1–6 (2017) 49. Duwairi R. M.: Sentiment analysis for dialectical Arabic. In: 2015 6th International Conference on Information and Communication Systems (ICICS), pp. 166–170 (2015) 50. . Alahmary, R.M., Al-Dossari, H.Z., Emam, A.Z.: Sentiment analysis of Saudi dialect using deep learning techniques. in 2019 International Conference on Electronics, Information, and Communication (ICEIC), 2019, pp. 1–6 (2019) 51. Abo M. E. M., Shah N. A. K., Balakrishnan V., Kamal M., Abdelaziz A., and Haruna K., Ssasda: subjectivity and sentiment analysis of Sudanese dialect Arabic. In: 2019 International Conference on Computer and Information Sciences (ICCIS), pp. 1–5 (2019) 52. Garouani, M., Kharroubi, J.: Towards a new lexicon-based features vector for sentiment analysis: application to Moroccan Arabic tweets. In: Advances in Information, Communication and Cybersecurity: Proceedings of ICI2C’21, pp. 67–76 (2022) 53. Hussein, A.H., Moawad, I.F., Badry, R.M.: Arabic sentiment analysis for multi-dialect text using machine learning techniques. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 12(12) (2021).https://doi. org/10.14569/IJACSA.2021.0121286 54. Mihi, S., Ait, B., El, I., Arezki, S., Laachfoubi, N.: MSTD: Moroccan sentiment twitter dataset”. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 11(10), 363–372 (2020) 55. Rahab, H., Zitouni, A., Djoudi, M.: SANA: sentiment analysis on newspapers comments in Algeria. J. King Saud Univ. Inf. Sci. 33(7), 899–907 (2021) 56. El-Naggar, N., El-Sonbaty, Y., Abou El-Nasr, M.: Sentiment analysis of modern standard Arabic and Egyptian dialectal Arabic tweets. In: 2017 Computing Conference, pp. 880–887 (2017)  
   
  Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends: A Bibliometric Analysis of E-Participation Through Social Media Hapini Awang1(B) , Nur Suhaili Mansor1 , Maslinda Mohd Nadzir1 , Osman Ghazali1 , Abderrahmane Benlahcene2 , Fadhilah Mat Yamin3 , Isyaku Uba Haruna1 , Shakiroh Khamis4 , and Abdulrazak F. Shahatha Al-Mashhadani5 1 Institute for Advanced and Smart Digital Opportunities, School of Computing, Universiti  
   
  Utara Malaysia, 06010 UUM Sintok Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 School of Government, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 UUM Sintok Kedah, Malaysia 3 School of Technology Management and Logistics, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 UUM Sintok Kedah, Malaysia 4 Faculty of Information and Communication Technology, Universiti Tuanku Abdul Rahman, 31900 Kampar, Perak, Malaysia 5 Faculty of Business, Sohar University, Sohar 311, Oman  
   
  Abstract. This study analyzed 287 articles on e-participation within social media, which were retrieved from the Scopus online databases as of 11 December 2022. The aim was to identify crucial areas and significant contributors within the field and recent research trends. The findings indicate that the trend of e-participation was slow to start, with researchers primarily from Western nations. The field still struggles to establish itself as an independent area of research, and identity-related issues are prevalent. In addition, the subject of e-participation through social media has received limited attention in the literature, with a focus on politicians’ groups and minimal consideration of government-driven initiatives. This study is among the first to analyze bibliometric trends in e-participation literature related to social media. It is revealed that the publication trends on e-participation did not portray any consistent increment over the years, although the adoption of ICT in public sectors is happening at a peak rate. The findings can guide future research in this area and underscore the importance of considering government-driven initiatives in e-participation research, as they play a critical role in shaping digital democracy. Nonetheless, it is essential to interpret these findings deliberately, as the dataset solely covers the Scopus database and may not comprehensively cover all available sources. Finally, the study serves as a basis for future investigations in the field of e-participation and social media. Keywords: E-Participation · Digital Society · Social Media · Digital Solutions  
   
  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 154–167, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_12  
   
  Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends  
   
  155  
   
  1 Introduction Electronic participation (E-Participation) refers to the process of using technology to encourage stakeholders’ involvement and interaction. Governments worldwide have adopted e-participation policies to promote citizens’ participation in public decisionmaking [1]. The importance of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in enabling citizen participation has grown significantly over the past few decades [2]. Moreover, e-participation is crucial in educating citizens about the complex decisionmaking process, enhancing their understanding and perception of the rationale behind a given policy. However, its implementation involves various complex aspects that impact the participation process beyond just technology capability or participation itself [3]. Existing research in this field has often focused on a single domain without considering its connections to other aspects [4]. In reality, while specific e-participation programs have shown significant effects, many of them have a low level of citizen involvement, and only a few have had a tangible impact on the decision-making process [5–9]. To improve citizens’ e-participation, governments are advised to move to where citizens gather most, such as social media, instead of expecting them to move to traditional government websites [10]. However, despite social media’s increasing popularity and extensive usage, little research has been conducted to encourage its users to participate in public decision-making [5, 11]. Although e-participation and social media have been analyzed regularly using various research methods, their literature analysis using bibliometrics is still relatively uncommon. This inadequacy leads to difficulties for future researchers in understanding research trends, identifying gaps, and proposing impactful studies. Hence, this article provides an overview of recent research trends in e-participation using bibliometric analysis techniques. It also seeks to evaluate the critical areas and significant applications of e-participation, particularly in social media.  
   
  2 Literature Review Social media platforms have created new opportunities for e-participation, enabling citizens to engage in public decision-making through ICT. This trend has attracted researchers in the Information Systems (IS) field to explore the area. To facilitate knowledge growth, bibliometric analysis can shed light on the extent of research on e-participation via social media, providing a better understanding of current trends and identifying available gaps for future research. In light of this, it was found that most studies on e-participation have focused on general concepts rather than social media as a tool for e-participation. Only 10% of the analyzed studies specifically addressed social media, indicating a need for further research in this area [12]. The definition of e-participation remains unsettled among academics [9], and it is often used interchangeably with synonyms like “engagement,” “involvement,” and “empowerment,” and occasionally with “political involvement.“ Consequently, this lack of agreement could hinder the growth and development of e-participation. E-participation was initially considered a sub-section of e-democracy aimed at encouraging representative democratic decision-making [13]. Nonetheless, e-participation is not limited to politics. In contrast to e-participation initiatives in the political context, there is a growing  
   
  156  
   
  H. Awang et al.  
   
  movement towards citizen-centric e-participation initiatives designed to involve citizens in policy-making processes [10]. These initiatives prioritize citizens’ needs and interests over those of politicians and governments. The objective is to provide more interactive and participatory platforms, motivating citizens to participate in policy-making processes [10]. E-participation is a growing area that uses digital innovations to enhance citizen involvement in shaping public policy, especially for achieving the 2030 Sustainable Development Plan [5]. To encourage citizen e-participation, engaging them where they are most active, such as on social media platforms rather than relying solely on traditional government websites, is essential. Social media platforms provide a new dimension to the e-participation field and offer significant ability for improving citizen involvement in policy-making processes at various levels [2, 10, 14]. Despite the extensive use of social media, there has been limited research on encouraging its users to engage in public decision-making [5, 11]. Recent literature summarized the study trend on e-participation through social media [5, 10, 15]. A key emphasis was also placed on the difficulties in promoting e-participation initiatives that prioritize citizens, specifically elevating their engagement and participation on these platforms [5, 11]. Social media platforms provide an opportunity to increase citizen participation in e-participation initiatives, but recent research indicates that they tend to be more informative than interactive [16]. Efforts are needed to create more interactive and engaging e-participation initiatives that provide citizens with opportunities to express their opinions and contribute to policy-making processes [5, 15, 17]. Overall, e-participation is a growing field that aims to increase citizen participation in policy-making processes through the use of digital technologies. While e-participation has historically been associated with e-democracy and political contexts, there is a growing movement towards citizen-centric e-participation initiatives that prioritize citizens’ needs and interests over those of politicians and governments. Efforts are needed to create more interactive and engaging e-participation initiatives that provide citizens with opportunities to express their opinions and contribute to policy-making processes. Therefore, bibliometric analysis is a good starting point for identifying recent trends and exploring future research directions. This can help increase the level of citizen engagement with the government in practice.  
   
  3 Methods To conduct the bibliometric analysis for this study, it followed the suggestion by [18] and modified it based on the recommendations by [19]. The method was systematic and followed a specific process, which can be replicated in future studies. The study used 287 articles to answer the research questions. It employed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) method to select articles from the Scopus database. The study used categorical inclusion and exclusion criteria, which are specified in Fig. 1. The criteria were based on the relevance of the articles to the research questions, the quality of the articles, and the publication date. The inclusion criteria included articles published in the last five years, written in English, and related  
   
  Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends  
   
  157  
   
  to the topic of interest. The exclusion criteria included articles not written in English, articles unrelated to the subject, and articles with low-quality scores.  
   
  Fig. 1. Flow diagram of the search strategy.  
   
  To search for relevant papers, five sets of keywords were applied in the Scopus database, as displayed in Fig. 1. The primary keyword used was a combination of “eparticipation”, “e-participation”, “e participation”, or “electronic participation” AND “social media”.  
   
  4 Results Through the implementation of bibliometric analysis, the study has derived outcomes related to document types, source types, language, subject area, research trends, keywords, authorship, and citations, which are explained in further detail in the following sections.  
   
  158  
   
  H. Awang et al.  
   
  4.1 Documents Profiles Table 1 illustrates the distribution of the various types of documents related to eparticipation and social media examined in the Scopus database. Conference papers were the most common document type, accounting for 48% of the total. Articles represented 29.27%, followed by book chapters at 11.15% and conference reviews at 8.36%. The remaining documents were in the form of reviews (1.05%), books (0.70%), and editorials (0.70%), respectively. Conference papers in this context refer to papers presented at conferences that may have been published as full journal articles [20]. Table 1. Document type. Document Type  
   
  Total Publications (TP)  
   
  Conference Paper  
   
  Percentage (%)  
   
  140  
   
  48.78%  
   
  Article  
   
  84  
   
  29.27%  
   
  Book Chapter  
   
  32  
   
  11.15%  
   
  Conference Review  
   
  24  
   
  8.36%  
   
  Review  
   
  3  
   
  1.05%  
   
  Book  
   
  2  
   
  0.70%  
   
  Editorial  
   
  2  
   
  Total  
   
  287  
   
  0.70% 100.00  
   
  Table 2 provides an overview of the source types related to e-participation, indicating that there are four types of sources. The most significant source type is conference proceedings, accounting for 39.37% of the total. Journals represent the succeeding greatest source type in e-participation research, comprising 31.36%, followed by book series at 20.56% and books at 8.71%. Table 2. Source type. Source Type  
   
  Total Publications (TP)  
   
  Conference Proceeding  
   
  Percentage (%)  
   
  113  
   
  39.37%  
   
  Journal  
   
  90  
   
  31.36%  
   
  Book Series  
   
  59  
   
  20.56%  
   
  Book  
   
  25  
   
  Total  
   
  287  
   
  8.71% 100.00  
   
  Table 3 shows the distribution of languages used in e-participation-related documents. English was the primary language for publication of most of the documents,  
   
  Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends  
   
  159  
   
  representing 98.61% of the total. The remaining 0.35% were published in Italian, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish, which were the least popular languages used in this study. Table 3. Languages Language  
   
  Total Publications (TP)*  
   
  English  
   
  Percentage (%)  
   
  284  
   
  98.61%  
   
  Italian  
   
  1  
   
  0.35%  
   
  Portuguese  
   
  1  
   
  0.35%  
   
  Russian  
   
  1  
   
  0.35%  
   
  Spanish  
   
  1  
   
  0.35%  
   
  Total  
   
  288  
   
  100.00  
   
  * One document was written in dual languages  
   
  Table 4 displays the 15 most productive journals in the e-participation field. The analysis revealed that the “Computer Science” category had the highest number of eparticipation-related documents, accounting for 284 (74.22%). This may be due to its listing in the Scopus database, which could have contributed to its high percentage compared to other listed sources. The “Social Science” category had the second-highest percentage of published e-participation documents, contributing up to 36.59% with a total of 105 documents. The remaining journals had published less than 100 documents, with the lowest on the list publishing only 49 articles as of the data search date. Table 4. Subject area. Subject Area  
   
  Total Publications (TP)  
   
  Percentage (%)  
   
  Computer Science  
   
  213  
   
  74.22%  
   
  Social Sciences  
   
  105  
   
  36.59%  
   
  Mathematics  
   
  49  
   
  17.07%  
   
  Business, Management and Accounting  
   
  39  
   
  13.59%  
   
  Decision Sciences  
   
  26  
   
  9.06%  
   
  Engineering  
   
  21  
   
  7.32%  
   
  Environmental Science  
   
  6  
   
  2.09%  
   
  Economics, Econometrics and Finance  
   
  5  
   
  1.74%  
   
  Arts and Humanities  
   
  4  
   
  1.39%  
   
  Energy  
   
  3  
   
  1.05% (continued)  
   
  160  
   
  H. Awang et al. Table 4. (continued)  
   
  Subject Area  
   
  Total Publications (TP)  
   
  Percentage (%)  
   
  Medicine  
   
  3  
   
  1.05%  
   
  Psychology  
   
  3  
   
  1.05%  
   
  Materials Science  
   
  1  
   
  0.35%  
   
  Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics  
   
  1  
   
  0.35%  
   
  4.2 Research Trends Figure 2 illustrates the publication trend of e-participation research between 2007 and 2022. Although publications related to e-participation date back to 2007, there was no significant increase in the number of publications until recent years. Between 2007 and 2010, there were no publications, and the trend fluctuated until 2013. However, since 2013, the graph demonstrates a gradual but steady rise in the number of publications, indicating a growing interest in e-participation. It is worth mentioning that the number of documents for 2022 is relatively low, despite this study being conducted in February 2023. Table 5 provides a breakdown of publications from 2007 to 2022. Table 5. Year of publication. Year  
   
  TP  
   
  NCP  
   
  TC  
   
  C/P  
   
  C/CP  
   
  h  
   
  2022  
   
  14  
   
  4.88%  
   
  3  
   
  200  
   
  14.29  
   
  66.67  
   
  2021  
   
  21  
   
  7.32%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2020  
   
  23  
   
  8.01%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2019  
   
  26  
   
  9.06%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2018  
   
  34  
   
  11.85%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2017  
   
  27  
   
  9.41%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2016  
   
  34  
   
  11.85%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2015  
   
  30  
   
  10.45%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2014  
   
  24  
   
  8.36%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2013  
   
  17  
   
  5.92%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2012  
   
  27  
   
  9.41%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2011  
   
  6  
   
  2.09%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2010  
   
  3  
   
  1.05%  
   
  0.00  
   
  2007  
   
  1  
   
  0.35%  
   
  0.00  
   
  Total  
   
  287  
   
  g  
   
  Notes: TP = total number of publications; NCP = number of cited publications; TC = total citations; C/P = average citations per publication; C/CP = average citations per cited publication  
   
  Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends  
   
  161  
   
  Fig. 2. Total publications and citations by year.  
   
  4.3 Citation Analysis Table 6 presents citation metrics for the collected documents from 2007 to 2022, encompassing the overall number of citations and average citations per year for all retrieved articles. As per the table, the 286 retrieved articles received 52,608.85 citations over 15 years (2007–2022), with an average of 12.08 citations annually. Table 6. Citations metrics. Metrics Papers  
   
  Data 286  
   
  Number of Citations  
   
  16  
   
  Years  
   
  15  
   
  Citations per Year  
   
  215.88  
   
  Citations per Paper  
   
  12.08  
   
  Cites_Author Authors_Paper  
   
  52608.85 2.53  
   
  h_index  
   
  26  
   
  g_index  
   
  53  
   
  Table 7 provides an overview of the citation metrics for the collected documents as of February 2007, including the total number of citations and the mean citations per year for all retrieved articles. As indicated, there were 8,600 citations reported from 1992 to 2007 for 286 obtained articles, with an average of 302.85 citations per year.  
   
  162  
   
  H. Awang et al.  
   
  The listed articles are related to social media and governance (which is very relevant to e-participation), and their names and affiliations are essential for readers to understand the backgrounds and expertise of the researchers who have contributed to the field. The top 5 highly cited articles cover a range of topics, including the impact of social media on corporate transparency [21], citizens’ engagement on local government’s Facebook sites [22], measuring participation in online political engagement [23], predicting changes in voting preferences using Twitter analytics [24], and factors influencing social media use in local governments [25]. Table 7 helps researchers spot the most dominant articles in the field and track the progress of research in this area. Table 7. Top five highly cited articles. No Authors  
   
  Title  
   
  Year  
   
  Cites Cites/Year  
   
  1  
   
  Bonsón et al. (2012)  
   
  Social media and corporate 2012 616 transparency in municipalities  
   
  11  
   
  2  
   
  Bonsón et al. (2015)  
   
  Citizens’ engagement on local 2015 297 governments’ Facebook sites. An empirical analysis: The impact of different media and content types in Western Europe  
   
  8  
   
  3  
   
  Gibson and Cantijoch (2013) Conceptualizing and measuring participation in the age of the internet: Is online political engagement really different to offline?  
   
  2013 217  
   
  10  
   
  4  
   
  Grover et al. (2019)  
   
  Polarization and acculturation in US Election 2016 outcomes–Can Twitter analytics predict changes in voting preferences?  
   
  2019 129  
   
  4  
   
  5  
   
  Guillamón et al. (2016)  
   
  Factors influencing social 2016 102 media use in local governments: The case of Italy and Spain  
   
  7  
   
  4.4 Keywords Table 8 presents the top 10 keywords used in e-participation research, their total number of publications, and their percentage. VOS viewer is used to create a visual map (see Fig. 3) with a minimum threshold of five occurrences to analyze the keywords. The results demonstrated that “E-Participation” was the most frequently used keyword, appearing in 167 publications, followed by “Social Media” (163) and “Social Networking (online)”  
   
  Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends  
   
  163  
   
  (102). These three keywords covered over half of the total publications. The table also highlights other commonly used keywords such as “Egovernment”, “Government Data Processing”, “Decision Making”, and “Public Policy.“ Overall, Table 8 helps researchers gain an understanding of the most frequent topics and themes in e-participation research. Table 8. Top ten keywords. Author Keywords  
   
  Total Publications (TP)  
   
  Percentage (%)  
   
  E-Participation  
   
  167  
   
  58.19%  
   
  Social Media  
   
  163  
   
  56.79%  
   
  Social Networking (online)  
   
  102  
   
  35.54%  
   
  E-Participation  
   
  40  
   
  13.94%  
   
  Government Data Processing  
   
  39  
   
  13.59%  
   
  Egovernment  
   
  36  
   
  12.54%  
   
  Decision Making  
   
  35  
   
  12.20%  
   
  EParticipation  
   
  28  
   
  9.76%  
   
  Public Policy  
   
  28  
   
  9.76%  
   
  Electronic Participation  
   
  21  
   
  7.32%  
   
  Figure 3 depicts a visualization map that demonstrates the connections among author keywords, citations by documents, and bibliographic coupling by authors. The varying colors, font sizes, and thickness of the connecting lines signify the strength of the relationships between the keywords. Keywords that share the same color are frequently listed together, indicating their close association and tendency to co-occur. For example, the diagram shows that E-Participation, Social Media, Social Networking (online), and Electronic Participation are highly related. Additionally, after excluding the core keyword (E-Participation) specified in the search query, the keywords with the highest occurrences are “Government Data Processing”, “E-government”, “Decision-Making”, “Public Policy”, and “Electronic Participation”. This figure is helpful for researchers to visualize the relationships between different keywords in the field of E-Participation research and to identify potential research topics or themes.  
   
  164  
   
  H. Awang et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. Network visualization map of the author keywords.  
   
  5 Discussion and Conclusion The study utilizes bibliometric analysis to identify the most researched topics and their relationships in e-participation through social media research from 2007 to 2022. The study presents twelve tables and a network visualization that includes document profiles, research trends, citation analysis and author keywords. All peer-reviewed journals available in the Scopus database that focus on e-participation in social media are reviewed. As a result, it is found that English is the dominant language in this research area, with approximately 98.70% of the retrieved documents written in this language. The trend also revealed that the literature on e-participation has not significantly increased over the years, despite the widespread adoption of ICT in public sectors. Although it has been researched for over 15 years, e-participation has faced challenges in establishing itself as an independent field, which calls for further research to strengthen it both theoretically and practically. Theoretically, the result of this study advanced the academic understanding of eparticipation. Several key discoveries have been made, including a declining trend in the number of authorships per document over time. Greece has reported the highest number of authors in this research domain, followed by Canada and Ireland as the primary contributing countries. Several other European countries have also supported scholarly works in this area. Another significant contribution of this study is that it identifies potential topics for future research by analyzing keywords with less frequent occurrences. The study fills a gap in the literature, as very little bibliometric analysis has been conducted to analyze e-participation in social media in the last decade. Therefore, this study has successfully updated and enriched the bibliometric literature, mainly since there has been a decline in e-participation in social media research since 2018. On the other hand, the practical impact of the study’s results on e-participation lies in its ability to guide policymakers and practitioners in designing and implementing more  
   
  Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends  
   
  165  
   
  tailored and effective e-participation initiatives. By identifying specific research areas and potential topics for further exploration, this study offers valuable direction to enhance citizen engagement, address challenges, and leverage the power of social media to foster meaningful and inclusive public participation in decision-making processes. In the long run, this will lead to more responsive and citizen-centric policies, greater transparency, and increased trust between governments and the public. However, the study has certain limitations, primarily because it only uses datasets from the Scopus database, focusing primarily on peer-reviewed publications. Thus, future research should also consider using various online databases such as Web of Science (WoS), Springer, and IEEE Xplore, among others, to obtain a more comprehensive range of scientific contributions. Next, to avoid subjective assessment by authors, the results of the bibliometric analysis should be compared with different methods. While the study provides valuable insights into e-participation in social media literature, it is still vital to further broaden the analysis’s scope and increase the reliability of the findings by exploring other databases and utilizing alternative methodologies, such as qualitative content analysis, systematic literature reviews, or meta-analysis. Furthermore, to build on this study, future researchers could highlight several important points extracted from the findings. For instance, Asian countries have not been thoroughly researched in terms of e-participation in social media, creating an opportunity for future research to explore how people in countries like Malaysia, with unique cultures, religions, nationalisms, and lifestyles, could influence e-participation. Investigating these unique characteristics could offer valuable insights into how e-participation can be tailored to specific cultural contexts. Overall, this study can provide useful information for researchers, practitioners, and policymakers to identify knowledge gaps, research opportunities, and potential collaborations in the field of e-participation in social media. Acknowledgment. This research was supported by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) of Malaysia through Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (FRGS/1/2022/ICT03/UUM/02/4).  
   
  References 1. United Nations: E-Government Survey. New York (2020) 2. Susha, I., Grönlund, Å.: EParticipation research: systematizing the field. Gov. Inf. Q. 29, 373–382 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.giq.2011.11.005 3. Mat Nawi, H., Sapiai, N.S., Ishak, F.M., Mustapha, WMBW, Arifin, N.B., Mohd Zawawi, T.M.Z.: A bibliometric analysis on e-participation. Int. J. Acad. Res. Bus. Soc. Sci. 11, 1201– 1215 (2021). https://doi.org/10.6007/ijarbss/v11-i9/10846 4. Yusuf, M., Muntasa, A., Agustiono, W., Anamisa, D.R., Syarief, M.: A novel conceptual model of e-participation using biometrics technologies. J. Phys. Conf. Ser. 1569(2), 022069 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1088/1742-6596/1569/2/022069 5. Alarabiat, A., Soares, D.S., Estevez, E.: Electronic participation with a special reference to social media - a literature review. In: Tambouris, E., Panagiotopoulos, P., Sæbø, Ø., Wimmer, M.A., Pardo, T.A., Charalabidis, Y., Soares, D.S., Janowski, T. (eds.) Electronic Participation: 8th IFIP WG 8.5 International Conference, ePart 2016, Guimarães, Portugal, September 5-8, 2016, Proceedings, pp. 41–52. Springer, Cham (2016). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-31945074-2_4  
   
  166  
   
  H. Awang et al.  
   
  6. Demirdoven, B., Cubuk, E.B.S., Karkin, N.: Establishing relational trust in e-participation: a systematic literature review to propose a model. In: ACM International Conference Proceeding Series, pp. 341–348 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1145/3428502.3428549 7. Charalabidis, Y., Loukis, E.N., Androutsopoulou, A., Karkaletsis, V., Triantafillou, A.: Passive crowdsourcing in government using social media. Transform. Gov.: People Process Policy 8, 283–308 (2014) 8. Charalabidis, Y., Loukis, E.N., Androutsopoulou, A., Karkaletsis, V., Triantafillou, A.: Passive crowdsourcing in government using social media. Transforming Government: People, Process and Policy 8(2), 283–308 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1108/TG-09-2013-0035 9. Rustad, E., Sæbø, Ø.: How, why and with whom do local politicians engage on Facebook? In: Wimmer, M.A., Tambouris, E., Macintosh, A. (eds.) ePart 2013. LNCS, vol. 8075, pp. 69–79. Springer, Heidelberg (2013). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-40346-0_7 10. Johannessen, M.R., Elvestad, E.: Participation in a new media landscape - a literature review of participation tools. In: CEUR Workshop Proceedings, pp. 27–35 (2021) 11. Hariguna, T., Rahardja, U., Aini, Q.: Nurfaizah: effect of social media activities to determinants public participate intention of e-government. Procedia Comput. Sci. 161, 233–241 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2019.11.119 12. Kahne, J., Bowyer, B.: Educating for democracy in a partisan age: confronting the challenges of motivated reasoning and misinformation. Am. Educ. Res. J. 54, 3–34 (2017). https://doi. org/10.3102/0002831216679817 13. Macintosh, A.: Characterizing e-participation in policy-making. In: Presented at the 37th Annual Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences (HICSS 2004) (2004) 14. Medaglia, R.: eParticipation research: moving characterization forward (2006–2011). Gov. Inf. Quarterly 29, 346–360 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.giq.2012.02.010 15. Dini, A.A., Øystein, S.: The current state of social media research for eParticipation in developing countries: a literature review. In: Presented at the 2016 49th Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences (HICSS) (2016) 16. Johannessen, M.R.: New vs old media a case study of political protest groups’ media use in a Norwegian municipality. Int. J. Public Inf. Syst. 11 (2015) 17. Tambouris, E., et al.: Eparticipation in Europe: Current State and Practical Recommendations, in EGovernment Success around the World: Cases, Empirical Studies, and Practical Recommendations (2013) 18. Moher, D., Liberati, A., Tetzlaff, J., Altman, D.: Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (2009) 19. Zakaria, R., Ahmi, A., Ahmad, A.H., Othman, Z.: Worldwide Melatonin Research: A Bibliometric Analysis of the Published Literature between 2015 and 2019, Chronobiology International (2020) 20. Ahmi, A., Elbardan, H., Ali, R.H.R.M.: Bibliometric analysis of published literature on industry 4.0. In: 2019 International Conference on Electronics, Information, and Communication (ICEIC) (pp. 1–6). IEEE (2019) 21. Bonsón, E., Torres, L., Royo, S., Flores, F.: Local e-government 2.0: Social media and corporate transparency in municipalities. Gov. Inf. Q. 29, 123–132 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.giq.2011.10.001 22. Bonsón, E., Royo, S., Ratkai, M.: Citizens’ engagement on local governments’ Facebook sites. an empirical analysis: the impact of different media and content types in Western Europe. Gov. Inf. Q. 32(1), 52–62 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.giq.2014.11.001 23. Gibson, R., Cantijoch, M.: Conceptualizing and measuring participation in the age of the internet: Is online political engagement really different to offline? J. Polit. 75, 701–716 (2013). https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022381613000431  
   
  Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends  
   
  167  
   
  24. Grover, P., Kar, A.K., Dwivedi, Y.K., Janssen, M.: Polarization and acculturation in US Election 2016 outcomes – Can Twitter analytics predict changes in voting preferences. Technol. Forecast. Soc. Change. 145, 438–460 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.techfore.2018.09.009 25. Guillamón, M.D., Ríos, A.M., Gesuele, B., Metallo, C.: Factors influencing social media use in local governments: the case of Italy and Spain. Gov. Inf. Q. 33, 460–471 (2016). https:// doi.org/10.1016/j.giq.2016.06.005  
   
  Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis on Addressing the Vanishing Gradient Issue in Deep Neural Networks for Text Data Shakirat Oluwatosin Haroon-Sulyman1(B) , Mohammed Ahmed Taiye2 Siti Sakira Kamaruddin3 , and Farzana Kabir Ahmad3  
   
  ,  
   
  1 Department of Information and Communication Science, Faculty of Communication and  
   
  Information Sciences, University of Ilorin, Ilorin 240003, Nigeria [email protected]  2 Department of Cultural Sciences, Faculty of Arts and Humanities, Linnaeus University, 351 95 Vaxjo, Sweden 3 School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. The feature to learn complex text representations enabled by Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) has revolutionized Natural Language Processing and several other fields. However, DNNs have not developed beyond all challenges. For instance, the vanishing gradient problem remains a major challenge. This challenge hinders the ability of the system to capture long-term dependencies in text data. This challenge limits the ability to understand context, implied meanings, semantics, and to represent intricate patterns in text. This study aims to address the prevalent vanishing gradient problem encountered in DNNs when dealing with text data. Text data’s inherent sparsity and heterogeneity exacerbate this issue, increasing computational complexities and processing time. To tackle this problem comprehensively, we will explore existing literature and conduct a bibliometric analysis to identify potential solutions. The findings will contribute to a comprehensive review of the existing literature and suggest effective strategies for mitigating the vanishing gradient problem in the context of NLP tasks. Ultimately, our study will pave the way for further advancements in this area of research. Keywords: Vanishing gradient · Text data · Natural Language Processing · Deep Neural Network  
   
  1 Introduction In recent years, the ability of Deep Neural Networks (DNN) to learn complex representations of data has brought significant attention to them. A crucial element for knowledge acquisition and information extraction in different applications is data representation. Consequently, understanding the efficacy of DNN is important in domains like speech recognition, computer vision, and Natural Language Processing (NLP) [2, 3]. However, the vanishing gradient problem is frequently encountered in DNNs, which often © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 168–181, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_13  
   
  Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis  
   
  169  
   
  impedes or hinders the training and learning process, resulting in computational complexities and time consumption of data processing [4]. More importantly, the vanishing gradient problem is commonly observed in gradient-based learning and extends beyond image datasets. It applies to various other data types, including text data. Despite the improved results in gradient-based learning for NLP methods, the vanishing gradient remains a challenge that has hindered the effective training of long-term dependencies, a common feature in unstructured texts [5]. Thus, NLP tasks such as text classification, sentiment analysis, question-answering, and text anomaly detection must investigate ways to overcome these issues by proffering possible solutions for better model performance [3]. It is noteworthy that text data holds a substantial amount of information. It is also believed that a significant portion (around 80–90 percent) of forthcoming data growth resides within unstructured text databases, potentially holding valuable patterns and trends [6]. Considering the paramount importance of text data, this research will primarily address the vanishing gradient problem, specifically in textual data. The sparsity and heterogeneous nature of text data influence the vanishing gradient problem encountered in DNNs. Textual information often exhibits sparsity, characterized by the abundance of zero or near-zero values, resulting in numerous inactive or uninformative features [7]. Consequently, during the backpropagation phase, gradients associated with these inactive features diminish rapidly, impeding effective weight updates and hindering learning [8]. Moreover, the heterogeneity of text data, stemming from its diverse vocabulary, sentence structures, and semantic variations, presents additional challenges [9]. Gradients exhibit significant variations across different text segments, introducing inconsistent propagation throughout the network and further aggravating the vanishing gradient problem. Inherent sparsity and heterogeneity of text data pose significant obstacles to gradientbased learning algorithms, undermining the convergence and training efficiency of DNNs. This study explores the vanishing gradient problem in DNN applicable to textual data by looking into the solutions proffered in literature. The study, therefore, seeks to answer the questions; What are the current state-of-the-art approaches and emerging trends to address the vanishing gradient challenge in DNNs for text data? This study adopts a different viewpoint by conducting a bibliometric analysis to examine the literature review using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) guideline. The aim is to explore the existing studies and their solutions to the vanishing gradient problem in deep neural networks. This article is organized into 5 sections as follows; The introductory section elaborates on the background, motivation, problem statement, and research questions of the study. Section 2 gives an overview of relevant and related studies; Sect. 3 discusses the study methods; Sect. 4 sheds light on study findings; Sect. 5 sheds light on future recommendations and conclusions.  
   
  170  
   
  S. O. Haroon-Sulyman et al.  
   
  2 Review of Related Literature 2.1 Algorithmic Features In recent times, researchers have examined the simultaneous use of models such as Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Long Short-term Memory (LSTM) [3], Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with Bidirectional Long Short-term Memory (BiLSTM) [10], Long Short-term Memory (LSTM) with Bidirectional Long Short-term Memory (BiLSTM) [11, 12] to mitigate text data vanishing gradient issues. CNNs commonly used in image data contain spatial features that, when combined with LSTM, are effective in handling sequential and temporal text data; this sometimes results in a potential model for the vanishing gradient. CNNs can extract local text features, while LSTMs capture contextual features and long-term dependencies. However, as much as this approach has shown promising results in research, its limitations still lie in unsuitability for large-scale datasets as it requires time and multiple network layers, leading to model complexity and lack of interpretability. [3] used CNN and LSTM for sentence classification, which is an NLP approach. The study observed that even though the model could learn longterm dependencies, their experiments show that the model performance is affected by dataset size, classifiers, and gradients vanishing. A similar study [10] used CNN and BiLSTM deep neural networks for a text sequence classification task. The model was able to extract semantics, which is an essential feature in long text sequences, though the delay was encountered in the processing time due to the sequential process in the BiLSTM architecture. Similarly, the sentiment analysis task was performed using deep networks. Authors observed that the proposed framework is prone to limitations in cases of imbalanced or text bias in capturing diversity [11]. To improve performance, especially in the case of imbalanced datasets, some studies used multiple embedding techniques in addition to the network layers. [13] proposed a model that combines CNN and LSTM with word2vec and GloVe word embedding representations for sentence-level classification. Their model was able to capture different various representations of word embedding in the input layer. The results showed that it outperformed the models with a single embedding technique though it is timeconsuming and may not be efficient for large datasets. Also, [14] proposed a model on CNN-LSTM with an attention mechanism, where the attention mechanism is useful to focus and capture relevant information. However, its use is dedicated to the specific study, which may not be suitable in all cases. Other algorithmic features that have been commonly used in research to mitigate the vanishing gradient problem is the combination of activation functions [15–24] such as Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU), sigmoid, tanh, and SoftMax function, which has been used to improve the deep learning training by involving them in one or more of the network layers. A commonly used activation function is ReLU which has been used in various NLP tasks [15–18, 25]. Studies show that its major challenge is the dying ReLU which causes neurons to stop learning and eventually die. 2.2 Regularization Technique This has been widely used as a means of mitigating the vanishing gradient challenge with techniques such as dropout [13, 26, 27], early stopping [13, 15, 28, 29], batch  
   
  Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis  
   
  171  
   
  normalization [18, 26, 30]. It is commonly used in the data training phase. [30] made use of dropout, batch normalization, and a fast gradient sign procedure to add noise to the training data and avoid overfitting. Specific regularization technique was also considered in the case of large datasets, such as adaptive batch normalization as used in [31] to adjust the dimensionality of the input data representations. Research shows that more than one regularization or normalization technique has been used together for improved performance. Overfitting and noise in data rather than the underlying pattern arising due to model complexity in using algorithmic features [17] can lead to poor model performance on unseen data, which can cause vanishing gradient issues. To prevent such, these regularization techniques adjust the model during training to avoid overfitting and improve the model. However, this method is quite complex and sensitive to hyperparameters which may be time-consuming and require more computational resources [32]. 2.3 Optimization Technique This set of techniques focuses on finding the model’s optimal parameters that minimize the loss function, such as gradient descent [22], weight clipping [33], stochastic gradient descent [25, 34, 35], Adam [36, 37]. Research shows that optimization techniques are combined with regularization and algorithmic features to speed up the process [3, 5, 29]. Stochastic Gradient Descent, used in [25] as an optimization technique to measure text novelty, improves the model’s ability to detect rare texts. However, hyperparameters and large datasets are likely to affect its performance. [36] used Adam Optimizer in their study on social media industry review detection, whose aim was to speed up the process.  
   
  3 Methods and Interpretation of Findings An extensive review of existing literature was carried out on the vanishing gradient in text data to identify specific methods used to handle the vanishing gradient issue of text data which was done using both the PRISMA and bibliometric analysis using VOS viewer. 3.1 Data Collection The data was collected using the search string; (TITLE-ABS-KEY (”Vanishing Gradient”) OR (”backpropagation”) AND (”text data”) from the Scopus database so as to get relevant recent studies on the search domain. Studies outside text data, such as image data, were not included. This is required to not digress from this study’s domain. The next section is detailed on the PRISMA and bibliometric analysis respectively. Step 1 The PRISMA analysis is a recognized framework for conducting and reporting systematic reviews and meta-analyses. It includes guidelines and a checklist to ensure reliability and transparency. The key steps involve defining the research question, conducting a thorough literature search, selecting relevant studies, extracting data, assessing study  
   
  172  
   
  S. O. Haroon-Sulyman et al.  
   
  quality, synthesizing data, and reporting results. This approach enhances the quality and reproducibility of these types of studies. To retrieve literature on gradient vanishing and text data. The search yielded 141 results which were all considered for the bibliometric analysis. However, 31 documents were found relevant after the screening process. Figure 1 shows the PRISMA flow search strategy depicted in this study.  
   
  Fig. 1. PRISMA flow diagram  
   
  Step 2 VOSviewer is a valuable tool for researchers in bibliometric analysis. It helps visualize and understand complex networks from scholarly literature and identify research trends and gaps, thereby making informed decisions regarding collaboration, resource allocation, and future research directions surrounding the DNN and vanishing gradient issue. Combining these analytical approaches aims to ensure quality information can be reproduced from the study. Furthermore, the Scopus database was chosen to gather relevant bibliographical data due to its functionality in generating a wide range of results.  
   
  Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis  
   
  173  
   
  Microsoft Excel was also used to collect data in structured form for a rigorous review of literature related to “vanishing gradients” and “text data.” This has enabled easy identification of patterns from the existing studies and suggests new ideas to overcome the challenges for further research. 3.2 Data Analysis Process This is important to achieve the aim of this study and guide further research. The data analysis includes literature selection, information extraction, information synthesis, and bibliometric analysis. Table 1 further shows the top 10 most cited documents related to DNN and their various NLP applications. It is observed that the most common NLP applications focus on short-text sentence tasks such as sentiment analysis and text classification. It also provided insights into the various techniques for handling the vanishing gradient problem. As a result, the information provided in the table should be valuable to researchers in this domain and serve as a reference point for future work. Table 1. Top 10 highly cited documents No  
   
  Author/Title  
   
  Task performed  
   
  Method  
   
  Number of current citations  
   
  1  
   
  Zhang, Z., Robinson, D., & Tepper, J. (2018). Hate Speech Detection Using a Convolution-LSTM Based Deep Neural Network  
   
  Proposed a model to enhance performance in DNN for hate speech detection  
   
  CNN-LSTM, Dropout  
   
  576  
   
  2  
   
  Hassan, A., & Mahmood, A. (2018). Convolutional Recurrent Deep Learning Model for Sentence Classification  
   
  Proposed a model to capture long-term dependencies in short texts efficiently  
   
  LSTM, Stochastic Gradient Descent  
   
  221  
   
  3  
   
  Pham, D. H., & Le, A. C. (2018). Learning multiple layers of knowledge representation for aspect-based sentiment analysis  
   
  To improve capturing of long-range dependencies and semantic information for sentiment analysis  
   
  CNN, LSTM, Stochastic Gradient Descent  
   
  107  
   
  (continued)  
   
  174  
   
  S. O. Haroon-Sulyman et al. Table 1. (continued)  
   
  No  
   
  Author/Title  
   
  4  
   
  Task performed  
   
  Method  
   
  Number of current citations  
   
  Plaza-del-Arco, F. M., To detect hate Molina-González, M. speech on social D., Ureña-López, L. media A., & Martín-Valdivia, M. T. (2021). Comparing pre-trained language models for Spanish hate speech detection  
   
  CNN, LSTM. BiLSTM, Early stopping  
   
  79  
   
  5  
   
  Sadiq, S., Mehmood, To detect A., Ullah, S., Ahmad, aggression on M., Choi, G. S., & Twitter On, B. W. (2021). Aggression detection through the deep neural model on Twitter  
   
  MLP, ReLU  
   
  77  
   
  6  
   
  Chandra, R., & Krishna, A. (2021). COVID-19 sentiment analysis via deep learning during the rise of novel cases  
   
  To explore the temporal nature of sentiments on covid-19  
   
  LSTM  
   
  62  
   
  7  
   
  Ma, Q., Yu, L., Tian, S., Chen, E., & Ng, W. W. (2019). Global-local mutual attention model for text classification. IEEE/ACM Transactions on Audio, Speech, and Language Processing, 27(12), 2127–2139  
   
  To capture both semantic features and long-term dependencies  
   
  CNN-BiLTSM, ReLU  
   
  31  
   
  8  
   
  Baccouche, A., Ahmed, S., Sierra-sosa, D., & Elmaghraby, A. (2020). Malicious Text Identification: Deep Learning from Public Comments and Emails  
   
  Proposed a model to identify malicious emails and comments  
   
  LSTM, Early stopping  
   
  28  
   
  (continued)  
   
  Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis  
   
  175  
   
  Table 1. (continued) No  
   
  Author/Title  
   
  Task performed  
   
  Method  
   
  Number of current citations  
   
  9  
   
  Nguyen, V. Q., Anh, T. N., & Yang, H. J. (2019). Real-time event detection using recurrent neural network in social sensors  
   
  Proposed a model to detect temporal occurrence and improve LSTM performance  
   
  CNN, LSTM, dropout  
   
  28  
   
  10  
   
  Khan, M. U., Javed, A. R., Ihsan, M., & Tariq, U. (2020). A novel category detection of social media reviews in the restaurant industry  
   
  Proposed a customer detection opinion model  
   
  CNN, BiLSTM, Adam  
   
  25  
   
  Table 1 provides a comprehensive overview of techniques and models used in various NLP tasks, highlighting ongoing efforts to improve accuracy and effectiveness across domains. Key trends include the integration of RNNs and CNNs, utilizing regularization techniques and optimization algorithms, and emphasis on capturing semantic information and considering temporal aspects. These trends reflect the continuous pursuit of improved performance by addressing challenges such as overfitting and capturing contextual and temporal nuances in NLP tasks. The VOS viewer visualization technique provides a clear understanding of the relationship between frequently occurring keywords and identifies research trends in the field. The process involves selecting a data file, creating a map based on the text, and applying a counting method. This study used the full counting method, and a controlled number of relevant terms were manually selected after verification. The threshold for word appearance was set to 12. As a result, 81 terms were used to generate clusters of terms. Some of the visualizations of these terms can be seen in the Figures.  
   
  176  
   
  S. O. Haroon-Sulyman et al.  
   
  Fig. 2. VOS viewer General visualization of literature analysis results  
   
  Figures 2, 3, 4 give insights into exploring the selected text data. The next section will discuss observations and trends obtained from this data. Cluster 1 centers on text data, classification, and sentiment analysis. It provides potential insights into methodologies for analyzing and classifying textual data and provides insights into exploring the performance evaluation, methodologies for exploring transfer learning, and experimental outcomes analyses within the dataset. Cluster 2 This cluster highlights deep learning, recurrent neural networks RNNs, and NLP. It offers insights into the practical application of deep learning models, RNN architectures, and NLP techniques relevant to the dataset.  
   
  4 Findings The clusters and their associated terms provide an overview of the various approaches and techniques employed in research to address the vanishing gradient issue in text data. It is, however, important to note that this review paper serves as only a starting point in the analysis of this challenge. There is a need for further research in terms of other domain–specific contextual analysis for a more explicit solution to the vanishing gradient issue in text data.  
   
  Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis  
   
  177  
   
  Fig. 3. VOS viewer Cluster one  
   
  5 Conclusion with Future Recommendation A significant challenge presented by the vanishing graduating problem is encountered while training DNNs for NLP tasks. This study, among others, examines how the diminishing gradients perform during backpropagation and how this performance hinders the learning process by impeding effective and regular updates of weight parameters. Some of the approaches explored throughout this review in a bid to mitigate the vanishing gradient challenge and its impact on text data, include but are not limited to regularization, optimization techniques, and algorithmic features. However, there’s a pressing need for further research to understand and solve this problem. For a more comprehensive understanding, easier reach of the solutions, and a broader perspective, it is crucial that more extensive analyses are conducted. These analyses will delve more into the understanding  
   
  178  
   
  S. O. Haroon-Sulyman et al.  
   
  Fig. 4. VOS viewer Cluster two  
   
  of the vanishing gradient issue in text data and will be able to provide more tailored solutions and approaches that can be taken to avoid the issue in DNNs. To better understand how these techniques can be effectively applied in DNNS for NLP tasks, researchers can and should examine a broader range of data tests. It is also recommended that future studies adopt a comparative approach by evaluating and comparing existing methods to solve the vanishing gradient problem and assessing their specific effects on text data. This comparative analysis will juxtapose different approaches and allow the researchers to see through their respective merits and demerits, thereby enabling researchers to make informed decisions regarding the most effective strategies for mitigating the vanishing gradient issue in text data. To further enhance our understanding of the datasets used in this study, it is recommended to explore additional explorative analyses. Deeper insights can be provided into the characteristics and patterns of the data through Techniques such as keyword extraction, phrase extraction, or text prediction. By employing advanced text mining approaches, researchers can better understand the relationships between the vanishing gradient problem and the text data. By conducting further investigations, employing advanced text mining techniques, and performing comparative analyses, researchers can make significant advancements in overcoming the challenges posed by the vanishing gradient problem. These efforts will ultimately contribute to improved performance and effectiveness of DNNs in NLP tasks.  
   
  Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis  
   
  179  
   
  References 1. Aldhyani, T.H.H., Al-Adhaileh, M.H., Alsubari, S.N.: Cyberbullying identification system based deep learning algorithms. Electronics 11(20), 3273 (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/ele ctronics11203273 2. Acharya, J., Basu, A.: Deep neural network for respiratory sound classification in wearable devices enabled by patient specific model tuning. IEEE Trans. Biomed. Circuits Syst. 14(3), 535–544 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1109/TBCAS.2020.2981172 3. Hassan, A., Mahmood, A.: Deep learning approach for sentiment analysis of short texts. In: The 3rd International Conference on Robotics, Automation, and Artificial Intelligence, ICCAR 2017, pp. 705–710 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCAR.2017.7942788 4. Sun, X., Zhang, C., Ding, S., Quan, C.: Detecting anomalous emotion through big data from social networks based on a deep learning method. Multimed. Tools Appl. 79(13–14), 9687 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11042-018-5665-6 5. Pham, D.H., Le, A.C.: Learning multiple layers of knowledge representation for aspect based sentiment analysis. Data Knowl. Eng. 114, 26–39 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.datak. 2017.06.001 6. Zainol, Z., Jaymes, M. T. H., Nohuddin, P. N. E.: VisualUrText: a text analytics tool for unstructured textual data. J. Phys. Conf. Ser. 1018(1) (2018). https://doi.org/10.1088/17426596/1018/1/012011 7. Li, A., Sun, J., Zeng X., Zhang, M., Li, H., Chen, Y.: FedMask: joint computation and communication-efficient personalized federated learning via heterogeneous masking. In: SenSys 2021 – Proceedings of 2021 19th ACM Embedded Networked Sensor Systems, pp. 42–55 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1145/3485730.3485929 8. Hoefler, T., Alistarh, D., Ben-Nun, T., Dryden, N., Peste, A.: Sparsity in deep learning: pruning and growth for efficient inference and training in neural networks. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 22, 1–124 (2021) 9. Kamaruddin, S.S., Yusof, Y., Bakar, N.A.A., Tayie, M.A., Alkubaisi, G.A.A.J.: Graph-based representation for sentence similarity measure: a comparative analysis. Int. J. Eng. Technol. 7(2), 32–35 (2018). https://doi.org/10.14419/ijet.v7i2.14.11149 10. Ma, Q., Yu, L., Tian, S., Chen, E., Ng, W.W.Y.: Global-local mutual attention model for text classification. IEEE/ACM Trans. Audio Speech Lang. Process. 27(12), 2127–2139 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1109/TASLP.2019.2942160 11. Chandra, R., Krishna, A.: COVID-19 sentiment analysis via deep learning during the rise of novel cases. PLoS ONE 16(8), 1–26 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0255615 12. Tarnate, K.J.M., Devaraj, M., De Goma, J.C.: Overcoming the vanishing gradient problem of recurrent neural networks in the ISO 9001 quality management audit reports classification. Int. J. Sci. Technol. Res. 9(3), 6683–6686 (2020) 13. Nguyen, V.Q., Anh, T.N., Yang, H.-J.: Real-time event detection using recurrent neural network in social sensors. Int. J. Distrib. Sens. Netw. 15(6), 155014771985649 (2019). https:// doi.org/10.1177/1550147719856492 14. Zhang, L.: The evaluation on the credit risk of enterprises with the CNN-LSTM-ATT model. Comput. Intell. Neurosci. 2022, 1–10 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1155/2022/6826573 15. Baccouche, A., Ahmed, S., Sierra-Sosa, D., Elmaghraby, A.: Malicious text identification: deep learning from public comments and emails. Information 11(6), 312 (2020). https://doi. org/10.3390/info11060312 16. Ghosal, T., Edithal, V., Ekbal, A., Bhattacharyya, P., Chivukula, S.S.S.K., Tsatsaronis, G.: Is your document novel? Let attention guide you. An attention-based model for document-level novelty detection. Natl. Lang. Eng. 27(4), 427–454 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1017/S13513 24920000194  
   
  180  
   
  S. O. Haroon-Sulyman et al.  
   
  17. Kamyab, M., Liu, G., Adjeisah, M.: Attention-based CNN and Bi-LSTM model based on TF-IDF and GloVe word embedding for sentiment analysis. Appl. Sci. 11(23) (2021). https:// doi.org/10.3390/app112311255 18. Khan, U., Khan, S., Rizwan, A., Atteia, G., Jamjoom, M.M., Samee, N.A.: Aggression detection in social media from textual data using deep learning models. Appl. Sci. 12(10), 5083 (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/app12105083 19. Kowsher, M., et al.: LSTM-ANN & BiLSTM-ANN: hybrid deep learning models for enhanced classification accuracy. Procedia Comput. Sci. 193, 131–140 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.procs.2021.10.013 20. Naseem, U., Razzak, I., Musial, K., Imran, M.: Transformer based deep intelligent contextual embedding for twitter sentiment analysis. Future Gener. Comput. Syst. 113, 58–69 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.future.2020.06.050 21. Rosa, R.L., et al.: Event detection system based on user behaviour changes in online social networks: Case of the covid-19 pandemic. IEEE Access 8, 158806–158825 (2020). https:// doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3020391 22. Sadiq, S., Mehmood, A., Ullah, S., Ahmad, M., Choi, G.S., On, B.W.: Aggression detection through deep neural model on Twitter. Futur. Gener. Comput. Syst. 114, 120–129 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.future.2020.07.050 23. Schulte, J.P., et al.: ELINAC: autoencoder approach for electronic invoices data clustering. Appl. Sci. 12(6) (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/app12063008 24. Ullah, W., Ullah, A., Hussain, T., Khan, Z.A., Baik, S.W.: An efficient anomaly recognition framework using an attention residual LSTM in surveillance videos. Sensors 21(8), 2811 (2021). https://doi.org/10.3390/s21082811 25. Bhattarai, B., Granmo, O.C., Jiao, L.: Measuring the novelty of natural language text using the conjunctive clauses of a Tsetlin machine text classifier. In: ICAART 2021 – Proceedings of 13th International Conference Agents Artificial Intelligence, vol. 2, pp. 410–417 (2020). https://doi.org/10.5220/0010382204100417 26. Thomas, J.G., Mudur, S.P., Shiri, N.: Detecting anomalous behaviour from textual content in financial records. In: Proceedings of 2019 IEEE/WIC/ACM International Conference of Web Intelligence WI 2019, pp. 373–377 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1145/3350546.3352550 27. Zhang, Z., Robinson, D., Tepper, J.: Hate speech detection using a convolution-LSTM based deep neural network. In: Proceedings of ACM Web Conference (WWW 2018), pp. 1–10 (2018) 28. Kumari, R., Ashok, N., Ghosal, T., Ekbal, A.: Misinformation detection using multitask learning with mutual learning for novelty detection and emotion recognition. Inf. Process. Manag. 58(5), 102631 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ipm.2021.102631 29. Plaza-Del-Arco, F.M., Molina-Gonzalez, M.D., Urena-Lopez, L.A., Martin-Valdivia, M.T.: A multi-task learning approach to hate speech detection leveraging sentiment analysis. IEEE Access 9, 112478–112489 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3103697 30. Rohanian, O., et al.: Privacy-aware early detection of COVID-19 through adversarial training. IEEE J. Biomed. Heal. Inform. 27(3), 1249–1258 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/JBHI.2022. 3230663 31. Yi, P., Zubiaga, A.: Cyberbullying detection across social media platforms via platform-aware adversarial encoding. Proc. Int. AAAI Conf. Web Soc. Media 16, 1430–1434 (2022). https:// doi.org/10.1609/icwsm.v16i1.19401 32. Gorokhov, O., Petrovskiy, M., Mashechkin, I.: Convolutional neural networks for unsupervised anomaly detection in text data. In: Yin, H., Gao, Y., Chen, S., Wen, Y., Cai, G., Tianlong, G., Junping, D., Tallón-Ballesteros, A.J., Zhang, M. (eds.) Intelligent Data Engineering and Automated Learning – IDEAL 2017, pp. 500–507. Springer International Publishing, Cham (2017). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-68935-7_54  
   
  Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis  
   
  181  
   
  33. Ilie, V.I., Truica, C.O., Apostol, E.S., Paschke, A.: Context-aware misinformation detection: a benchmark of deep learning architectures using word embeddings. IEEE Access 9, 162122– 162146 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3132502 34. Agbaje, M.: Neural network-based cyber-bullying and cyber-aggression detection using twitter text (2022). https://doi.org/10.21203/rs.3.rs-1878604/v1 35. Hajek, P., Barushka, A., Munk, M.: Fake consumer review detection using deep neural networks integrating word embeddings and emotion mining. Neural Comput. Appl. 32(23), 17259–17274 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/s00521-020-04757-2 36. Khan, M.U., Javed, A.R., Ihsan, M., Tariq, U.: A novel category detection of social media reviews in the restaurant industry. Multimed. Syst. (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/s00530020-00704-2 37. Woo, J., Yun, J.: Content noise detection model using deep learning in web forums. Sustain. 12(12), 1–16 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3390/su12125074  
   
  A Test Dataset of Offensive Malay Language by a Cyberbullying Detection Model on Instagram Using Support Vector Machine Nurulhuda Ismail1(B) , David Enrique Losada2  
   
  , and Rahayu Ahmad1  
   
  1 School of Computing, University Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  2 Centro Singular de Investigación en Tecnoloxías Intelixentes, Universidade de Santiago de  
   
  Compostela, Rúa de Jenaro de La Fuente Domínguez, 15782 Santiago de Compostela, Spain  
   
  Abstract. Social media services have become a prevalent communication tool due to their capability to instantly share information with a large number of people for free. However, social media also facilitate cyberbullying, and studies have shown that cyberbullying on social media has a severe impact compared to other platforms. In some cases, cyberbullying provokes tragic problems, such as suicide. The information shared on social media services provides a massive amount of textual data, which can be used to explore patterns of human behaviors including cyberbullying. This paper aims to build a dataset of offensive language for research on cyberbullying in the Malay language through a series of baseline experiments by implementing SVM classifiers. These preliminary experiments helped to understand the performance of automatic tools that mine for abusive language within a corpus of Malay texts. To achieve the objectives, social media extraction methods and new crawling technologies oriented have been developed to monitor the Instagram accounts of popular Malaysian celebrities. The resulting collection contains 165,239 real-world comments associated with 27 Instagram public accounts. A sample of this corpus was manually labelled in terms of cyberbullying categories. After the dataset was cleaned, normalized, and vectorized, this led to a collection of 527 comments. Following a standard training (70%) and test (30%) split, the SVM classifier was developed and evaluated. These initial experiments produced a model accuracy of 75% and f1-scores of around 75%. Keywords: Support Vector Machines · supervised machine learning · Instagram · cyberbullying · Malay language  
   
  1 Introduction With more than four billion users worldwide, social media services have become a prevalent medium to express opinions about individuals, organizations, products, or events [1]. Social media services offer the capability to instantly disseminate information to a huge number of people, basically, for free. Unfortunately, the open nature of these information services also facilitates cyberbullying. It is common that people share offensive, insulting, and hateful messages toward others [2, 3]. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 182–192, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_14  
   
  A Test Dataset of Offensive Malay Language  
   
  183  
   
  As its name implies, cyberbullying is an intimidating action perpetrated by someone in an online setting to cause harm to the victim(s) [4–6]. Cyberbullying may lead to severe impacts on general well-being, mental health, and social issues. For example, it can lead to depression, low self-esteem and even suicide [7, 8]. The increasing volume of user-generated content (UGC) on social media platforms provides a vast amount of data, which can be accessed and explored to understand patterns of human emotions, behaviours, and sentiments [9]. With these data, Machine Learning approaches such as Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Random Forest (RF) can utilize the data to perform predictions [10]. For instance, cyberbullying behaviour can be detected based on the textual data accessed from comment or caption sections of a social media post. Text mining techniques are among the most effective tools for cyberbullying detection [2]. Early cyberbullying detection is crucial in order to identify and classify the activities encompassing the attributes of cyberbullying to curb the problem and minimize the risks of cyberbullying victimization [8]. However, early detection technologies need language resources, such as corpora of labelled cyberbullying sentences, and these textual collections are scarce for many languages, including Malaysian. This paper aims to discuss a preliminary study for developing a test collection of offensive Malay language from a number of Malaysian celebrities Instagram accounts and tracked cases of cyberbullying. Automatic cyberbullying detection on social media is crucial to minimize the impact of cyberbullying and it has potential to support law enforcement authorities in witnessing how social media foster the dissemination of offensive remarks [2, 8, 10]. Thus, this research developed a tool to automate cyberbullying detection and utilized standard effectiveness metrics to evaluate the classification models. The experimental report includes the F1 score, precision, accuracy, and recall of cyberbullying comments in Instagram. Results from these initial experiments could be used as a reference for future research related to cyberbullying detection on social media. This paper is organized as follows. The next section explains the offensive Malay language used in Malaysia. Section 3 presents the process of building the textual collection for cyberbullying including the process of preparing the dataset, the methods used in the experiments and the results from the experiments. Section 4 provides the conclusion of this research.  
   
  2 Offensive Words in the Malay Language English language datasets are the focus of most current research compared to other languages [11]. English, Spanish and French is recognized as high-resource languages [12]. In contrast, Malay is one of the low-resource languages [14]. High-resource language refers to numerous datasets that are currently available, and low-resource language refers to limited datasets [13]. Malay is spoken in Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, and Brunei. Despite their shared basis and incredible similarities, Malay dialects vary in each country [14]. Due to its low-resource nature, there are very few datasets related to cyberbullying in the Malay language [15]. Most recent studies on cyberbullying detection utilize Twitter datasets in the Indonesian language [2, 16–18].  
   
  184  
   
  N. Ismail et al.  
   
  Due to the close similarity of the Malay language used in Malaysia and Indonesia, this research adopted the guideline of determining offensive words from the research conducted by Ibrohim and Budi [18]. Offensive words are usually associated with conditions, animals, astral beings, objects, parts of a body, family members, activities, or professions. Table 1 explains further about the categories of offensive words referenced in the Indonesian language, which are also relevant to the Malay language in Malaysia. Table 1. Categories of offensive words in Indonesian and Malay languages. Category  
   
  Conditions  
   
  Explanation  
   
  Examples  
   
  Malay language used in Indonesia  
   
  Malaysia  
   
  gila, bego, goblok, idiot, sinting, bodoh, tolol, sontoloyo, geblek, sarap  
   
  gila, bodoh, bengong, bangang, mereng, cacat otak, sakit otak, meroyan  
   
  ii. Sexual Orientation  
   
  lesbian, homo, banci  
   
  lesbian, gay, pondan, bapok, jantan, betina  
   
  iii. Lack of Modernization  
   
  kampungan, udik, alay  
   
  kampung, ulu, jakun, sakai  
   
  iv. Physical Disability  
   
  buta, budek, bolot, bisu  
   
  buta, pekak, bisu, tuli  
   
  v. Conditions where someone doesn’t have etiquette  
   
  berengsek, bejat  
   
  biadap, kurang ajar, bedebah  
   
  Words that express i. Mental Disorder certain conditions in a conversation are sometimes used as abusive words (e.g., with a negative tone or offensive intention)  
   
  vi. Conditions that keparat, jahanam, keparat, jahanam, are not terkutuk, kafir, najis kafir, najis, murtad sanctioned by god or religion vii. Conditions celaka, mati, modar, that are related sialan, mampus to unfortunate circumstances Animals  
   
  Animals that i. Disgusting for represent offensive certain people words and negative characteristics  
   
  anjing  
   
  celaka, mati, mampus, sial, miskin, papa kedana anjing  
   
  (continued)  
   
  A Test Dataset of Offensive Malay Language  
   
  185  
   
  Table 1. (continued) Category  
   
  Explanation  
   
  Examples  
   
  Malay language used in Indonesia  
   
  Astral Beings Astral beings are often used as abusive words because they are believed to often interfere with human lives An Object  
   
  Malaysia  
   
  ii. Disgusting and babi forbidden by certain religions  
   
  babi, khinzir  
   
  iii. Annoying  
   
  bangsat, monyet, kunyuk  
   
  monyet, kera, beruk  
   
  iv. Parasitic  
   
  lintah  
   
  lintah, pacat  
   
  v. Lusty  
   
  buaya, bandot  
   
  buaya, kambing, lembu  
   
  vi. Noisy  
   
  beo  
   
  murai  
   
  -  
   
  setan, setan alas, iblis, tuyul, kunti  
   
  setan, syaitan, iblis, toyol, pontianak, dajjal  
   
  tai, tai kucing, bangkai  
   
  tahi, taik, bangkai, busuk  
   
  ii. Dirty and Worn Out  
   
  gembel, gombal  
   
  kain buruk, sampah  
   
  Like animals and i. Bad Smell astral beings, some objects or features can be employed as abusive words (based on their negative aspects):  
   
  Body Parts  
   
  Certain body parts that represent abusive language and often associated with sexual activities  
   
  -  
   
  kontol, memek, tempik, jembut  
   
  kote, punai, puki, pantat, bontot, punggung, cipap, tetek  
   
  Activity  
   
  Abusive words related to activity are usually associated to some sexual-related aspects  
   
  -  
   
  ngentot, ngewe  
   
  menyundal  
   
  Professions  
   
  Related to someone’s employment, particularly low-class or religion-prohibited occupations  
   
  -  
   
  maling, sundal, bajingan, copet, lonte, cecenguk, kacung, pelacur, pecun, jablay, perek  
   
  pencuri, penyangak, penyamun, penipu, pelacur, sundal, peminta sedekah  
   
  186  
   
  N. Ismail et al.  
   
  The last category of offensive words is Family Members. Indonesians often add the suffix -mu on words that insinuate to family members as a curse, such as ibu-mu (your mother), bapak-mu (your father), kakek-mu (your grandfather), and nenek-mu (your grandmother). While in Malaysia, Malaysians usually pair the words of family members with another word that carries the meaning of ‘your’. For example, mak kau (your mother), bapa kau (your father) and atok kau (your grandfather). The word ‘kau’ is a word used to address someone in a rude way. Therefore, the combination of words of family members and ‘kau’ is generally considered offensive in the Malaysian language. According to the list of the aforementioned offensive words, the usage of those words in cursing others in the Indonesian language can be categorized into three types. Table 2 describes the three types of offensive Malay language used in Indonesia and Malaysia in the form of words, phrases, and clauses. Table 2. Three types of offensive Malay language used in Indonesia and Malaysia. Country  
   
  Types  
   
  Examples  
   
  Indonesia Word Anjing! (Dog!) Phrase Dasar bodoh! (You stupid!) Clause Goblok lu, gitu aja ga bisa!? (Idiot, you can’t even do something like this!?) Malaysia  
   
  Word Anjing! (Dog!) Phrase Memang bodoh! (You are stupid!) Clause Bangang betul, mcm ni pon tak reti!? (Idiot, you can’t even do something like this!?)  
   
  In modern conversation in Malaysia, it is noted that not all offensive words or phrases are used to curse others. Some Malaysians use offensive words to convey astonishment or wonder. For instance, the clause ‘Cantik sial rumah kau!’ is not to curse someone as damned or unlucky. In this context, the offensive word ‘sial’ is used to convey amazement or admiration for someone or something. Therefore, the clause ‘Cantik sial rumah kau!’ is meant to be ‘Wow! Your house is so beautiful!’. A clause as such is related to abusive language, but not offensive.  
   
  3 Building a Test Textual Collection for Cyberbullying A survey conducted in 2017 ranked Instagram first as the most prevalent platform for cyberbullying [11]. Instagram provides some features to reduce the occurrences of cyberbullying. These features are reporting to Instagram, hiding offensive comments based on keywords that have been provided by Instagram, and disabling comments for a post [19]. However, despite these features, many comments on Instagram still have the traits of cyberbullying [19]. Thus, automatic cyberbullying detection on social media is crucial to minimize the impact of cyberbullying and for the law enforcement authorities to witness how social media facilitate the dissemination of offensive remarks [12, 20].  
   
  A Test Dataset of Offensive Malay Language  
   
  187  
   
  Malay is one of the low-resource languages [15]. Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, and Brunei are using the Malay language. Malay originates from the same root and shares incredible similarities, but every country has their own variant [14, 15]. Very limited datasets related to cyberbullying in the Malay language used in Malaysia can be found due to its low-resource nature [15]. Most of the current cyberbullying detection studies utilize datasets in the Indonesian language from Twitter [2, 17, 18]. To the best of our knowledge, there is one dataset developed by Zainol and others for cyberbullying in the Malay language [21]. They gathered the data from Twitter using RapidMiner studio based on keywords such as ‘bodoh’, ‘sial’, ‘gila’, ‘babi’, ‘haram’, and ‘anjing’. These words are often used for cyberbullying on Malaysian Twitter. In addition, there is also a third-party API called Malaya developed by Zolkepli Husein that serves as a repository for storing Malay corpus with datasets of various subjects such as political landscape, emotion, sarcastic news headlines, and stopwords [22]. The live data was collected from Facebook, Twitter and Instagram using crawlers. The API also provides a number of models trained with its relevant datasets with 80% of training and 20% of testing datasets [15]. Nevertheless, both of the datasets are not developed for Instagram and cyberbullying. Hence, this research developed a new Instagram dataset in Malay, specifically for cyberbullying detection. 3.1 Preparing the Dataset Several aspects need to be taken into consideration during the process of data source selection, namely, the size and quality of the data sources, the difficulty to distinguish data consist of with and without the elements of cyberbullying, and the data redistribution terms and conditions [22]. This research performed baseline experiments using a realworld dataset from Instagram, as the platform that has the most prevalent cyberbullying incidents. The experiments were performed based on the flowchart, described in Fig. 1 [20].  
   
  Fig. 1. Experiment flowchart.  
   
  The first step is to gather data from Instagram accounts using Instagrapi, a Python library for the Instagram API. The raw dataset consists of 165239 comments crawled from 27 public accounts of Malaysian famous people. To make the labelling more manageable, this research attempted for a smaller subset which focused on the accounts that have a high percentage of negative comments in their postings. It is more likely to give a higher probability of identifying cyberbullying once the data was properly labelled [19].  
   
  188  
   
  N. Ismail et al.  
   
  A total of 831 data was randomly selected for the subset. From the subset, the data was filtered by erasing comments that: (i) have only one word, (ii) are written in English, and (iii) contain product or business advertisements. The filtering process gives us 528 data that are ready to be labelled. The dataset was manually labelled into two respective classes, namely, Bullying and Non-bullying. Due to the small number of data, the dataset was labelled by only one annotator who is a native speaker of the Malay language. Figure 2 shows some of the data that have been labelled as Bullying and Non-bullying.  
   
  Fig. 2. Examples of the labelled data.  
   
  After completing the labelling, symbols, punctuations, special characters, hashtags, emojis, and emoticons were deleted from the dataset. The next step is data normalization, where the non-standard words were changed into standard ones using Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka (DBP) database [22]. DBP is one of the most reliable resources for reference and accommodating tasks, including semantic recognition, syntactic disambiguation, and sentence structure in the Malay language [23]. Figure 3 illustrates the labelled data after normalization. 3.2 Feature Extraction Some application features such as TF-IDF will be applied to further clean the dataset by converting the comments into lowercase. The number of times a term appears in a document in relation to the total number of words is calculated using TF, whereas the importance of a phrase is calculated using IDF. This technique can quantify a word in documents, to compute a weight onto each word which highlights the importance of the word [18]. In this experiment, the Malay language stop words were utilized from Kaggle which consists of 364 words [24].  
   
  A Test Dataset of Offensive Malay Language  
   
  189  
   
  Fig. 3. Examples of the labelled data after normalization.  
   
  3.3 Baseline Experiments After the feature extraction process, the data were ready for classification. This research implemented the Support Vector Machine (SVM) technique and ran a series of experiments to evaluate the performance. These experiments produced a test collection of text for cyberbullying detection that could be used by others as a reference. The implementation of those classifiers was accomplished using a library from Scikit-Learn, a library that provides widely-used classification algorithms in Python language. This library is often used in research related to text classification, including the SVM library [18]. The dataset was randomly split into two types, with 70% for the training set and 30% for the testing set. The training set consisted of 370 comments and the test set consisted of 157 comments. Next, the dataset was vectorized into numerical vectors, where a list of unique integers is assigned to each row and its associated importance as calculated by the TF-IDF method. After that, the training and testing set were transformed into vectorized datasets. Afterwards, the vectorized training set was used to fit into the SVM classifiers and the vectorized testing set was validated to get the prediction of the labels. This experiments used the default SVM classifier (C = 1.0, kernel = ‘rbf’) and generated Table 3. Classification results. Precision  
   
  Recall  
   
  F1-score  
   
  Support  
   
  0.0  
   
  0.76  
   
  0.70  
   
  0.73  
   
  77  
   
  1.0  
   
  0.73  
   
  0.79  
   
  0.76  
   
  80  
   
  0.75  
   
  157  
   
  Accuracy Macro avg  
   
  0.75  
   
  0.74  
   
  0.74  
   
  157  
   
  Weighted avg  
   
  0.75  
   
  0.75  
   
  0.74  
   
  157  
   
  0.0 = Bullying.  
   
  190  
   
  N. Ismail et al.  
   
  the best fit. This allows the machine learning algorithm to learn from the dataset and generate predictions (Yin et al., 2021). Finally, the f1_score, accuracy, precision, and recall were produced using the classification_report function. The results are shown in Table 3 as follows. Based on Table 3, it was observed that with the SVM classifier, there is an accuracy of 0.75, which implies that the model correctly predicted 75% of the comments labelled as Bullying or Non-bullying. In general, a score between 0.50 to 0.80 is considered acceptable. The model also exhibits a precision score of 0.76 for Bullying indicating that 76% of the comments that the model predicted as Bullying are Bullying and 0.73 for Non-bullying indicating that 73% of the comments that the model predicted as Non-bullying are Non-bullying. The model also shows a recall score of 0.70 for Bullying and 0.79 for Non-bullying indicating that the model was able to discover 70% of the comments the model predicted as Bullying and 79% of the comments the model predicted as Non-bullying in the pool of comments. The model reveals the F1-score of 0.73 (73%) for Bullying and 0.76 (76%) for Non-bullying as the weighted average of the precision and recall. The rule of thumb is that the closer the F1-score to the maximum value of 1 (minimum value is 0), the better the performance is [29]. The Confusion Matrix of the classification result for SVM is illustrated in Table 4. Table 4. Confusion Matrix. Positive  
   
  Negative  
   
  Positive  
   
  63  
   
  23  
   
  Negative  
   
  17  
   
  54  
   
  Based on Table 4, the observations were recorded as follows: i. True Positive (TP): 63 out of 80 comments were predicted as non-bullying and were actually classified as non-bullying. ii. True Negative (TN): 54 out of 77 comments were predicted as bullying and were actually classified as bullying. iii. False Positive (FP): 23 out of 157 comments were predicted as non-bullying but were classified as bullying. iv. False Negative (FN): 17 out of 157 comments were predicted as bullying but were classified as non-bullying.  
   
  4 Conclusions This paper presented a new test collection for cyberbullying and language in the Malaysian language. Additionally, this paper outlined the methodology to build a test collection that includes a series of offensive language written by Instagram users. A series of baseline experiments were performed to evaluate the model performance and provided a report.  
   
  A Test Dataset of Offensive Malay Language  
   
  191  
   
  This paper also discussed the types of offensive language identified in the Malay language used in Malaysia. Due to the limited number of cyberbullying datasets for the Malaysian language, this new collection can be used as a reference to foster research related to cyberbullying in Malaysia. Future works aims to extend this research by exploring cyberbullying behaviour in the bystanders’ comments and building a corpus specifically for Instagram in the Malay language. This research would be beneficial for facilitating cyberbullying research in Malaysia by providing a complete corpus in the Malay language. Furthermore, it is also important in supporting society’s awareness of their roles in the effort to curb cyberbullying as well as for the authorities to witness the cyberbullying incidents in Malaysia.  
   
  References 1. Kumar, A., Albuquerque, V.H.C.: Sentiment analysis using XLM-R transformer and zeroshot transfer learning on resource-poor Indian language. ACM Trans. Asian Low-Resource Lang. Inf. Process. 20 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1145/3461764 2. Theng, C.P., Othman, N.F., Syahirah, A.R., Anawar, S., Ayop, Z., Ramli, S.N.: Cyberbullying detection in twitter using sentiment analysis. Int. J. Comput. Sci. Netw. Secur. 21, 1–10 (2021) 3. Scott, G.G., Wiencierz, S., Hand, C.J.: The volume and source of cyberabuse influences victim blame and perceptions of attractiveness. Comput. Human Behav. 92, 119–127 (2019) 4. Patchin, J.W., Hinduja, S.: Measuring cyberbullying: Implications for research. Aggress. Violent Behav. 23, 69–74 (2015) 5. Patchin, J.W., Hinduja, S.: Digital self-harm among adolescents. J. Adolesc. Heal.Adolesc. Heal. 61, 761–766 (2017) 6. Whittaker, E., Kowalski, R.M.: Cyberbullying via social media. J. Sch. Violence 14, 11–29 (2015) 7. Hinduja, S., Patchin, J.W.: Connecting adolescent suicide to the severity of bullying and cyberbullying. J. Sch. Violence 18, 33–346 (2019) 8. Azeez, N.A., Misra, S., Lawal, O.I., Oluranti, J.: Identification and detection of cyberbullying on facebook using machine learning algorithms. J. Cases Inf. Technol. 23, 1–21 (2021). https:// doi.org/10.4018/JCIT.296254 9. Jamil, N.S., Kamaruddin, S.S., Ahmad, F.K., Angeli, C.: Social tension detection on social media textual data: A literature review. Model. Simul. In: 2020 - European Simulation and Modelling Conference, ESM 2020, pp. 77–81 (2020) 10. Ismail, N., Yusof, U.K.: Recent trends of machine learning predictions using open data: a systematic review. J. Inf. Commun. Technol. 21, 337–381 (2022) 11. Bozyi˘git, A., Utku, S., Nasibov, E.: Cyberbullying detection: Utilizing social media features. Expert Syst. Appl. 179 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eswa.2021.115001 12. Magueresse, A., Carles, V., Heetderks, E.: Low-resource Languages: A Review of Past Work and Future Challenges. (2020) 13. Almansor, E., Al-Ani, A.: A hybrid neural machine translation technique for translating low resource languages. In: Machine Learning and Data Mining in Pattern Recognition: 14th International Conference, MLDM, pp. 347–356 (2018) 14. Lin, N., Fu, S., Jiang, S., Zhu, G., Hou, Y.: Exploring lexical differences between indonesian and malay (2018) 15. Maskat, R., Faizzuddin Zainal, M., Ismail, N., Ardi, N., Ahmad, A., Daud, N.: Automatic labelling of malay cyberbullying twitter corpus using combinations of sentiment, emotion and toxicity polarities. In: ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (2020). https:// doi.org/10.1145/3446132.3446412  
   
  192  
   
  N. Ismail et al.  
   
  16. Hidayatullah, A.F., Ma’arif, M..: Pre-processing tasks in Indonesian twitter messages This. J. Phys. Conf. Ser. 755 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1088/1742-6596/755/1/011001 17. Ibrohim, M.O., Budi, I.: A dataset and preliminaries study for abusive language detection in indonesian social media. Procedia Comput. Sci. 135, 222–229 (2018). https://doi.org/10. 1016/j.procs.2018.08.169 18. Yin, C.J., Ayop, Z., Anawar, S., Othman, N.F., Mohd Zainudin, N.: Slangs and short forms of malay twitter sentiment analysis using supervised machine learning. IJCSNS Int. J. Comput. Sci. Netw. Secur. 21, 294–300 (2021) 19. Naf’an, M.Z., Bimantara, A.A., Larasati, A., Risondang, E.M., Nugraha, N.A.S.: Sentiment analysis of cyberbullying on instagram user comments. J. Data Sci. Its Appl. 2, 88–98 (2019). https://doi.org/10.21108/jdsa.2019.2.20 20. Fati, S.M.: Detecting cyberbullying across social media platforms in saudi arabia using sentiment analysis: a case study. Comput. J.. J. 65, 1787–1794 (2022) 21. Zainol, Z., Wani, S., Nohuddin, P.N.E., Noormanshah, W.M.U., Marzukhi, S.: Association analysis of cyberbullying on social media using apriori algorithm. Int. J. Eng. Technol. 7, 72–75 (2018) 22. Losada, D.E., Crestani, F.: A test collection for research on depression and language use. In: Fuhr, N., Quaresma, P., Gonçalves, T., Larsen, B., Balog, K., Macdonald, C., Cappellato, L., Ferro, N. (eds.) Experimental IR Meets Multilinguality, Multimodality, and Interaction, pp. 28–39. Springer International Publishing, Cham (2016). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3319-44564-9_3 23. Bakar, J.A., Omar, K., Nasrudin, M.F., Murah, M.Z.: NUWT: Jawi-specific buckwalter corpus for Malay word tokenization. J. Inf. Commun. Technol. 15, 107–131 (2016). https://doi.org/ 10.32890/jict2016.15.1.5 24. AlBeladi, A.A., Muqaibel, A.H.: Evaluating compressive sensing algorithms in through-thewall radar via F1-score. Int. J. Signal Imaging Syst. Eng. 11, 164–171 (2018)  
   
  TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic Juhaida Abu Bakar1,2(B) , Nur Azmielia Muhammad Sharimi2 , Mohd Azrul Edzwan Shahril2 , Nur Syafiqah Azmi2 , Nor Hazlyna Harun2,3 Hapini Awang3 , and Nur Syafiqah Abu Bakar4  
   
  ,  
   
  1 Data Management and Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing,  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Data Science Research Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia 3 Institute for Advanced and Smart Digital Opportunities, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia 4 Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Universiti Sains Islam Malaysia, 71800 Nilai, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. TikTok is a popular social networking application that offers trend research and is a valuable source for users. However, this is often misconstrued for content, which may not be suitable for children due to misappropriate content. This study aims to improve user perception of TikTok by using topic modelling and clustering techniques to identify trending topics in TikTok videos. The research uses Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and K-means clustering techniques to enhance the recognition of local and global topics across text documents. The methodology includes data collection, data pre-processing, clustering, topic modelling, and results. Ten subjects associated with trending TikTok videos are displayed using the LDA algorithm, and the generated topics are used to produce an Inter-topic Distance Map. The method’s effectiveness is evaluated using log-likelihood score and perplexity measurements. It has a log-likelihood score of 5579 and a perplexity score of 287. A good model is one with a higher log-likelihood and lower perplexity. The study ex-tracts popular TikTok topics using both the LDA topic modelling technique and the K-means clustering algorithm. Keywords: social networking application · topic modelling · clustering analysis · latent dirichlet allocation · tiktok  
   
  1 Introduction Trending analysis is the practice of gathering data and attempting to identify patterns or trends in data. It can also determine whether an organization’s objectives have been met. Nowadays, Tik Tok is a new source and one of the most interesting and useful sources of information in social networking applications involved in trend analysis. TikTok was the most common application that grew faster and attracted 1.5 billion active users [1] of the © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 193–205, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_15  
   
  194  
   
  J. A. Bakar et al.  
   
  hundreds of millions of users from children and young adults. This application lets users create short video content, sharing 15-s and up to 60-s videos on any topic. Influencer Marketing Hub said Tik Tok was formerly known as Musical.ly until ByteDance, a Chinese company, took over the app, and users were transferred to Tik Tok. TikTok is a popular app among children and adults, often viewed as having disadvantages rather than advantages [2]. However, it offers interesting content such as business tips, cooking tips, and many other types of information. The study aims to classify video content into categories to improve user perception of TikTok. Users can better understand its features and avoid inappropriate content by analyzing the content. The primary contribution of this study is the use of clustering and topic modelling methods to uncover hot topics from Tik Tok videos. The goal of the effort was to improve the recognition of local topics within a single document and a group of global topics across a series of text documents using Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and K-Means clustering algorithms. The remainder of the document is structured as follows: Sect. 2 includes a literature review; Sect. 3 describes data preparation and methodology; Sect. 4 illustrates experiments and results; and Sect. 5 concludes the paper.  
   
  2 Related Work A topic modelling experiment based on user comments on social media is shown in the study [3]. The author conducted an experiment using two datasets from Yahoo and Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO), which covered the most popular news stories and video streaming comments, respectively. LDA was used to implement topic clustering based on topic modelling. This experiment received 15,000 comments throughout the same period. The results of the modelling are displayed in Fig. 1.  
   
  Fig. 1. Modelling’s outcome  
   
  TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic  
   
  195  
   
  In the [4] study, Twitter social media was searched for information about the Covid19 epidemic from March 3rd to March 31st. This author copied ten thousand tweets. The outcomes of clustering based on latent semantic analysis produced more clusters than clustering based on LDA. Because the largest cluster would show the day of trend, it was used as a comparison. The total number of confirmed cases in each nation and worldwide are shown in Fig. 2 [4].  
   
  Fig. 2. Number of confirmed cases  
   
  This study [5] focuses on the two-step problem of extracting semantically relevant themes and trend analysis of these subjects from a large temporal text corpus utilising an end-to-end unsupervised technique. The author first created word clouds based on the frequency of terms in each cluster of abstract text. As a result, terms that were less prevalent and significant to the cluster were deleted from word clouds. The author generated word clouds based on the TF-IDF scores of phrases belonging to a cluster. The TF-IDF based on a word cloud of four distinct clusters is displayed in Fig. 3 [5].  
   
  Fig. 3. TF-IDF based on a word cloud of 4 different clusters  
   
  The study from [6] has addressed the issue by focusing on Facebook fan pages. The type of special account that has more significance than standard Facebook accounts.  
   
  196  
   
  J. A. Bakar et al.  
   
  Using a combination of LDA-based topic distribution and post interaction indices, the authors presented a vector for Facebook fan pages. Figure 4 shows the process of LDA to obtain the topic distribution vector for a specific document in a fan pages text corpus.  
   
  Fig. 4. Process of LDA  
   
  In [7], a new spammer classification method is based on the LDA topic model. This technique captures the spamming essence by retrieving global and local data regarding topic distribution patterns. Clustering based on online spam detection is proposed to discover spammers that appear to be posting legal tweets but are difficult to identify using existing spammer categorization methods. The examination of the K-means technique produces an accurate result, and it also identifies spammers on social media. A past study from [8] explained the process of document clustering by using Kmeans and K-medoids algorithm (see Table 1.). This study focuses on hundreds of documents collected from Entertainment, Literature, Sports, Political, and Zoology. The authors implement the K-means algorithm on the WEKA tool and K-medoids on the Java platform. Both results of each algorithm are compared to get the best cluster. Based on Table 1, each cluster defines documents of a particular domain topic. According to the result, the authors conclude that the K-means algorithm is more efficient than the clusters obtained from the K-medoids algorithm [8]. The following word clustering experiment, carried out by [9], focuses on grouping Chinese words using LDA and K-means in accordance with five categories: politics, economics, culture, people’s livelihood, and science and technology. The Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) algorithm and the k-means clustering algorithm are combined in a novel approach that is put forth in this work. The highest probability of each topic is picked as the centroids of k-means after some topics are retrieved using LDA. In the final stage, the K-means algorithm is employed to group every word in the text [9]. The authors calculate the K-means centroids using the LDA algorithm findings and utilise the Chinese word similarity calculation method to calculate the distance between the  
   
  TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic  
   
  197  
   
  Table 1. Comparison of K-means and K-medoids algorithm. COMPARISON Algorithm  
   
  Cluster number  
   
  Number of documents  
   
  Efficiency  
   
  K-means  
   
  0  
   
  18  
   
  27.78%  
   
  1  
   
  3  
   
  66.67%  
   
  2  
   
  39  
   
  25.64%  
   
  3  
   
  25  
   
  24%  
   
  4  
   
  15  
   
  26.67%  
   
  0  
   
  43  
   
  18.60%  
   
  1  
   
  11  
   
  54.15%  
   
  2  
   
  7  
   
  42.85%  
   
  3  
   
  35  
   
  14.2%  
   
  4  
   
  4  
   
  50%  
   
  K-medoids  
   
  words. The authors calculate the K-means centroids using the LDA algorithm findings and utilise the Chinese word similarity calculation method to calculate the distance between the words. As a result, the suggested algorithm’s average similarity is higher than that of the K-means algorithm. To group Arabic documents, they were analysed using K-means and topic modelling [10]. LDA and K-means clustering methods were coupled in this study’s dataset of Arabic text texts. Datasets that represent news stories are obtained from the internet. The experiments choose and apply TF-IDF weighting. This work’s authors conclude that using topic modelling techniques during the clustering process enhances the quality of clusters for Arabic text texts [10]. Using the K-means technique, the study in [11] carried out text document clustering. The comparison of K-means clustering and K-Means clustering using Dimension Reduction approaches is covered in this work. The BBCSports dataset, which comprises five categories, including athletics, cricket, football, rugby, and tennis, is used for the comparison. The authors’ evaluation metrics include accuracy, precision, recall, and fmeasure. The efficiency of K-means clustering with and without DR methods is seen in the following figure [11]. K-means with information gain DR is superior to K-means clustering without dimension reduction approaches, as shown in Fig. 5. A study on document feature extraction using LDA was conducted in [12]. The information was collected from websites of Indonesian news media by choosing news categories and saving them as text files. The TF-IDF K-Means methodology and the LDA method were used to compare the document clustering results. Thus, based on previous studies, trend topics in social networking sites such as Tik Tok are still new in the current study. Hence, the use of topic modeling and clustering techniques to identify trending topics in Tik Tok videos is proposed in this study. In  
   
  198  
   
  J. A. Bakar et al.  
   
  Fig. 5. Comparison of K-Means and K-Means with DR techniques  
   
  addition, this research also aims to improve the recognition of local topics in one document and a group of global topics across a collection of text documents using Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and K-Means clustering techniques.  
   
  3 Material and Methods This study followed the four steps of trending topic analysis of TikTok videos, as shown in Fig. 6: data collection, preprocessing, clustering, and topic modelling algorithms and results. The following subsections clarify each step in detail.  
   
  Fig. 6. Steps of Trending Topics Analysis of Tik Tok Video  
   
  TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic  
   
  199  
   
  3.1 Data Collection This work mined Tik Tok data between April 25th and May 11th, 2021, for our experiment. The data was gathered by randomly extracting Tik Tok metadata such as number of views, number of likes, number of plays, video descriptions, etc. The Tik Tok API was utilized to collect 7552 data elements with 8 attributes at random, and this work used Python language software for data analysis and topic modelling tasks. The data was filtered based on the description’s most frequently used terms and hashtags. Figure 7 shows the overview of the dataset.  
   
  Fig. 7. Tik Tok Datasets  
   
  3.2 Data Preprocessing The first data preprocessing steps were carried out to eliminate noise from the dataset. It started by removing the following terms as noise from Tik Tok data: text and symbols that are not standard, mentions, hashtags, emoji, null values, and unwanted characters from the Tik Tok descriptions. In addition, to reduce dimensionality and promote the topic coherence, all words were transformed to lowercase. Following that, the preprocessing steps listed below were carried out: Tokenization: This process changes a string sequence into words, keywords, phrases, symbols, and other items known as tokens. Each sentence is divided into a list of words, with all punctuation and extra characters removed. Stop Word Removal: Words that are often used but have no effect on the data’s meaning were also eliminated from the corpus. The LDA algorithm could only use the most important words as input by deleting such sentences from the text, yielding more accurate results. The work combines English and Malay stop words to remove the mixed term from the corpus. The work also extends the stop word by adding related words, as shown in Fig. 8. Lemmatization: Lemmatization is the process of converting words to their base word. For instance, ‘playing becomes ‘play,’ ‘running becomes ‘run,’ and ‘meeting becomes ‘meet’. The benefit is that it can minimize the dictionary’s overall number of unique terms. As a result, the number of columns in the document-word matrix will be reduced, resulting in a denser matrix with fewer columns.  
   
  200  
   
  J. A. Bakar et al.  
   
  Fig. 8. Stop word by adding some related words.  
   
  3.3 Clustering and Topic Modelling The K-means clustering and LDA topic modelling methods are employed to the sets used in this work to identify patterns for trending topic discovery. The detail of following algorithm listed below: K-means Clustering: K-means is a conventional clustering technique that seeks for each observation of each attribute value and compares it to the nearest mean, and it is used to define clusters that are similar to one another [13]. The k-means algorithm takes the input parameter k and partitions a set of n-objects into k-clusters. Cluster similarity is calculated using the mean value of the objects in the cluster, which serves as the cluster’s centre of gravity. Steps that this work take for text clustering using k-means algorithm is (i) determine the k value, (ii) identify the segregation of topic clusters, and (iii) clustering evaluation model using Euclidean distance. Figure 9 shows the k-means algorithm.  
   
  Fig. 9. k-means algorithm  
   
  Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA): Topic modelling is unsupervised natural language processing used to represent text with the help of several topics. A generative model called LDA explains sets of observations made by unseen groups and explains why certain parts of the data are similar [14]. LDA is also a generative probabilistic model that is commonly utilized in the field of information retrieval [15]. Depending on the input settings, the generated topics can be highly generic or very specific [16].  
   
  3.4 Experimental Setup The experiment started by preprocessing the TikTok Metadata by subsetting video descriptions with Python code. A word cloud was used to ensure that no unwanted  
   
  TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic  
   
  201  
   
  content was included in the text corpus created from the video descriptions. Additionally, the word cloud can be utilised to verify the results of the preprocessing technique. The corpus was then represented using the bag of words characteristics representation technique. The bag of word words in the text corpus were therefore subjected to the LDA topic modelling technique. By creating a topic per document anda word per topic model, LDA algorithms classify documents into themes. A keyword distribution is used to represent each processed video description. The LDA also assumes that the data used for the analysis are a mixture of subjects. The subject will next generate phrases depending on their likelihood matrix. Five topics were initially taken out of the data. However, to determine the ideal number of topics in the corpus, later found to be 10, the best model estimators were used.  
   
  4 Experiments and Results The experiment yielded a word cloud of the Tik Tok description of frequent words, as seen in Fig. 10.  
   
  Fig. 10. Word Cloud of The Tik Tok Description  
   
  According to the word cloud, the majority of the words throughout the period are related to funny videos, food content, and Korean music videos. Hence, some of their words were included in ‘Food,’ ‘Movie,’ ‘Korean’ and ‘Comedy’ topics. Furthermore, some of the other words are related to the ‘Pets’, ‘Tutorial’ and ‘Sports’ topics. In addition, this work created an Intertopic Distance Map using the generated subjects. It gives a broad overview of the topics and how they differ from one another. It also allows for a detailed analysis of top phrases associated with each topic. The right panel, as illustrated in Fig. 11, presents a horizontal bar chart representing the top keywords that can be used to understand the topics. Table 2 shows the results of applying the LDA algorithm to extract ten topics related to trending videos on Tik Tok. Topic 0 is about sharing material regarding drawing and painting. Other common words in this category include ‘artwork,’ ‘animation,’ and so on. Furthermore, as shown in Table 2, topic 1 is about creating Autonomous Sensory  
   
  202  
   
  J. A. Bakar et al.  
   
  Fig. 11. Inter-topic distance plot of the 10 topics  
   
  Meridian Response (ASMR) video material or any enjoyable video. Some popular words associated with this topic include ‘ear,’ ‘foodie,’ ‘food,’ and so on. As a result, this form of ASMR content. Table 2. Results of Applying The LDA Algorithm  
   
  This work uses log likelihood score and perplexity measures to assess the algorithm’s performance on the dataset. It acquired a perplexity score of 287 and a log likelihood score of 5579. A model with a greater log likelihood and a lower perplexity is regarded as good. The degree of perplexity is a measure of how well a model predicts a sample. Following that, this model was put to the test by predicting the topic using the newly developed LDA Model. Before predicting the topics, the work uses a random text using the same preprocessing technique. The transformation order and the result are shown in Fig. 12. Figure 13 shows the code to get similar documents.  
   
  TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic  
   
  203  
   
  Fig. 12. Segregation of Topic Clust  
   
  Fig. 13. Similar Documents  
   
  In conclusion, this work uses K-Means clustering on the document’s topic probability matrix with k-10 since the optimal model has 10 clusters to cluster video descriptions that share similar subjects and plots. To depict X and Y columns, singular value decomposition (SVD) is employed. SVD ensures that the two columns collect the most information available for the LDA model. Hence, Euclidean distance and the likelihood score are employed to find similar subjects. The themes that are the most comparable are classified with the shortest distance.  
   
  5 Conclusion This study encompasses the LDA topic modelling technique and the K-means clustering algorithm, both used to extract trending topics from Tik Tok. The study aimed to locate and extract the most popular Tik Tok content. The LDA method obtained a perplexity score of 287 and a log likelihood score of 5579 from 7552 video data. The perplexity score evaluates how well the probability models predict. However, this measure is insufficient  
   
  204  
   
  J. A. Bakar et al.  
   
  unless accompanied by a manual topic evaluation. Some of the study findings are trendy topics, such as comedy and sports content. As a result, because data is a multi-language combination, future work will need to incorporate the extraction of keywords from the data. This work is also interested in evaluating different topic extraction algorithms, such as a combination of natural language processing and machine learning, and comment analysis [17]. Acknowledgment. This research was supported by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) through the Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (Ref: FRGS/1/2021/ICT02/UMK/02/1). The content of this article is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of MoHE, Malaysia. The authors would also like to extend their gratitude to the Data Management & Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia for their generous support in sponsoring the publication of this article.  
   
  References 1. Weimann, G., Masri, N.: The virus of hate: Far-right terrorism in cyberspace. International Institute for Counter-Terrorism (2020). https://www.ict.org.il/Article/2528/The_Virus_ of_Hate 2. Jing, P., et al.: Listen to social media users: Mining Chinese public perception of automated vehicles after crashes. Transport. Res. F: Traffic Psychol. Behav. 93, 248–265 (2023) 3. Ramamonjisoa, D.: Topic modeling on users’s comments. In: 2014 Third ICT International Student Project Conference (ICT-ISPC), pp. 177–180. IEEE (2014) 4. Sheikha, H.: Text mining Twitter social media for Covid-19: Comparing latent semantic analysis and Latent Dirichlet Allocation (2020) 5. Mann, J.K.: Semantic Topic Modeling and Trend Analysis (2021) 6. Phan, V.H., Ninh, D.K., Ninh, C.K.: An effective vector representation of Facebook fan pages and its applications. In: Hernes, M., Wojtkiewicz, K., Szczerbicki, E. (eds.) ICCCI 2020. CCIS, vol. 1287, pp. 674–685. Springer, Cham (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-03063119-2_55 7. Jose, T., Babu, S.S. Detecting spammers on social network through clustering technique. J. Ambient Intell. Humanized Comput., 1–15 (2019) 8. Rakesh Chandra Balabantaray, C.S.: Document clustering using K- means and K-Medoids. Elixir Inter. J., 16773–16777 (2013) 9. Qiu Lin, X.J.A.: Chinese Word Clustering Method using Latent Dirichlet Allocation and Kmeans. In: 2nd International Conference on Advances in Computer Science and Engineering , pp. 267–270 (2015) 10. Alhawarat, M., Hegazi, M.: Revisiting k-means and topic modeling, a comparison study to cluster arabic documents. IEEE Access 6, 42740–42749 (2018) 11. Ramkumar, A.S., Nethravathy, R.: Text document clustering using k-means algorithm. Int. Res. J. Eng. Technol 6, 1164–1168 (2019) 12. Prihatini, P.M., Suryawan, I.K., Mandia, I.N. Feature extraction for document text using Latent Dirichlet Allocation. J. Phys. Conf. Ser. 953(1), 012047 (2018) 13. Sapul, M.S C., Aung, T.H., Jiamthapthaksin, R.: Trending topic discovery of Twitter Tweets using clustering and topic modeling algorithms. In: 2017 14th International Joint Conference on Computer Science and Software Engineering (JCSSE) (2017) 14. Tong, Z., & Zhang, H. A text mining research based on LDA topic modelling. In: International Conference on Computer Science, Engineering and Information Technology, pp. 201–210 (2016)  
   
  TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic  
   
  205  
   
  15. Chyi-Kwei Yau, A.L.: Clustering scientific documents with topic modeling . Scientometrics, 767–786 (2014) 16. Blair, S.J., Bi, Y., Mulvenna, M.D.: Aggregated topic models for increasing social media topic coherence. Appl. Intell. 50(1), 138–156 (2020) 17. Chumwatana, T.: Comment analysis for product and service satisfaction from Thai customers’ review in social network. J. Inform. Commun. Technolo. 17(2), 271–289 (2018)  
   
  Navigating AI Development and Deployment  
   
  A Video Summarization Method for Movie Trailer-Genre Classification Based on Emotion Analysis Wan En Ng1 , Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Pozi2(B) , Mohd Hasbullah Omar2 Norliza Katuk2 , and Abdul Rafiez Abdul Raziff3  
   
  ,  
   
  1 Faculty of Computer Science and Information Technology, Universiti Malaya, Kuala Lumpur,  
   
  Kuala Lumpur 50603, Malaysia 2 School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  3 Kulliyyah of Information and Communication Technology, International Islamic University  
   
  Malaysia, 50728 Kuala Lumpur, Gombak, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. We live in an information world where visual data undergo exponential growth within a very short time window. With diverging content diversity, we simply have no capacity to keep track of those data. While short video platforms (such as TikTok™ or YouTube Shorts™) can helped users viewing relevant videos within the shortest time possible, those videos might have misleading information, primarily if it is derived from long videos. Here, we analyzed several short videos (in terms of movie trailers) from YouTube and established a correlation between one movie trailer and the classified movie genre based on the emotion found in the trailer. This paper contributes to (1) an efficient framework to process the movie trailer and (2) a correlation analysis between the movie trailer and movie genre. We found that every movie genre can be represented by two unique emotions. Keywords: movie analytic · face detection · emotion recognition · video summarization  
   
  1 Introduction The emergence of social video platforms such as TikTok™ and YouTube Shorts™ have enabled people to consume several videos within a short time window [1]. This benefits both viewer and content creator, as only important and concise information is relayed from creator to viewer. However, some of these videos are redundant, misleading, clickbait or simply misrepresentations of reality [2]. As a result, many resources, such as computing capacity and (most importantly) people’s time, have been wasted just to process and consume these short videos. The misrepresentation issue can be largely observed in many movie trailers. A movie trailer (which is a very short video clip made of multiple scenes derived from the promoted movie) is usually composed when a movie producer needs to promote a new © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 209–220, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_16  
   
  210  
   
  W. E. Ng et al.  
   
  movie to the public. However, in recent times, many have complained that some of the produced movie trailers are misrepresenting the promoted movie [3]. For example, one of the issues is that some movie trailers’ scenes are unavailable or probably edited out from the promoted movie [4]. This false representation is why some people spend their money and 1 - 2 h of their life watching that movie. There is a case where a fan threatened legal action over a particular when the final movie did not include scenes that were promoted in the movie trailers1 . As the number of movies released to the public increases over time, many producers want to ensure their movies are watched by many people worldwide. This will also increase the number of movie trailers released to the public. Hence, to facilitate consumers in visualizing many movie trailers without having to spend minutes watching the trailer, we introduce a method to summarize the movie trailers into metadata and perform data analytics in determining the relationship between the movie genre and emotion recognition, that occur in the movie trailer. This paper is organized as follows. Section 2 overviews the previous works on video summarization from the year 1997 to the year 2022. Section 3 explains the used in this work. Section 4 describes the results of the conducted experimentation on several movie trailers. Finally, Sect. 5 presents the conclusion and future perspectives related to the main findings.  
   
  2 Related Works The exponential growth of video data has been overwhelming that it requires some sort of summarization so users can consume many videos within a short period of time [5]. Even though video summarization has recently engaged growing attention in computer vision communities, the research on video summarization can be dated back to 1997 [6]. Here, we categorized the changes in video summarization corpus into three categories, image features statistical analysis, graph-based analysis, and semantic analysis. 2.1 Image Features Statistical Analysis From 1997 to 2005, video summarization is mainly focused on statistical analysis of the extracted image features. Hence, many efforts are focused on building quality image features from a given video, based on low-level image analysis [7]. For example, a novel technique based on SVD (Singular Value Decomposition) which derives the refined feature space for clustering visual similar frames and a metric from measuring the amount of visual content available in each frame based on the degree of visual changes [8]. Some have proposed an automatic construction of video summarization based on similarities of images in the video which will be used to select key frames of video segments [9]. Later, a more robust two-stage clustering based video summarization technique has also been proposed to improve the relevancy of the generated video summary, whereby, the first stage provided shot separation and determined the periods of stable content with good keyframe candidates while the second stage selected the final set of key-frames [10]. A 1 https://bit.ly/3VTwcWS.  
   
  A Video Summarization Method for Movie Trailer-Genre  
   
  211  
   
  much more sophisticated low-level image analysis to select representative frames based on the result of analysis of the events has also been proposed as a method to improve the relevancy of the generated video summary [11]. 2.2 Graph Based Analysis From 2005 to 2015, video summarization is slowly transformed into graph- based analysis. Chong-Wah Ngo et. al have proposed a unified approach for video summarization based on video structure analysis and video highlights, consisting of two major components: scene modelling and high- light detection [12]. The scene modelling consists of a normalized cut algorithm and temporal graph analysis meanwhile the highlight detection focuses on the motion attention modeling [12]. In 2006, Yuxin Peng and Chong-Wah Ngo proposed an algorithm for similarity measure of video clips based on bipartite graph matching algorithms which are Maximum Matching (MM) and Optimal Matching (OM) [13]. Maximum matching can filter the irrelevant video clips meanwhile Optimal Matching is able to rank the similarity of the clips based on visual and granularity factors [13]. D. Besiris et. al have proposed an automatic video summarization technique based on graph theory methodology and the dominant sets clustering algorithm [14]. Graph clustering and mining for multi-video summarization were proposed at the year of 2010 which the separated shot from visual data and extracted keywords from transcripts are structured into a complex graph and perform clustering while the hidden topics in the keyframes and keywords will be mined from clustered complex graph to maximize the coverage of summary over the original video [15]. A video summarization based on the Segments Summary Graphs is proposed, which is the coherency analysis of segmented video frames as represented by region adjacency graphs [16]. 2.3 Semantic Analysis Nowadays, many authors approach video summarization tasks within semantic analysis methodology, using every bit of video data and metadata. For example, in 2015, Yale Song et. al proposed TVSum. This unsupervised video summarization framework uses video title to find visually important scenes [17]. In 2016, Aidean Sharghi et. al proposed the Sequential and Hierarchical Determinantal Point Process (SH-DPP) for query-focused extractive video summarization, in which, given a user query and a long video sequence, the algorithm will generate a summary by selecting key shots from the video [18]. Later, Mohaiminul Al Bahian et. al proposed a convolutional neural network (CNN)-based architecture to mimic the frame-level shot for user-oriented video summarization [19]. Kaiyang Zhou et. al proposed a deep summarization network (DSN) that predicts a probability for each video frame which indicates how likely a frame is selected, selects the frames based on probability distributions and generates a video summary [20]. Lebron Casas et. Proposed two models which are Video Summarization Long Short-Term Memory (vsLSTM) and Determinantal Point Process Long Short-Term Memory (dppLSTM) deep network that enable model frame relevance and similarity and additionally incorporate attention mechanism to model user interest [21]. LSTM generate a summary from the video by extracting the most relevant segments and vsLSTM contains the bidirectional chains of LSTM units [21]. The dppLSTM combines vsLSTM  
   
  212  
   
  W. E. Ng et al.  
   
  with Determinantal Point Process (DPP) to model pair-wise repulsiveness within video frames [21]. In 2020, Wencheng Zhu et al. proposed a Detect-to-Summarize network (DSNet) framework containing anchor-based and anchor-free counterparts [22]. The anchor-based method generates temporal interest proposals to determine and localize the representative contents of video sequences while the anchor-free method eliminates the predefined temporal proposals and directly predicts the importance scores and segment locations [22]. Later, UN Yoon et. al proposed an unsupervised video summarization method with piecewise linear interpolation (In-terp-SUM) that improve summarization performance and generate a natural sequence of keyframes by predicting importance scores of each frame utilizing the interpolation method [23]. Figure 1 summarizes how video summarization research domain evolves over time.  
   
  Fig. 1. A temporal summary of video summarization literature from 1997 to 2022.  
   
  3 Methodology Figure 2 shows the overview of our methodology. In the first step, we collect several movie trailers from YouTube™, and group it based on the genre of the movie. Then, each video is splitted into several chunks, so that every chunk can be processed in parallel. Each chunk is processed to achieve the following tasks: 1. Face detection task, where we are going to identify whether there is at least one person in each chunk. 2. Emotion detection task, where we will identify the detected person’s emotion. Finally, a video summary will be produced by analyzing the distribution of detected emotion in each movie genre. 3.1 Data Collection We used the movie trailers, downloaded from YouTube™ as our main data. Each movie trailer is based on 5 movie genres: Comedy, Action, Fantasy, Horror and Romance. A total of 25 trailers have been selected with five trailers for each movie genre. The duration of each movie trailer is about 3 to 4 min. Table 1 shows the list of movies that have been selected for each movie genre.  
   
  A Video Summarization Method for Movie Trailer-Genre  
   
  213  
   
  Fig. 2. Overview of our methodology used in this research.  
   
  Table 1. Table captions should be placed above the tables. Movie Genre  
   
  Movie Title  
   
  Comedy  
   
  Ghostbusters, 2016 Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, 2019 Tag, 2018 The Intern, 2015 The Bucket List, 2007  
   
  Action  
   
  The Tomorrow War, 2021 The Finest Hours, 2016 Shooter, 2007 Security, 2017 Wonder Woman, 2017  
   
  Fantasy  
   
  Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore, 2022 Dolittle, 2020 The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, 2002 Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children, 2016 A Monster Calls, 2016  
   
  Horror  
   
  No One Gets Out Alive, 2021 The Conjuring, 2013 Don’t Breathe 2, 2021 The Silence, 2019 The Invisible Man, 2020 (continued)  
   
  214  
   
  W. E. Ng et al. Table 1. (continued)  
   
  Movie Genre  
   
  Movie Title  
   
  Romance  
   
  Little Women, 2019 Passengers, 2016 Crazy Rich Asians, 2018 Beauty and the Beast, 2017 Titanic, 1997  
   
  3.2 Data Processing Each movie trailer is around 3 to 4 min. Even though the duration is shorter compared to the full movie, we still chunk the video into several chunks to benefit from the parallel processing facility provided by Python programming language. Prior to face detection and emotion recognition tasks, the movie trailer is chunked into multiple smaller chunks, in which each chunk only consists of 60 s short video data. These chunks are then processed in parallel for face detection and emotion recognition tasks. 3.3 Face Detection Task A pretrained face detection model is used to identify faces from the video. It is based on Facial Emotion Recognition [24] and has been implemented as an open-source Python library2 for emotion analysis of images and videos data which will categorize each of the faces based on the emotion into angry, disgust, fear, happy, sad, surprise and neutral. By default, Facial Emotion Recognition (FER) uses OpenCV’s HaarCascade classifier to detect faces in image. However, to increase the face detection accuracy, FER implemented MTCNN network 3 in their face detection model. MTCNN is a Multi-task Cascaded Convolutional Networks which is a framework that consists of three stages of convolutional networks: Proposal Network (P-Net), Refine Network (R-Net), and Output Network (O-Net), that are able to recognize face based on the eye, nose and lip’s location in an image frame [25, 26]. Figure 3 illustrates MTCNN network architecture, and how it relates to our dataset. Stage 1: Proposal Network (P-Net). This stage is a fully convolutional network which is known as Proposal Network (PNet) which obtains the candidate windows and the bounding box regression vectors [25]. The bounding box regression vectors will be used to calibrate the candidate. Next, NonMaximum Suppression (NMS) is employed to merge the highly overlapped candidates. Stage 2: Refine Network (R-Net). The candidates are fed to Refine Network (R-Net) to further reject a huge number of false candidates, calibrate the candidate with bounding box regression and merge the highly overlapped candidates with NMS. Stage 3: Output Network (O-Net). 2 https://pypi.org/project/facial-emotion-recognition/.  
   
  A Video Summarization Method for Movie Trailer-Genre  
   
  215  
   
  Fig. 3. An illustration of MTCNN network architecture. “Conv” refers to convolution while “MP” refers to max pooling.  
   
  Output Network (O-Net) is similar to the R-Net but it describes the detected face in more detail. At the end, the network will output the five facial landmarks’ positions as shown in Fig. 4. When the MTCNN parameter is set to’True’, the FER model will use MTCNN network to detect faces meanwhile if it set to’False’, OpenCV HaarCascade classifier will be used to detect the faces. The model will run analysis on each frame of the video chunk and create a rectangle box around the face on every image which the emotion values next to it. It will publish a processed video which will have a rectangle box around the detected faces with live emotion values. Figure 5 shows the example of a detected face with live emotion values of comedy movie title with the name of The Bucket List.  
   
  Fig. 4. The detected faces with facial landmark.  
   
  216  
   
  W. E. Ng et al.  
   
  Fig. 5. Each detected face will have 7 emotions quantified with probability of that emotion to be true. The emotions are angry, disgust, fear, happy, sad, surprise and neutral.  
   
  3.4 Emotion Recognition Task and Computing Emotion Value The FER implementation also has a function that can be used to perform emotion detection tasks. The function can be used to classify detected faces into seven emotion categories: angry, disgust, fear, happy, sad, surprise and neutral, as shown in Fig. 5. Hence, for each detected face, there will be seven emotion values associated with the face. Each emotion value is a probability for that emotion to be true in that specific face instance (detected face in one frame). Figure 6 tracks the emotion value and score of each of the emotions of the movie named “The Bucket List”. In Fig. 6, every emotion in one frame is a probability value of all possible emotions, that sum up to 1, such as in Eq. 1: frame =  
   
  k j=1  
   
  p(yj )  
   
  (1)  
   
  where each frame represents the probability of every emotion to be true in relative to all available emotions: yj ∈ {angry, disgust, fear, happy, sad, surprise, neutral}.  
   
  Fig. 6. The score and total emotion value for movie trailer “The Bucket List”.  
   
  A Video Summarization Method for Movie Trailer-Genre  
   
  217  
   
  In the movie “The Bucket List”, we can see that happy is the dominant emotion in that movie, especially at around 1000th frames, and disgust is the uncommon emotion in that movie.  
   
  4 Results and Analysis Next, we compute the cumulative emotion value eij of video i, with emotion j, such as defined in Eq. 2: n ei, j = (2) (p(yj|f (face)) m=1  
   
  where yj ∈ {angry, disgust, fear, happy, sad, surprise, neutral} and f (face) is a function that describes the emotion of detected face, for every m face detected in the video up to n faces. Figure 7 shows the cumulative emotion value of each movie genre, in which each genre is represented by 5 movie trailers. Note that a -second clip has 30 frames, hence why Fig. 7 showing values greater than 1.  
   
  Fig. 7. Cumulative emotion value of each movie genre.  
   
  Based on Fig. 7, we found that: 1. We could not associate a movie genre with just one single emotion. 2. This experiment suggests each movie genre could be represented by the top three highest cumulative emotion value, such as: (a) Comedy genre movies can be represented by Neutral, Happy, and Sad emotions. (b) Action genre movies can be represented by Sad, Neutral, and Angry emotions. (c) Horror genre movies can be represented by Sad, Neutral, and Angry emotions. (d) Fantasy genre movies can be represented by Neutral, Sad, and Happy emotions. (e) Romance genre movies can be represented by Neutral, Happy, and Sad emotions.  
   
  218  
   
  W. E. Ng et al.  
   
  3. Some of the movie trailers that we collected could overlap with other genres. For example, the “Crazy Rich Asians, 2018” movie can also be considered a Romance and Comedy genre movie, instead of a Romance-only movie. Hence, we found that Neutral and Happy are mostly associated with Romance and Comedy movie genres. 4. For Action and Horror movies, three common emotions associated with those genres are Sad, Neutral and Angry. 5. Based on our dataset, emotion Disgust is not a popular emotion to be portrayed in a movie.  
   
  5 Conclusion and Future Works In this paper, we run an experiment to investigate the relationship between short videos that are derived from long videos, based on the description of the long videos. We done this by collecting 25 movie trailers, classified based on 5 movie genres. Next, we establish a relationship between emotion found in the movie trailers and with its movie genres, respectively. We found that a single emotion cannot represent each movie genre. In our case, at least 2 emotions are required to represent a movie genre. In the future, we plan to collect much more movie trailers and build a more accurate emotion detection tool to verify the relationship between emotions detected in each movie trailer and classified movie genre, which has been established in paper. Acknowledgments. The authors thank the Ministry of Higher Education Malaysia for funding this study under the Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (Ref: FRGS/1/2019/ICT02/UUM/02/2, UUM S/O Code: 14358), and Research and Innovation Management Centre, Universiti Utara Malaysia for the administration of this study.  
   
  References 1. Cuesta-Valiño, P., Gutiérrez-Rodríguez, P., Durán-Álamo, P.: Why do people return to video platforms? millennials and centennials on TikTok. Media Commun. 10(1), 198–207 (2022) 2. Gothankar, R., Troia, F.D., Stamp, M.: In: Stamp, M., Aaron Visaggio, C., Mercaldo, F., Di Troia, F. (eds.) Clickbait Detection for YouTube Videos, pp. 261–284. Springer, Cham (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-97087-1_11 3. Korsgaard, M.B.: Fake trailers as imaginary paratexts. MedieKultur: J. Media Commun. Res. 36(68), 107–125 (2020) 4. Garcia, R., Watson, W.: Fake it while you make it: When do fantasy and science fiction movie trailers become deceptive advertising? In a Stranger Field. Studies of Art, Audiovisuals and New Technologies in Fantasy, SciFi and Horror Genres., 122 5. En, N.W., Mohd Pozi, M.S., Jatowt, A.: A face recognition module for video content analysis in malaysian parliament sessions. In: Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE Joint Conference on Digital Libraries in 2020, JCDL 2020, pp. 533–534. Association for Computing Machinery, New York (2020).https://doi.org/10.1145/3383583.3398628 6. DeMenthon, D., Kobla, V., Doermann, D.: Video summarization by curve simplification. In: Proceedings of the Sixth ACM International Conference on Multimedia, pp. 211–218 (1998) 7. Zhang, H.J., Wu, J., Zhong, D., Smoliar, S.W.: An integrated system for content-based video retrieval and browsing. Pattern Recogn. 30(4), 643–658 (1997)  
   
  A Video Summarization Method for Movie Trailer-Genre  
   
  219  
   
  8. Gong, Y., Liu, X.: Video summarization using singular value decomposition. In: Proceedings IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR 2000 (Cat. No. PR00662), vol. 2, pp. 174–180. IEEE (2000) 9. Yahiaoui, I., Merialdo, B., Huet, B.: Automatic video summarization. In: Proceeding of CBMIR Conference (2001) 10. Farin, D., Effelsberg, W., de With, P.H.: Robust clustering-based video-summarization with integration of domain-knowledge. In: Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo, vol. 1, pp. 89–92. IEEE (2002) 11. Corchs, S., Ciocca, G., Schettini, R.: Video summarization using a neurodynamical model of visual attention. In: IEEE 6th Workshop on Multimedia Signal Processing 2004, pp. 71– 74. IEEE (2004) 12. Ngo, C.-W., Ma, Y.-F., Zhang, H.-J.: Video summarization and scene detection by graph modeling. IEEE Trans. Circuits Syst. Video Technol. 15(2), 296–305 (2005) 13. Peng, Y., Ngo, C.-W.: Clip-based similarity measure for query-dependent clip retrieval and video summarization. IEEE Trans. Circuits Syst. Video Technol. 16(5), 612–627 (2006) 14. Besiris, D., Makedonas, A., Economou, G., Fotopoulos, S.: Combining graph connectivity & dominant set clustering for video summarization. Multimedia Tools Appli. 44(2), 161–186 (2009) 15. Shao, J., Jiang, D., Wang, M., Chen, H., Yao, L.: Multi-video summarization using complex graph clustering and mining. Comput. Sci. Inf. Syst. 7(1), 85–98 (2010) 16. Demir, M., Isil Bozma, H.: Video summarization via segments summary graphs. In: Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision Workshops, pp. 19–25 (2015) 17. Song, Y., Vallmitjana, J., Stent, A., Jaimes, A.: Tvsum: Summarizing web videos using titles. In: Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, pp. 5179–5187 (2015) 18. Sharghi, A., Gong, B., Shah, M.: Query-focused extractive video summarization. In: Leibe, B., Matas, J., Sebe, N., Welling, M. (eds.) Computer Vision – ECCV 2016, Part VIII, pp. 3– 19. Springer International Publishing, Cham (2016). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-464 84-8_1 19. Al Nahian, M., Iftekhar, A., Islam, M.T., Rahman, S.M., Hatzinakos, D.: Cnn-based prediction of frame-level shot importance for video summarization. In: 2017 International Conference on New Trends in Computing Sciences (ICTCS), pp. 24–29. IEEE (2017) 20. Zhou, K., Qiao, Y., Xiang, T.: Deep reinforcement learning for unsupervised video summarization with diversity-representativeness reward. In: Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, vol. 32 (2018) 21. Lebron Casas, L., Koblents, E.: Video summarization with lstm and deep attention models. In: International Conference on MultiMedia Modeling, pp. 67–79. Springer (2019). 22. Zhu, W., Lu, J., Li, J., Zhou, J.: Dsnet: a flexible detect-to-summarize network for video summarization. IEEE Trans. Image Process. 30, 948–962 (2021).https://doi.org/10.1109/TIP. 2020.3039886 23. Yoon, U.-N., Hong, M.-D., Jo, G.-S.: Interp-sum: Unsupervised video summarization with piecewise linear interpolation. Sensors 21(13), 4562 (2021) 24. Goodfellow, I.J., et al.: Challenges in Representation Learning: A Report on Three Machine Learning Contests. In: Lee, M., Hirose, A., Hou, Z.-G., Kil, R.M. (eds.) Neural Information Processing, pp. 117–124. Springer, Heidelberg (2013). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-64242051-1_16  
   
  220  
   
  W. E. Ng et al.  
   
  25. Zhang, K., Zhang, Z., Li, Z., Qiao, Y.: Joint face detection and alignment using multitask cascaded convolutional networks. IEEE Signal Process. Lett. 23(10), 1499–1503 (2016) 26. Saini, P., Kumar, K., Kashid, S., et al.: Video summarization using deep learning techniques: a detailed analysis and investigation. Artif. Intell. Rev. (2023). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10 462-023-10444-0  
   
  E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning for Food Safety Application Wan Nur Fadhlina Syamimi Wan Azman1,2(B) , Ku Nurul Fazira binti Ku Azir1,2 , and Adam bin Mohd Khairuddin1,2 1 Faculty of Electronic Engineering, Universiti Malaysia Perlis (UniMAP), Perlis, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  2 Advanced Computing Engineering, Center of Excellence (CoE), Universiti Malaysia Perlis  
   
  (UniMAP), Perlis, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. This research aims to employ machine learning (ML) to classify the degree of contamination in leftover cooked foods based on their smell. This study evaluates the odour characteristics of typical leftover cooked lunch or dinner meals that are consumed locally in Malaysia. An easy-to-use e-nose application was attached to the food containers, consisting of four different types of sensors sensitive to various gases, to collect the data. RStudio is used to analyze samples in order to identify the odour classification of leftover Malaysian food. The accuracy ranged from 90% to 100% when using the oversampling and undersampling techniques. The results of this re-search showed satisfactory performances by Support Vector Machines (SVM) is superior compared to that of k-Nearest Neighbours (k-NN) in classifying the samples’ contamination degree. As a result, the findings showed that the electronic nose used in this study was a promising method for classifying the degree of contamination in leftover cooked foods and predicting whether food is still edible or not. Keywords: classification · machine learning · food waste  
   
  1 Introduction Food loss and waste (FLW) was a serious issue due to the huge socioeconomic costs involved and its connection to issues with waste management and climate change [1]. Globally, it had also become a major issue, especially in developing countries like Malaysia where the issue has gotten out of hand. Food waste is the use of food intended for human consumption for non-human consumption, the repurposing of food for animal consumption, or the discarding of edible food [2]. Certain academics have referred to food loss and food waste interchangeably. Food waste happens most frequently, but not always, at the retail and consumption stages of the food value chain. It is typically the result of carelessness or a deliberate decision to throw away food [4]. Furthermore, according to [2], there are three types of food waste: (a) prevent-able waste, which refers to food that was once edible but has turned inedible by the time it © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 221–234, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_17  
   
  222  
   
  W. N. F. S. W. Azman et al.  
   
  reaches disposal; (b) unavoidable waste, which refers to non-edible items; and (c) food waste that is potentially preventable, which refers to waste that is occasionally but not always consumed. Food waste generation at the consumption level is a form of avoidable waste typically produced at the household level. Consumer-level food waste can result from customer behaviours such as overbuying, poor planning, lack of information about their food storage, confusion over “best before” and “use by” dates, and more. According to Khazanah Research Institute (KRI), the household sector accounts for 44.5% of all solid waste collected, or 6.1 million metric tons annually. Food waste made up 50% of all waste composition in MSW, one of 20 major groups, and food scrap dumping is anticipated to increase greenhouse gas emissions by 50% by 2020 [5]. The primary objective of this research is to identify and forecast contamination levels using a machine-learning algorithm. This study aims to categorize cooked contamination levels and evaluate the accuracy of machine learning in classifying various levels of contamination and identifying spoiled food using taste, texture, and colour in addition to odour. Many studies have been conducted on integrating electronic noses and machine learning algorithms. Due to its rapid speed, highly reliable, straightforward operation, and cost-effectiveness, an electronic nose is a chemical measurement instrument that measures the chemical characteristics of volatile gases. It is frequently used to identify the quality and safety of food [6]. However, research on the issue of food waste in the context of leftover cooked food is presently lacking. Section II will discuss related studies on the combination of electronic nose and machine learning and how this research differs from the related studies.  
   
  2 Related Works The use of electronic nose machine learning for identifying the various characteristics of foods or drinks was covered in a number of literature studies. Conventional techniques like high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), microbiological cell counting, mass spectrometry, and gas and liquid chromatography are cumbersome because they require time-consuming and laborious sample processing [7]. To run these conventional methods, skilled personnel were also required. Therefore, e-nose technology has been used in the food industry due to its ease, cost effectiveness, and close connection to sensory panels. In a number of areas of food safety assessment, electronic noses have recently become known as potential tools for quick, early detection of contamination and defects in the food production chain. By identifying its distinctive components and studying its chemical components, an e-nose may recognize an odour [8, 9]. The electronic nose (E-nose) is a group of electronic gas sensors that can detect volatile compounds in the headspaces of food product samples with high sensitivity and selectivity [10]. It resembles the human sense of smell to some extent [10–12]. Figure 1 shows the correlation of human nose with electronic nose. According to Fig. 1 above, gas sensors and sensing materials were used in place of the odour receptor cells to mimic a biological olfactory system. A computational algorithm, an artificial neural network, and data analysis software are used in place  
   
  E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning  
   
  223  
   
  Fig. 1. Sensing-interpreting-discriminating process of an electronic nose [13].  
   
  of the brain and neural network [14]. During the detection process, numerous various volatile compounds interact with each other on the sensor array, and the data from each sensor is retained as a distinct pattern or “fingerprint” [15–17]. These signals are sent to a computer system, which recognizes the signals and distinguishes the fingerprinting of measured samples using multivariate data analysis (MVDA) methods [15]. As an objective automated non-destructive technology with significant benefits like high sensitivity, simplicity in construction, and cost-effectiveness, e-nose has gained popularity and become a prominent detection system in many sectors [12]. A number of studies demonstrated the widespread use of e-nose in assessing food quality-related properties, including the detection of wine properties [18], the classification of Chinese libations [19, 20], the quality status of fruits [21, 22], the quality of olive oils [23, 24], and the detection of contaminated foods [7, 25]–[27]. The integration of an electronic nose and machine learning to evaluate the quality of leftover food after days of storage, however, set this study apart from other similar works done in. A similar study recently have been done by [28], yet the method of classification was different as this study utilized multi-classification and obtained different result. It is crucial for the electronic nose to identify the contaminated food accurately as this will help the consumers decide which food to discard. It was believed that the suggested machine learning and method for classifying contamination levels in this research would help create a special framework for improving environmental protection and food waste management in Malaysia.  
   
  224  
   
  W. N. F. S. W. Azman et al.  
   
  3 Materials and Methods 3.1 Food Sample Preparation In this study, six (6) food samples of leftover cooked food—typically found in typical Malaysian households—are utilized to analyze the odour released and identify the indicator of contamination. These include Nasi Goreng Daging, Sup Daging, Ayam Masak Lemak, Ayam Masak Kunyit, Ayam Goreng Berempah, and Sawi Masak Air. These food samples were chosen to investigate how the way they were cooked affected their spoilage rate. Apart from that, they were also chosen to study whether different types of cooking affected the classification results. These food samples were stored in a pristine, airtight plastic container with sensors fastened to the lid for five days. Every day from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm, the study was conducted. The container lid will be opened every 15 min for sensor cleaning. The experiment took place in a room temperature (28z C - 30z C). Figure 2(a) – Fig. 2(f) shows the food samples in Fresh condition. These food samples will be observed for five days in a row with the purpose of detecting any visible changes.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  (d)  
   
  (e)  
   
  (f)  
   
  Fig. 2. Food Samples in Fresh Condition: (a) Sup Daging, (b) Nasi Goreng Daging, (c) Ayam Masak Kunyit, (d) Ayam Masak Lemak, (e) Ayam Goreng Berempah and (f) Sawi Masak Air.  
   
  3.2 Experimental Setup The food’s emissions of gases can be detected using four (4) gas sensors. The data from the sensor to the computer in this study is processed and converted using an Arduino microcontroller and a data collection programme called PLX-DAQ. The list of sensors utilized in this investigation was provided in Table 1 below, along with the types of gases the sensors detected. 3.3 Data Analysis Methods The present study involved the utilization of Support Vector Machines (SVM) and kNearest Neighbors (k-NN) in the analysis of data gathered from gas sensors, as well as the classification of the degree of food contamination. The datasets utilized in this study were characterized by an imbalance in the amounts of dependent variables, which may result in inaccurate classification algorithm performance due to unevenly distributed class label characteristics. To address this issue, oversampling and undersampling techniques were  
   
  E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning  
   
  225  
   
  Table 1. Sensors Used in the Study. Sensor Name  
   
  Types of Gas Detected  
   
  Types of Gas Detected in this Study  
   
  MQ-2  
   
  LPG, Propane, Hydrogen, Methane, Smoke  
   
  Methane  
   
  MQ-136  
   
  Hydrogen Sulphide  
   
  Hydrogen Sulphide  
   
  MQ-137  
   
  Ammonia  
   
  Ammonia  
   
  MQ-138  
   
  n-Hexane, Benzene, NH3, Alcohol, Smoke, CO  
   
  NH3, Alcohol  
   
  employed to balance the imbalanced datasets. Oversampling is the act of increasing the number of minority class instances or samples produced, as well as repeating some instances. Contrary to that, reducing the number of majority target instances or samples was known as undersampling. The data analysis tool of choice in this study was R Studio. This study evaluated 300 rows of sensor values and 17 covariates for multiclassification. The categories “Fresh,” “Semi-Fresh,” and “Spoiled” were utilized as the reference group for the multi-classification, based on observations made of the food sample during the experiment’s five-day course. The food sample was deemed “Fresh” on Days 1 and 2, “Semi-Fresh” on Days 3 and 4, and “Spoiled” on Days 4 and 5. Following the loading of datasets into the software, a data partition process was carried out, whereby the datasets were partitioned using an 80:20 ratio, with 80% of datasets serving as training sets and the remaining 20% serving as test sets. Each data point belonging to respective classes was chosen randomly during this process. A control function was also established for multi-classification, using k-cross validation with a value of k equal to 10, which is consistent with past studies.  
   
  4 Results and Discussion This section will be using confusion matrices to explain the classification task outcomes. For each class, the various rows reflect the prediction, while the various columns show the actual number of samples for each class. Each food sample will have three (3) confusion matrices representing the classification tasks for unbalanced, over-sampled, and undersampled datasets, respectively. In addition, the classification result will be divided into two sections: the k-NN classification results and the SVM classification results. 4.1 K-NN Classification Result Figure 3 shows the confusion matrices for the food sample Ayam Goreng Berempah. The first confusion matrix shows that when the dataset for Ayam Goreng Berempah was unbalanced, k-NN could not classify the levels of food contamination accurately. Hence, the average accuracy for this dataset was 50%. On the other hand, the average accuracy rose to 92.86% and 91.07%, respectively, after the dataset was balanced using the oversampling and undersampling techniques.  
   
  226  
   
  W. N. F. S. W. Azman et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. k-NN Confusion Matrix for Classification of Ayam Goreng Berempah: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  The confusion matrices for the meal sample Ayam Masak Kunyit were displayed in Fig. 4. The confusion matrix for the unbalanced dataset demonstrated that the kNN could not effectively classify food contamination levels. As a result, this dataset’s average accuracy was 42.86%. Yet, the average accuracy rose to 91.07% and 92.86%, respectively, when the dataset was balanced using the oversampling and undersampling technique.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 4. k-NN Confusion Matrix for Classification of Ayam Masak Kunyit: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  Next, Fig. 5 shows the confusion matrix for classification tasks done on Ayam Masak Lemak. When the datasets were unbalanced, the average accuracy for this food sample was 51.8%. The average accuracy rose to 89.29% and 91.07% when the dataset was balanced using oversampling and undersampling techniques, respectively. In oversampling, only 2 samples were misclassified as “Fresh” from the “Semi-Fresh” class and 4 samples were misclassified as “Fresh” from the “Spoiled” class. For the undersampling datasets, 2 samples were misclassified as “Fresh” from the “Semi-Fresh” class and 3 samples from the “Spoiled” class. Meanwhile, Fig. 6 below shows the confusion matrix for the classification tasks done Nasi Goreng Daging. When the datasets were unbalanced, the average accuracy for this  
   
  E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  227  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 5. k-NN Confusion Matrix for Classification of Ayam Masak Lemak: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  food sample was 37.5%. The classification average accuracy rose to 91.07% when the dataset was balanced using oversampling and undersampling.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 6. k-NN Confusion Matrix for Classification of Nasi Goreng Daging: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  In oversampling, 2 samples from “Fresh” class were misclassified as “Semi-Fresh” and 1 sample were misclassified as “Spoiled”, whereas 2 samples were misclassified as “Fresh” from the “Spoiled” class. Meanwhile, in undersampling, only 3 samples from “Spoiled” class were misclassified as “Fresh” class and 2 samples were misclassified as “Semi-Fresh” from the “Fresh” class. Figure 7 below shows the confusion matrices for the food sample Sup Daging. The first confusion matrix shows that when the dataset for Sup Daging was unbalanced, k-NN could not accurately classify food contamination levels. Hence, the average accuracy for this dataset was 26.78%. Yet, when the dataset were balanced using the oversampling and undersampling technique, the average accuracy increased to 96.43% and 98.21%, respectively. On the other hand, Fig. 8 shows the confusion matrix for the classification tasks done Sawi Masak Air. From the first figure, it can be observed that the k-NN algorithm could not classify the samples into their respective classes accurately. Hence, the average accuracy for this dataset was 41.07%.  
   
  228  
   
  W. N. F. S. W. Azman et al.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 7. k-NN Confusion Matrix for Classification of Sup Daging: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 8. k-NN Confusion Matrix for Classification of Sawi Masak Air: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  Nevertheless, when the oversampling technique was used to balance the dataset, the classification average accuracy rose to 91.07%. The classification average accuracy for when the dataset was balanced using the undersampling method also increased to 91.07%. In oversampling, only 3 samples were misclassified as “Fresh” from the “Spoiled” class and 1 sample was misclassified as “Fresh” from the “Semi-Fresh” class. There was also 1 sample was misclassified as “Semi-Fresh” from the “Fresh” class. For the undersampling datasets, 3 samples were misclassified as “Fresh” from the “Spoiled” class and 1 sample was misclassified as “Fresh” from the “Semi-Fresh” class. Meanwhile, 1 sample from the “Fresh” class was misclassified as “Spoiled”. 4.2 SVM Classification Result This section will discuss on the classification results for the SVM algorithm. Figure 9 below shows the confusion matrices for the food sample Ayam Goreng Berempah. The first confusion matrix shows that when the dataset for Ayam Goreng Berempah was unbalanced, only 1 sample were misclassified as “Fresh” from “Spoiled” class. In contrast, the data points for “Fresh” and “Semi-Fresh” class were misclassified completely. Thus, the average accuracy for this dataset was 55.36%. On the other hand, the average accuracy rose to 100% after the dataset was balanced using the oversampling and undersampling techniques.  
   
  E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  229  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 9. SVM Confusion Matrix for Classification of Ayam Goreng Berempah: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  Meanwhile, the confusion matrices for the meal sample Ayam Masak Kunyit are displayed in Fig. 10. Similar to the previously mentioned food sample, the confusion matrix for the unbalanced dataset demonstrated that the SVM could not effectively classify food contamination levels. As a result, this dataset’s average accuracy was 33.93%. Yet, the algorithm managed to achieve average accuracy of 100% when the dataset was balanced using the oversampling and undersampling technique.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 10. SVM Confusion Matrix for Classification of Ayam Masak Kunyit: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  Next, Fig. 11 shows the confusion matrix for classification tasks done on Ayam Masak Lemak. This food sample’s average accuracy was 57.14% when the datasets were out of balance. Nevertheless, when the dataset was balanced with the help of the oversampling and undersampling techniques, the classification accuracy was 100%, respectively, and there were no misclassifications. Figure 12 below shows the confusion matrix for the classification tasks done Nasi Goreng Daging. When the datasets were unbalanced, the average accuracy for this food sample was 41.07%. The classification average accuracy for this particular food sample dataset also achieved 100% when oversampling and undersampling technique were applied to balance the dataset. Figure 13 below shows the confusion matrices for the food sample Sup Daging. The first confusion matrix shows that when the dataset for Sup Daging was unbalanced, SVM  
   
  230  
   
  W. N. F. S. W. Azman et al.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 11. SVM Confusion Matrix for Classification of Ayam Masak Lemak: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 12. SVM Confusion Matrix for Classification of Nasi Goreng Daging: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  could not accurately classify food contamination levels. Thus, the average accuracy for this dataset was 39.29%. However, when the dataset was balanced using the oversampling and undersampling techniques, no misclassification error occurred as the algorithm could classify the food sample into the respective classes correctly (classification accuracy 100%).  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 13. SVM Confusion Matrix for Classification of Sup Daging: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning  
   
  231  
   
  On the other hand, Fig. 14 shows the confusion matrix for the classification tasks done Sawi Masak Air. From the first figure, it can be observed that the SVM algorithm can only classify the “Spoiled” class accurately, leading to the average accuracy for this dataset being 57.14%.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b)  
   
  (c)  
   
  Fig. 14. SVM Confusion Matrix for Classification of Sawi Masak Air: (a) Unbalanced, (b) Oversampled, and (c) Undersampled.  
   
  Nevertheless, when the dataset was balanced using the oversampling and undersampling techniques, no misclassification error occurred as the algorithm could classify the food sample into the respective classes correctly. Table 2 be-low shows the summarization of the k-NN and SVM classification results based on the accuracy. Table 2. Summary of Accuracy Results for k-NN and SVM MULTI CLASSIFICATION ACCURACY % Food k-NN SVM Sample Unbalanced Oversampled Undersampled Unbalanced Oversampled Undersampled AGB  
   
  50.00  
   
  92.86  
   
  91.07  
   
  55.36  
   
  100.00  
   
  100.00  
   
  AMK  
   
  42.86  
   
  91.07  
   
  92.86  
   
  33.93  
   
  100.00  
   
  100.00  
   
  AML  
   
  51.80  
   
  89.29  
   
  91.07  
   
  57.14  
   
  100.00  
   
  100.00  
   
  NGD  
   
  37.50  
   
  91.07  
   
  91.07  
   
  41.07  
   
  100.00  
   
  100.00  
   
  SD  
   
  26.78  
   
  96.43  
   
  98.21  
   
  39.29  
   
  100.00  
   
  100.00  
   
  SMA  
   
  41.07  
   
  91.07  
   
  91.07  
   
  57.14  
   
  100.00  
   
  100.00  
   
  Based on the summarized outcomes presented in Table 2, it is apparent that the level of accuracy in food classification varies between different food samples. This difference is due to the various ways of cooking the food samples such as frying, cooking proteins or vegetables in soups and cooking proteins or vegetables using coconut milk. These different cooking methods can also influence the spoilage rate of the food samples. Hence, it can be inferred that the accuracy of classification outcomes is impacted by the techniques employed for preparing the food samples.  
   
  232  
   
  W. N. F. S. W. Azman et al.  
   
  5 Conclusion With the aid of machine learning (ML) and the scent of the foods, a friendly electronic nose (e-nose) application was created to recognize and classify the degree of contamination in leftover cooked food. The meal sample for this study was made up of typical local Malaysian lunch and dinner items that were afterwards saved as leftovers. This work analyzed the samples using machine learning techniques, including k-Nearest Neighbors (k-NN) and Support Vector Machines (SVMs). The samples were classified into three (3) categories: “Fresh,” “Semi-Fresh,” and “Spoiled”. The findings of this study showed that k-Nearest Neighbors (k-NN) and Support Vector Machines (SVMs) accuracy ranged from 90% to 100% using the oversampling and undersampling techniques, indicating that these techniques were capable of classifying the contamination level of the food sample. However, SVM outperforms k-NN in terms of classification since it can accurately categorize every food sample when the dataset is balanced using oversampling and undersampling. Thus, the findings indicated that the electronic nose used in this study was a potential tool for classifying the degree of contamination in leftover cooked dishes. Acknowledgement. This research is supported by the Ministry of Higher Education through Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (FRGS/1/2022/STG07/UNIMAP/02/5).  
   
  References 1. Chauhan, C., Dhir, A., Akram, M.U., Salo, J.: Food loss and waste in food supply chains. a systematic literature review and framework development approach. J. Cleaner Prod. 295, 126438 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jclepro.2021.126438 2. Dhir, A., Talwar, S., Kaur, P., Malibari, A.: Food waste in hospitality and food services: A systematic literature review and framework development approach. J. Clean. Prod. 270, 122861 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jclepro.2020.122861 3. Betz, A., Buchli, J., Göbel, C., Müller, C.: Food waste in the Swiss food service industry Magnitude and potential for reduction. Waste Manag. 35, 218–226 (2015). https://doi.org/10. 1016/j.wasman.2014.09.015 4. Lipinski, B.: By the numbers: reducing food loss and waste, World Resour. Inst., pp. 1–6, 2013 5. Ismail, M.H., et al.: Impact of movement control order (Mco) due to coronavirus disease (covid-19) on food waste generation: A case study in klang valley, malaysia. Sustain. 12(21), 1–17 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3390/su12218848 6. Changquan Huang, Y.: A machine learning method for the quantitative detection of adulterated meat using a MOS-Based E-Nose. Foods 11(4), 602 (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/foods1 1040602 7. Qiu, S., Wang, J.: The prediction of food additives in the fruit juice based on electronic nose with chemometrics. Food Chem. 230, 208–214 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.foodchem. 2017.03.011 8. J. G˛ebicki and B. Szulczy´nski, “Discrimination of selected fungi species based on their odour profile using prototypes of electronic nose instruments,” Meas. J. Int. Meas. Confed., vol. 116, no. November 2017, pp. 307–313, 2018, doi: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.measurement. 2017.11.029.  
   
  E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning  
   
  233  
   
  9. M. Roy and B. K. Yadav, “Electronic nose for detection of food adulteration: a review,” J. Food Sci. Technol., vol. 59, no. 3, pp. 846–858, 2022,https://doi.org/10.1007/s13197-021-050 57-w 10. Gu, S., Wang, J., Wang, Y.: Early discrimination and growth tracking of Aspergillus spp. contamination in rice kernels using electronic nose. Food Chem. 292(April), 325–335 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.foodchem.2019.04.054 11. Abu-Khalaf, N.: Identification and quantification of olive oil quality parameters using an electronic nose. Agriculture 11(7), 674 (2021). https://doi.org/10.3390/agriculture11070674 12. Liu, H., Li, Q., Yan, B., Lei Zhang, Y.: Bionic electronic nose based on mos sensors array and machine learning algorithms used for wine properties detection. Sensors 19(1), 45 (2018). https://doi.org/10.3390/s19010045 13. Tan, J., Xu, J.: Applications of electronic nose (e-nose) and electronic tongue (e-tongue) in food quality-related properties determination: a review. Artif. Intell. Agric. 4, 104–115 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aiia.2020.06.003 14. Hsieh, Y., Yao, D.: Intelligent gas-sensing systems and their applications. J. Micromech. Microeng. 28(9), 093001 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1088/1361-6439/aac849 15. Jiang, S., Liu, Y.: Gas sensors for volatile compounds analysis in muscle foods: A review. TrAC - Trends Anal. Chem. 126, 115877 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.trac.2020.115877 16. Oates, M.J., Fox, P., Sanchez-Rodriguez, L., Carbonell-Barrachina, Á.A., Ruiz-Canales, A.: DFT based classification of olive oil type using a sinusoidally heated, low cost electronic nose. Comput. Electron. Agric. 155, 348–358 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.compag.2018. 10.026 17. Oates, M.J., Abu-Khalaf, N., Molina-Cabrera, C., Ruiz-Canales, A., Ramos, J., Bahder, B.W.: Detection of lethal bronzing disease in cabbage palms (Sabal palmetto) using a low-cost electronic nose. Biosensors 10(11), 188 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3390/bios10110188 18. Qiang Li, Y., Jia, J.: Classification of multiple chinese liquors by means of a QCM-based enose and MDS-SVM classifier. Sensors 17(2), 272 (2017). https://doi.org/10.3390/s17020272 19. Li, Q., Gu, Y., Wang, N.F.: Application of Random Forest Classifier by Means of a QCMBased E-Nose in the Identification of Chinese Liquor Flavors. IEEE Sens. J. 17(6), 1788–1794 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/JSEN.2017.2657653 20. Qiu, S., Wang, J., Tang, C., Du, D.: Comparison of ELM, RF, and SVM on E-nose and E-tongue to trace the quality status of mandarin (Citrus unshiu Marc.). J. Food Eng. 166, 193–203 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfoodeng.2015.06.007 21. Qiu, S., Gao, L., Wang, J.: Classification and regression of ELM, LVQ and SVM for E-nose data of strawberry juice. J. Food Eng. 144, 77–85 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfoodeng. 2014.07.015 22. Buratti, S., Malegori, C., Benedetti, S., Oliveri, P., Giovanelli, G.: E-nose, e-tongue and e-eye for edible olive oil characterization and shelf life assessment: a powerful data fusion approach. Talanta 182(February), 131–141 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.talanta.2018.01.096 23. Ordukaya, E., Karlik, B.: Quality control of olive oils using machine learning and electronic nose. J. Food Qual. 2017, 1–7 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1155/2017/9272404 24. Kiani, S., Minaei, S., Ghasemi-Varnamkhasti, M.: Integration of computer vision and electronic nose as non-destructive systems for saffron adulteration detection. Comput. Electron. Agric. 141, 46–53 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.compag.2017.06.018 25. Tian, X., Wang, J., Cui, S.: Analysis of pork adulteration in minced mutton using electronic nose of metal oxide sensors. J. Food Eng. 119(4), 744–749 (2013). https://doi.org/10.1016/j. jfoodeng.2013.07.004 26. Tian, X., Wang, J., Ma, Z., Li, M., Wei, Z.: Combination of an E-Nose and an E-Tongue for adulteration detection of minced mutton mixed with pork. J. Food Qual. 2019, 1–10 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1155/2019/4342509  
   
  234  
   
  W. N. F. S. W. Azman et al.  
   
  27. Leggieri, M.C., et al.: An electronic nose supported by an artificial neural network for the rapid detection of aflatoxin B1 and fumonisins in maize. Food Control 123, 107722 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.foodcont.2020.107722 28. Wan Azman, W. N. F. S., Ku Azir, K. N. F., Amir, A.: Classification of Odour in the Leftover Cooked Food to Determine Contamination Using Machine Learning, vol. 835. 2022. doi: https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-16-8515-6_63  
   
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches in Routing Protocols for Low Power and Lossy Networks: A Fuzzy Logic-Based Perspective Laila Al-Qaisi1,2(B)  
   
  , Suhaidi Hassan2  
   
  , and Nur Haryani Zakaria3  
   
  1 Computer Network and Information Systems Department, The World Islamic Sciences  
   
  Education University, Amman, Jordan [email protected]  2 InterNetWorks Research Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, Kedah, Malaysia 3 Data Management and Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. The routing protocol known as RPL is employed in low power and lossy networks. It makes use of an objective function (OF) to establish a Destination Oriented Directed Acyclic Graph (DODAG) and ascertain the most suitable parental candidate or trip route. Nevertheless, the task of identifying a suitable OF in Low Power and Lossy Networks (LLN) is a significant challenge. The RPL was intentionally designed to possess a high degree of flexibility, allowing for the construction of routing topologies without imposing any specific routing metric or constraint. This design choice was made to accommodate the diverse range of LLN that exist. This study provides a critical overview of recent literature pertaining to the topic of RPL and specifically focuses on the many strategies aimed at enhancing OF inside the RPL protocol. The objective of this study is to provide an analysis of relevant endeavors, including the development of innovative metrics and the application of fuzzy logic techniques in the combination of OF metrics. Furthermore, this paper discusses the recommended augmentation strategies, as well as constraints and future development directions. The research community can employ the findings to gain a deeper comprehension of objective functions and improve the performance of RPL in the face of security problems. Keywords: RPL · OF enhancement · IoT · RPL performance · Fuzzy Logic  
   
  1 Introduction Connecting commonplace items to the web is an innovative concept made possible by the Internet of Things (IoT) [1]. Intending to improve our quality of life and keep us safe, it spans various fields, from medicine and military services to industry and smart home monitoring. Lossy, low-powered and resource-constrained best describe the tiny © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 235–247, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_18  
   
  236  
   
  L. Al-Qaisi et al.  
   
  devices utilized on IoT [2]. Hence, an efficient routing protocol in this setting is both a requirement and a difficult problem to study [3]. A new IPv6 protocol, termed Routing Protocol for Low Power and Lossy Networks (RPL), has been suggested by the IETF ROLL working group to address the needs of low-power and lossy networks (LLN) [4]. As a promising protocol, RPL offers various benefits for tiny devices, that it can adapt to and manage shifts in network architecture and implementation, which is one of its primary strengths. It is also employed to address issues unique to LLN, such as traffic congestion [5], imbalanced consumed energy [6], and load balancing [7]. Yet, choosing the best route to the destination still represents a significant challenge for RPL [8]. Consequently, numerous research studies have addressed this concern and recommended various enhancements for the best parent/best path [9]. For advanced IoT applications to succeed, it’s essential to select a path between sensors that is both fast and has minimal data loss [10]. The routing quality can be enhanced by employing a suitable objective function (OF). Yet, several scenarios, including network scalability, mobility [11], security [12, 13], and topology changes, might pose challenges for applications built on LLNs. More packet loss, shorter network life, higher overhead, and higher energy consumption are all possible outcomes of certain worst-case scenarios [10–13]. This article will focus on OF enhancements. The OF in routing protocols finds the optimum path to a destination. A good route meets power consumption, network durability, convergence speed, and connection quality parameters like ETX and PDR. The rapid development of OF attracts LLN researchers. This paper discusses the most important efforts to assess and enhance the objective function, prompted by the lack of earlier RPL objective function surveys. This research critically evaluates OF modification methods for RPL routing service improvement. RPL should be explained thoroughly. Discussing OF modification approaches. Then fuzzy logic is discussed. The rest of the paper is organized: Prelims are explained in Sect. 2. The paper’s methodology is in Sect. 3. Modification procedures are in Sect. 4. The results are thoroughly discussed in Sect. 5. Section 6 discusses directions and opportunities.  
   
  2 The Objective Function in RPL It’s one of the most important parts of RPL because it helps build the topology using the Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAG) concept and the distance vector technique to create a tree-like structure, or Destination Oriented Directed Acyclic Graph (DODAG), which regulates links between reachable nodes [14]. DODAG root and RPL routers exchange data between source and destination nodes [15]. RPL’s DODAG construction process depends heavily on the networks OF. Route selection also affects network efficiency. The metrics and limitations used to establish the ideal path from a node to the root can improve or damage network performance [16]. 2.1 Standard Objective Functions (oF) RPL defines two standards OF, Objective Function zero (OF0) and Minimum Rank with Hysteresis Objective Function (MRHOF).  
   
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches  
   
  237  
   
  OF0 [17] uses hop count by default. As the purpose is to find the shortest path from root to grounded node, the optimal parent is chosen based on node rank, with the root always having the lowest rank. As topology descends, node ranks rise. OF0 keeps a backup successor in case the chosen parent fails. Depending on the linkages, the node forwards all upward traffic to the root via the designated parent or backup successor. As OF0 does not attempt load balancing, if the chosen parent cannot transfer a packet to the root node, the backup successor is used instead [18]. A node’s rank is calculated by adding its preferred parent’s rank to rank_increase, which is calculated using Eq. 1 and specified values: R(n) = R(p) + RI  
   
  (1)  
   
  R(n) is the new rank for node n, R(p) is the preferred parent node, and RI is the rank_increase, derived in Eq. 2: RI = (Rf ∗ Sp + Sr) ∗ MHRI  
   
  (2)  
   
  The adjustable rank factor Rf has a default value of 1, the rank step is Sp, the largest rank level value is Sr, and the minimum hop rank increase is MHRL, which is 256 in RFC6550 [19]. However, using a node routing metric will lower link quality, which is one of OF0’s main downsides. Besides, an increase in retransmissions and packet loss may occur when selecting the shortest route in terms of minimal hop count if the path is unreliable. MRHOF [20] It was created to identify the option with the lowest cost without shifting the chosen parent. Therefore, MRHOF uses two ways to do this. The first finds the quickest route, while the other is hysteresis. Hysteresis method selects a candidate parent as the preferred parent if and only if its path cost is less than the current preferred parent, minus a threshold value [21]. MRHOF defaults to the expected transmission count (ETX) metric for path cost calculation [22]. Periodically recalculating path cost keeps the network working smoothly. The preferred parent is only selected when a neighbor’s path cost is updated, or a new neighbor is added to the neighbor’s table. As mentioned, the hysteresis condition must be managed to replace the chosen parent and protect the offspring from a never-ending cycle of parental turnover. By default, MRHOF-ETX prioritizes linkages by ETX value, choosing paths. The links’ ETX is calculated using Eq. 3. ETX =  
   
  1 Df ∗ Dr  
   
  (3)  
   
  Dr is the likelihood of neighbor to get acknowledgment packet, and Df is probability that it reaches neighbor [23]. The traditional OF relies on single metrics, which is a major challenge for choosing the best parent and getting the best network performance. This is when a routing metrics combination is proposed to research to overcome this challenge. As per [24], In highly dynamic or heterogeneous networks, combining metrics improves routing decisions and network performance. Combining link quality, latency, energy usage, bandwidth, dependability, and other application-specific indicators gives a more holistic network picture. Resources will be better used. Additionally, offering  
   
  238  
   
  L. Al-Qaisi et al.  
   
  network-condition-based routing flexibility. Metrics give RPL extensions a complete network picture and enable intelligent routing decisions that improve energy efficiency, dependability, latency, and service quality. RPL routes data in resource constrained and lossy IoT environments using many variables. 2.2 Routing Metrics RPL was ratified by the IETF ROLL working group as an IPv6 routing protocol to meet LLN lossy link and limited node requirements. RPL supports point-to-point, multipointto-point, and point-to-multipoint topologies [9]. RPL updates routing topology and information using four ICMPv6 control packets. DODAG Information Object (DIO) preserves node rating and root distance before finding best parent. Second, send DAO-containing up-ward traffic to parents. Third, joinable nodes receive a DODAG Information Solicitation for DIO messages. Finally, the DAO receiver confirms receipt with a DAO-ACK message [13]. LLN have distinct behavioral characteristics compared to wired and ad hoc networks. The most notable is that RPL is being used as the major routing protocol in these networks. Because of the OF, this protocol offers tremendous freedom in choosing routing metrics [25]. Routing metrics ensure path cost evaluation and the least restrictive path selection. Certain RPL implementations require multiple routing metrics and limitations, whereas others require only one [26]. Routing metrics can be static or dynamic, focus on the link or the node, emphasize quality or quantity, etc. However, routing metrics and constraints are different. The routing protocol may consider Both of these factors when determining the best route to take. In order to avoid potentially problematic links, a routing protocol may take advantage of a routing constraint. A routing metric selects its path according to the links that guarantee a certain level of reliability. The requirements for RPL implementation will determine which metrics or constraints will be imposed. The routing metrics also need to consider the network’s dynamic nature. LLN networks’ link or node metrics are dynamic and subject to change as the network functions. Here, we’ll look at the residual energy as a node metric for choosing a route. The network nodes’ inability to maintain their energy reserves gradually decreases their remaining power. Thus, the path calculation using this metric shift as the measure itself shifts and evolves. Both node and link metrics are explained as per [27, 28] and [29]. 1. Node Metrics: Hope Count: a common wireless network routing metric It is deployed for measuring network path length. Energy: reports network node power consumption. Location and distance from the sink may cause some nodes to lose energy faster than others. 2. Link Metrics: Throughput: amount of data to be exchanged between nodes over the network in a certain timeframe. More throughput means better performance. Latency: time to transport data across the network. The latency of a network is measured in milliseconds, and lower latency indicates a quicker reaction time.  
   
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches  
   
  239  
   
  Expected Transmission Count (ETX): checks network reliability. It shows how many transmissions the destination needs to confirm data receipt. The root is best reached via the lowest ETX path. ETX’s high value shows the network’s instability. RSSI/LQI: The physical layer may precisely set a network’s signal, frequency, voltage, etc. RSSI and LQI are the most common radio link estimators. RSSI checks received frequency signals as a radio transceiver. Thus, a greater RSSI indicates a stronger radio signal and closer destination. LQI rates link reliability from 0 to 7.  
   
  3 Methodology The main objective of this study is to provide in-depth coverage of available modifications and enhancements proposed in the literature on RPL OF. The method proposed by Arksey and O’Malley [30] and Pham et al. [31] was applied to identify the studies related to RPL OF modifications for the IoT environment. It consisted of five steps: formulating research questions (RQ), searching for relevant studies, selecting the best matching studies, organizing, and documenting data, and finally, reporting the findings. In identifying the RQ, two major questions were set. RQ1: What is the modification approach used? And RQ2: What are the metrics combined? Keywords for step 2 of the method’s database search were determined in based on the (RQs) provided, which were “Fuzzy logic OF”, “Lexical OF”, “Additive OF” or “Enhanced OF”. The timeframe was set to include studies published within the last 4 years, 2019 to 2023. Afterward, the abstracts of the documents were analyzed, and then the search results were filtered, the shortlisted papers were discussed and summarized in Tables 1 and 2.  
   
  4 Objective Function Modification Approaches 4.1 Lexical and Additive Composition WERTGHJ In most cases, using a single metric for OF rank computation degrades other metrics while ensuring fascinating network parameter performances [32]. Thus, this part identifies and evaluates literature-based approaches to constructing superior OF for RPL using combination methods. Lexical Metric Method Lexical composition in RPL combines metrics to create a composite measure for route selection. RPL uses a tree-like component hierarchy with a root node. The lexical composition of routing metrics determines the rank of each network node, which determines its tree location [33]. Additive Metric Method As explained by [34], The additive technique’s aggregated metrics are promoted by DIO messages using a predetermined OF. Aggregated routing metrics from all path nodes are in the DAG Metric Container Object. The additive composition should have this form: w = (a1 ∗ HP) + (a2 ∗ ETX )  
   
  (4)  
   
  Noting that both a1 and a2 are values that must meet both conditions, 0 < = a1, a2 < = 1 and a1 + a2 = 1.  
   
  240  
   
  L. Al-Qaisi et al.  
   
  Many studies examined the effects of lexical and additive methods, [35] proposed EHA-RPL, a composite routing technique that combined ETX, HC, and available energy (AE) using the two methods. Results showed its superior performance. Moreover, [36] applied a lexical and additive composition method informed by learning automata to combine vital routing metrics, including HC, ETX, and traffic-related metric. Focusing on expected transmission energy (ETT) to balance energy in a network helps prevent hotspots and wasteful energy routing. Lazarevska et al. [37] stated that the additive composition strategy is more effective in their research, which balances three metrics. The new OF defines how network nodes create pathways to efficiently and optimally route data packets. Thus, ETX, RE, and RSSI represent the best path computation metrics in the new OF (NEWOF). NEWOF improved EC and total traffic control overhead with a slight decrease in PDR. Furthermore, [38] proposed a new OF based on combining three metrics; RE, the load metric, and ETX. Each node has the least ETX, minimum load, and maximum node RE while selecting the parent and constructing the DODAG from the candidate parent nodes. Results evaluated the proposed OF registered performance improvement by reducing PDR, the packet loss ratio and EC. The Energy and Load aware RPL (EL-RPL) protocol was proposed by [39] to improve RPL. It used an additive route selection method with a composite metric based on ETX, Load, and BDI. The shortest path with the least traffic in EL-RPL is the one with the lowest OF value and transmits data to the DODAG root. The COOJA simulator compared EL-RPL to RERBDI and OF-FL RPL. Results demonstrated that EL-RPL outperformed RERBDI RPL and OF-FL RPL in terms of network lifetime, packet delivery ratio, and end-to-end delay. Also, [40] Smart Energy Efficient OF (SEEOF) was designed to optimize energy consumption and network life. Link quality and lifespan EC were combined to create SEEOF for parent selection. The existing MRHOF with ETX was compared to SEEOF using COOJA. The simulation results showed that SEEOF can extend BPD longevity and balance EC while maintaining PDR. Moreover, a new OF called IRH-OF was designed by [41], choosing RSSI for link reliability and HC for shortest path. Cooja Simulator evaluated both metrics after additively combining them. Compared to standard OF, IRH-OF maintained a PDR of over 98% regardless of network density, reduced the network’s average EC by nearly 45%, and reduced convergence time and latency. Another study by [42] proposed two new OFs, weighted combined metrics objective function (WCM-OF) and non-weighted combined metrics objective function (NWCMOF), based on the additive combination of node EC and link quality ETX, with equal and non-equal weights, respectively, to increase reliability, maximize network lifetime, and decrease parent changes. 4.2 Fuzzy Logic Composition Fuzzy logic is a frequently used heuristic approach to solving complex communication and computer network issues grounded in an AI process as per. The fuzzy logic method has witnessed extensive application in literature to integrate sets of information with dissimilar features. Fuzzy logic uses membership to condense numerous independent  
   
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches  
   
  241  
   
  variables into one result. It classifies data using linguistic variables and determines their relationship as per [43]. The procedures required to implement the fuzzy process model are laid forth in Fig. 1.  
   
  Fig. 1. Fuzzy Interference System (FIS) applied to the output metric.  
   
  • Fuzzification: to create a fuzzy set, one must first “fuzzify” an input variable by defining its membership degree (fuzziness). • Fuzzy inference: permits fuzzified input combination followed by output calculation. • Aggregation: If the results are contingent on multiple rules, they can be aggregated into a single result. • Defuzzification: converts a fuzzy result to a definitive number. It was mentioned by [44], Fuzzy logic allows for more sophisticated decisions. Where a third option is a medium ground between True and False. It works effectively in IoT by considering numerous metrics in a dynamic node deployment context. Fuzzy-based OF(F-OF) was proposed, which included HC, ETX, and RE, improved throughput by 15% and PDR by 14% without reducing energy utilization. Also, a new fuzzy logic OF called (OF-EC) was designed by [6] that combined link and node metrics, especially ETX, HC, and EC, to overcome single-metric limitations. Simulations showed that the novel OF-EC outperforms MRHOF, ENTOT, and OFFUZZY in PDR, network lifetime, convergence time, latency, overhead, and EC. OF-EC maintained RPL’s efficiency regardless of network structure or distance. An opportunistic fuzzy logic based OF (OPP-FL) that accounted for the neighbor load was proposed by [45]. Children Number (CN) was added to the IETF ROLL routing metrics along with ETX and HC metrics. The simulation results revealed that a fuzzy logic-based OF had greater PDR and acceptable delay when the network size expanded without causing substantial traffic overhead compared to MRHOF and OF-EC. As per [46] rapid internode connectivity, low energy usage, and reliable data delivery are signs of improved QoS. Considering this, RPL-FZ fuzzy logic OF has been proposed to make routing decisions based on RE, Delay, and ETX. Fuzzy logic combines metrics into quality, which all neighbor nodes can use. The nearest neighbor with the highest quality value is picked as the ideal parent to send sensed data to the collection unit. COOJA simulations and RPL-FZ integration were done. RPL-FZ outperformed OF0 and MRHOF by 7% in PDR, 8% in EC, and 8% in delay.  
   
  242  
   
  L. Al-Qaisi et al.  
   
  A Combined Metric OF(COM-OF) was proposed by [47], by which several key metrics were integrated to create a load-balanced DODAG to distribute traffic load evenly among nodes and extend network lifetime. The estimated lifetime, number of children, EC, and link reliability were investigated. The Cooja simulator compared COM-OF to OF0 and MRHOF. COM-OF surpassed OF0 and MRHOF by 33% EC reduction, 97% PDR increase, and 45% network lifespan extension. Furthermore, [48] created and proposed the Fuzzy Analytic Hierarchy Process OF (FAHP-OF), a soft criterion decision-making system using Fuzzy Logic and AHP as Multi-Criteria Decision Making (MCDM). This method feeds the Fuzzy system three quantitative metrics—HC, ETX, and RSSI—of a collection of possible parents to evaluate if a node should swap parents. After ranking potential parents by AHP, the highest scorer is chosen. Cooja simulator findings revealed better End-to-End Delay (E2ED) and PDR than standard OF. Moreover, To solve load balancing, fuzzy logic and the well-known multi-criteria decision-making procedure for the order of priority by resemblance to the ideal solution (TOPSIS) were used [49]. This is done using HC, ETX, and RSSI, which are link and node routing metrics. Simulated results showed that this strategy could enhance QoS for PDR and average E2ED. Another study by [50] Another study [50] presented ERAOF, a fuzzy logic OF for RPL. The key goal was low-power, dependable IoT data transmission. ERAOF used EC and ETX routing metrics to determine the best data transmission path. The performance investigation showed that the ERAOF improved PDR without affecting EC or network topology. A fuzzy logic-based energy aware routing protocol (FLEA-RPL) used load, RE, and ETX routing metrics to find the most cost-effective route [51]. A COOJA simulator evaluates the proposed FLEA-RPL’s effectiveness. FLEA-RP increases network longevity by 10–12% and PDR by 2–5% compared to standard RPL, MRHOF-RPL, and FL-RPL.  
   
  5 Discussion As the previous section discussed in-depth enhancement approaches applied on OF for better RPL performance. This section summarizes papers conducted with lexical, additive, and fuzzy logic. Table 1 lists papers using lexical and additive techniques, as most papers did. To combine metrics, ETX and Energy were chosen most. This is because energy is limited in nodes and ETX represents link quality, which affects performance. More importantly, PDR was chosen to assess the offered methodologies’ performance. That’s because it indicates network packet transmission success. All publications used Contiki/Cooja simulator to test the proposed OF because it is reliable for IoT and RPL research. Research papers proposed OF with combined metrics based on fuzzy logic are summarized in Table 2. Most used metrics were HC, ETX and energy either EC or RE, while RSSI and HC metrics were used in fuzzy logic combination studies more than lexical and additive ones. Almost all papers used PDR to evaluate the proposed fuzzy logic OF and E2ED were used for the same purpose more than studies of lexical and additive approaches. Again, the Cooja simulator was the chosen tool to test the proposed work just as in lexical and additive papers.  
   
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches  
   
  243  
   
  Table 1. Summary of papers for Lexical and Additive Composition Ref  
   
  Combined metrics  
   
  Evaluation Metrics  
   
  [35]  
   
  ETX, HC, and AE  
   
  EC, NL, and PDR  
   
  [36]  
   
  HC, ETX, and ETT  
   
  Overhead  
   
  [37]  
   
  ETX, RE and RSSI  
   
  EC, total traffic control overhead and PDR  
   
  [38]  
   
  RE, load and ETX  
   
  PDR, the packet loss ratio and EC  
   
  [39]  
   
  ETX, Load, and BDI  
   
  Network lifetime, PDR, and E2ED  
   
  [40]  
   
  Link quality and EC  
   
  PDR, EC and lifetime  
   
  [41]  
   
  RSSI and HC  
   
  PDR, EC and latency  
   
  [42]  
   
  EC and ETX  
   
  Reliability, Network lifetime and parent changes  
   
  Table 2. Summary of papers for Fuzzy Logic Composition Ref  
   
  Combined metrics  
   
  Evaluation Metrics  
   
  [44]  
   
  HC, ETX and RE  
   
  Throughput and PDR  
   
  [6]  
   
  ETX, HC, and EC  
   
  PDR, network lifetime, convergence time, latency, overhead, and EC  
   
  [45]  
   
  ETX and HC  
   
  PDR and delay  
   
  [46]  
   
  RE, Delay, and ETX  
   
  PDR, EC and delay  
   
  [47]  
   
  Node’s lifetime, Children number, Node’s EC, and Reliability of its links  
   
  PDR, EC and network lifetime  
   
  [48]  
   
  HC, ETX, and RSSI  
   
  E2ED and PDR  
   
  [49]  
   
  HC, ETX, and RSSI  
   
  E2ED and PDR  
   
  [50]  
   
  EC and ETX  
   
  PDR and EC  
   
  [51]  
   
  Load, RE, and ETX  
   
  Network lifetime and PDR  
   
  6 Opportunities and Future Work Most of the enhancement approaches mentioned above were subject to combining two or a maximum of three metrics, and most of them were used in the basic RPL OF, OF0 and MRHOF. Yet, approaches like fuzzy logic might be exploited to include further metrics on multiple levels to improve RPL basic functions such as parent selection. Most importantly, improvements on OF were conducted in terms of load balancing and Quality of services (QoS), while other critical aspects were not studied, discussed, or examined, such as security, which forms one of the most vital challenges facing RPL.  
   
  244  
   
  L. Al-Qaisi et al.  
   
  7 Conclusion As the core of the RPL routing function, this study focused on OF RPL improvement efforts. First, an overview of the RPL protocol’s architecture, DODAG construction, and various traffic patterns was presented. Then, the actions of researchers to improve the RPL protocol were discussed thoroughly. An analysis of collected publications addressing significant RPL OF enhancements was considered. Then categorized into lexical, additive, and fuzzy logic-based approaches for metrics-combination-based OF, which is the prevalent technique. Also, the necessity for future research was stressed to concentrate on the security challenge of RPL and their actual implementation and experimentation. Acknowledgement. This research was supported by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) through the Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (Ref: FRGS/1/2020/ICT03/UUM/02/1). The content of this article is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of MoHE, Malaysia. The authors would also like to extend their gratitude to the Data Management & Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia for their generous support in sponsoring the publication of this article.  
   
  References 1. Lin, J., Yu, W., Zhang, N., Yang, X., Zhang, H., Zhao, W.: A survey on Internet of Things: architecture, enabling technologies, security and privacy, and applications. IEEE Internet Things J. 4, 1125–1142 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/JIOT.2017.2683200 2. Díaz, M., Martín, C., Rubio, B.: State-of-the-art, challenges, and open issues in the integration of Internet of things and cloud computing. J. Netw. Comput. Appl. 67, 99–117 (2016). https:// doi.org/10.1016/j.jnca.2016.01.010 3. Tasneem, B., Wahid, M.: A review of secure routing challenges in low power and lossy networks. In: 2021 International Conference on Communication Technologies (ComTech), pp. 120–125. IEEE (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/ComTech52583.2021.9616966 4. Krishna, G.G., Krishna, G., Bhalaji, N.: Analysis of routing protocol for low-power and lossy networks in IoT real time applications. Procedia Comput. Sci. 87, 270–274 (2016). https:// doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2016.05.160 5. Musaddiq, A., Zikria, Y.B., Zulqarnain, Kim, S.W.: Routing protocol for Low-Power and Lossy Networks for heterogeneous traffic network. EURASIP J. Wirel. Commun. Netw. 2020, 21 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1186/s13638-020-1645-4 6. Lamaazi, H., Benamar, N.: OF-EC: a novel energy consumption aware objective function for RPL based on fuzzy logic. J. Netw. Comput. Appl. 117, 42–58 (2018). https://doi.org/10. 1016/j.jnca.2018.05.015 7. Qasem, M., Al-Dubai, A., Romdhani, I., Ghaleb, B., Gharibi, W.: A new efficient objective function for routing in Internet of Things paradigm. In: 2016 IEEE Conference on Standards for Communications and Networking (CSCN), pp. 1–6. IEEE (2016). https://doi.org/10.1109/ CSCN.2016.7785168 8. Kim, H.-S., Ko, J., Culler, D.E., Paek, J.: Challenging the IPv6 routing protocol for low-power and lossy networks (RPL): a survey. IEEE Commun. Surv. Tutorials. 19, 2502–2525 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/COMST.2017.2751617  
   
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches  
   
  245  
   
  9. Kharrufa, H., Al-Kashoash, H.A.A., Kemp, A.H.: RPL-based routing protocols in IoT applications: a review. IEEE Sens. J. 19, 5952–5967 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1109/JSEN.2019. 2910881 10. Kassab, W., Darabkh, K.A.: A-Z survey of Internet of Things: architectures, protocols, applications, recent advances, future directions and recommendations. J. Netw. Comput. Appl. 163, 102663 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jnca.2020.102663 11. Jeong, S., Park, E., Woo, D., Kim, H.-S., Paek, J., Bahk, S.: MAPLE: mobility support using asymmetric transmit power in low-power and lossy networks. J. Commun. Netw. 20, 414–424 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/JCN.2018.000057 12. Muzammal, S.M., Murugesan, R.K., Jhanjhi, N.Z.: A comprehensive review on secure routing in Internet of Things: mitigation methods and trust-based approaches. IEEE Internet Things J. 8, 4186–4210 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/JIOT.2020.3031162 13. Al-Qaisi, L., Hassan, S., Zakaria, N.H.B.: Secure routing protocol for low power and lossy networks against rank attack: a systematic review. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 13 (2022). https://doi.org/10.14569/IJACSA.2022.0130539 14. Sobral, J.V.V., Rodrigues, J.J.P.C., Rabêlo, R.A.L., Al-Muhtadi, J., Korotaev, V.: Routing protocols for low power and lossy networks in Internet of Things applications. Sensors 19, 2144 (2019). https://doi.org/10.3390/s19092144 15. Sankar, S., Srinivasan, P., Luhach, A.K., Somula, R., Chilamkurti, N.: Energy-aware gridbased data aggregation scheme in routing protocol for agricultural internet of things. Sustain. Comput. Inf. Syst. 28, 100422 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.suscom.2020.100422 16. Kamgueu, P.O., Nataf, E., Ndie, T.D.: Survey on RPL enhancements: a focus on topology, security and mobility. Comput. Commun. 120, 10–21 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.com com.2018.02.011 17. Thubert, P.: Objective Function Zero for the Routing Protocol for Low-Power and Lossy Networks (RPL). https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6552 18. Onwuegbuzie, I.U., Razak, S.A., Isnin, I.F.: Control messages overhead impact on destination oriented directed acyclic graph—a wireless sensor networks objective functions performance comparison. J. Comput. Theor. Nanosci. 17, 1227–1235 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1166/jctn. 2020.8794 19. Winter, T., et al.: RPL: IPv6 routing protocol for low-power and lossy networks. https://www. rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6550.html 20. Gnawali, O., Levis, P.: The minimum rank with hysteresis objective function. https://www. rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6719.html?theme=2019 21. Manvi, S., Shobha, K.R., Vastrad, S.: Performance analysis of routing protocol for low power and lossy networks (RPL) for IoT environment (2023).https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-03124848-1_25 22. Cyriac, R., Durai, M.A.S.: RPL enhancement with mobility-aware two-stage objective function for improving network lifetime in IoT. Int. J. Electron. Bus. 17, 244 (2022). https://doi. org/10.1504/IJEB.2022.124325 23. Jamil, M.Z., Khan, D., Saleem, A., Mehmood, K., Iqbal, A.: Comparative performance analysis of RPL for low power and lossy networks based on different objective functions. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 10, 183–190 (2019). https://doi.org/10.14569/ijacsa.2019.0100524 24. Lemercier, F., Montavont, N.: Performance Evaluation of a RPL Hybrid Objective Function for the Smart Grid Network (2018).https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-00247-3_3 25. Lamaazi, H., Benamar, N.: A novel approach for RPL assessment based on the objective function and trickle optimizations. Wirel. Commun. Mob. Comput. 2019, 1–9 (2019). https:// doi.org/10.1155/2019/4605095 26. Lamaazi, H., Benamar, N., Jara, A.J.: RPL-based networks in static and mobile environment: A performance assessment analysis. J. King Saud Univ. - Comput. Inf. Sci. 30, 320–333 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jksuci.2017.04.001  
   
  246  
   
  L. Al-Qaisi et al.  
   
  27. Abdel Hakeem, S., Hady, A., Kim, H.: RPL routing protocol performance in smart grid applications based wireless sensors: experimental and simulated analysis. Electronics 8, 186 (2019). https://doi.org/10.3390/electronics8020186 28. Bisen, A., Matthew, J.: Performance evaluation of RPL routing protocol for low power lossy networks for IoT environment. In: 2018 International Conference on Circuits and Systems in Digital Enterprise Technology (ICCSDET), pp. 1–8. IEEE (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/ ICCSDET.2018.8821163 29. Hassan, A., Alshomrani, S., Altalhi, A., Ahsan, S.: Improved routing metrics for energy constrained interconnected devices in low-power and lossy networks. J. Commun. Netw. 18, 327–332 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1109/JCN.2016.000048 30. Arksey, H., O’Malley, L.: Scoping studies: towards a methodological framework. Int. J. Soc. Res. Methodol. 8, 19–32 (2005). https://doi.org/10.1080/1364557032000119616 31. Pham, M.T., Raji´c, A., Greig, J.D., Sargeant, J.M., Papadopoulos, A., McEwen, S.A.: A scoping review of scoping reviews: advancing the approach and enhancing the consistency. Res. Synth. Methods. 5, 371–385 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1002/jrsm.1123 32. Alsukayti, I.S., Alreshoodi, M.: Toward an understanding of recent developments in RPL routing. IET Netw. 8, 356–366 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1049/iet-net.2018.5167 33. Ullah, R., Faheem, Y., Kim, B.-S.: Energy and congestion-aware routing metric for smart grid AMI networks in smart city. IEEE Access 5, 13799–13810 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/ ACCESS.2017.2728623 34. Mishra, S.N., Chinara, S.: CA-RPL: A Clustered Additive Approach in RPL for IoT Based Scalable Networks (2019)https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-20615-4_8 35. Mishra, S.N., Elappila, M., Chinara, S.: EHA-RPL: A Composite Routing Technique in IoT Application Networks (2020).https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-15-0029-9_51 36. Anita, C.S., Sasikumar, R.: Learning automata and lexical composition method for optimal and load balanced RPL routing in IoT. Int. J. Ad Hoc Ubiquitous Comput. 40, 288 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1504/IJAHUC.2022.124560 37. Lazarevska, M., Farahbakhsh, R., Shakya, N.M., Crespi, N.: Mobility supported energy efficient routing protocol for IoT based healthcare applications. In: 2018 IEEE Conference on Standards for Communications and Networking (CSCN), pp. 1–5. IEEE (2018). https://doi. org/10.1109/CSCN.2018.8581828 38. Hadaya, N.N., Alabady, S.A.: Improved RPL protocol for low-power and lossy network for IoT environment. SN Comput. Sci. 2, 1–11 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/s42979-021-007 42-1 39. Sankar, S., Srinivasan, P.: Energy and load aware routing protocol for Internet of Things. Int. J. Adv. Appl. Sci. 7, 255 (2018). https://doi.org/10.11591/ijaas.v7.i3.pp255-264 40. Shakya, N.M., Mani, M., Crespi, N.: SEEOF: smart energy efficient objective function: adapting RPL objective function to enable an IPv6 meshed topology solution for battery operated smart meters. In: 2017 Global Internet of Things Summit (GIoTS), pp. 1–6. IEEE (2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/GIOTS.2017.8016252 41. Eloudrhiri Hassani, A., Sahel, A., Badri, A.: IRH-OF: a new objective function for RPL routing protocol in IoT applications. Wirel. Pers. Commun. 119, 673–689 (2021). https://doi. org/10.1007/s11277-021-08230-8 42. Eloudrhiri Hassani, A., Sahel, A., Badri, A.: A new objective function based on additive combination of node and link metrics as a mechanism path selection for RPL protocol. Int. J. Commun. Netw. Inf. Secur. 12, 63–68 (2022). https://doi.org/10.17762/ijcnis.v12i1.4446 43. Zadeh, L.A.: Fuzzy logic. Computer (Long. Beach. Calif) 21, 83–93 (1988). https://doi.org/ 10.1109/2.53 44. Fabian, P., Rachedi, A., Gueguen, C., Lohier, S.: Fuzzy-based objective function for routing protocol in the Internet of Things. In: 2018 IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM), pp. 1–6. IEEE (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/GLOCOM.2018.8647969  
   
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches  
   
  247  
   
  45. Kechiche, I., Bousnina, I., Samet, A.: A novel opportunistic fuzzy logic based objective function for the routing protocol for low-power and lossy networks. In: 2019 15th International Wireless Communications & Mobile Computing Conference (IWCMC), pp. 698–703. IEEE (2019). https://doi.org/10.1109/IWCMC.2019.8766691 46. Kuwelkar, S., Virani, H.G.: Design of an efficient RPL objective function for Internet of Things applications. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 12, 228–235 (2021). https://doi.org/10. 14569/IJACSA.2021.0120625 47. Venugopal, K., Basavaraju, T.G.: A Combined Metric Objective Function for RPL Load Balancing in Internet of Things. 10, 22–31 (2022).https://doi.org/10.5923/j.ijit.20221001.02 48. Koosha, M., Farzaneh, B., Alizadeh, E., Farzaneh, S.: FAHP-OF: a new method for load balancing in rpl-based Internet of Things (IoT). In: 2022 12th International Conference on Computer and Knowledge Engineering (ICCKE), pp. 471–476. IEEE (2022). https://doi.org/ 10.1109/ICCKE57176.2022.9960073 49. Ahmed, A.K., Farzaneh, B., Boochanpour, E., Alizadeh, E., Farzaneh, S.: TFUZZY-OF: a new method for routing protocol for low-power and lossy networks load balancing using multi-criteria decision-making. Int. J. Electr. Comput. Eng. 13, 3474 (2023). https://doi.org/ 10.11591/ijece.v13i3.pp3474-3483 50. Sousa, N., Sobral, J.V.V., Rodrigues, J.J.P.C., Rabêlo, R.A.L., Solic, P.: ERAOF: a new RPL protocol objective function for Internet of Things applications. 2017 2nd Int. Multidiscip. Conf. Comput. Energy Sci. Split. 2017, 1–5 (2017) 51. Sankar, S., Srinivasan, P.: Fuzzy logic based energy aware routing protocol for internet of things. Int. J. Intell. Syst. Appl. 10, 11–19 (2018). https://doi.org/10.5815/ijisa.2018.10.02  
   
  An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy Using a Derived Rule from the Holy Quran Verses Ghaith Abdulsattar A. Jabbar Alkubaisi1(B) , Siti Sakira Kamruddin2,2 and Husniza Husni2,2  
   
  ,  
   
  1 University of Technology and Applied Sciences, Al Khuwair 133, Muscat, Oman  
   
  [email protected]  2 University Utara Malaysia, Sintok, 06010 Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Machine Learning (ML) has become more and more significant in various applications, such as sentiment analysis and topic modelling, due to its ability to handle large volumes of text data and achieve high accuracy. Thus, the accuracy of the classification model using sentiment analysis has gained important heed recently because of its potential to provide valuable insights into customer preferences and public opinions. Accuracy is largely dependent on the quality and quantity of labelled data. This study aims to manifest the impact of label size on classification model accuracy by applying a derived rule from the Holy Quran verses which focuses on the useability of binary classification with two labels and comparing the accuracy models trained on a dataset labelled based on that rule and three-labelled dataset. The results show that the accuracy of the models trained on the binary-labelled dataset was higher than the accuracy of the models trained on the three-labelled dataset. The study’s findings will have implications for future research in ML models by applying the observed semantics from Quranic exegesis and analysis to improve the performance of ML models. Keywords: Machine Learning · Sentiment Analysis · Classification Accuracy  
   
  1 Introduction Developing efficient algorithms and models capable of learning from data and making predictions or decisions based on patterns and relationships specified in the data [1] has become a significant focal point in the realm of Machine Learning (ML). ML’s capacity to handle vast and intricate datasets while streamlining decision-making processes has contributed to its widespread adoption across diverse sectors, including healthcare, finance, manufacturing, and others [2]. ML algorithms can be broadly classified into three categories: supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and reinforcement learning, each possessing distinct advantages and limitations [3]. Despite the remarkable performance of ML models in various tasks, achieving high accuracy remains a substantial challenge. The quality, quantity, representativeness, and diversity of data used for training are key factors influencing ML models’ accuracy [4, © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 248–259, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_19  
   
  An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy  
   
  249  
   
  5]. Inadequate or biased data, along with insufficient label size, can lead to model underfitting or overfitting, resulting in poor generalization and low accuracy on unseen data [4–7]. Accuracy plays a crucial role in classification models as it assesses the model’s ability to accurately assign the correct label or class to new data. Misclassification in real-world applications can result in serious consequences, such as financial losses or harm to individuals, underscoring the significance of high accuracy [8, 9]. To ensure the effectiveness and reliability of classification models, achieving high accuracy is of utmost importance. As a result, researchers and practitioners continuously explore novel techniques and approaches, such as data preprocessing, feature selection, model selection, and labelling processes, among others, to enhance classification models’ accuracy [10, 11]. The accuracy of a classification model can be significantly influenced by the label or target variable’s size. As previously mentioned, using varying numbers of labels, such as two, three, or multiple labels on the same dataset, can have different impacts on classification accuracy. Notably, the utilization of binary labels has been demonstrated to enhance classification model accuracy compared to three-labelled datasets. This finding is supported by a rule derived from specific Quranic verses, which highlight the existence of only two classes for every word: positive and negative, without any additional categories. The relevant verses are 24 and 26 of Surah Ibrahim in the Quran (14:24 and 26) (Translation by [12]):  
   
  Have you not considered how Allah presents an example, [making] a good word like a good tree, whose root is firmly fixed and its branches [high] in the sky (24).  
   
  And the example of a bad word is like a bad tree, uprooted from the surface of the earth, not having any stability (26). In the context of data science and ML, this analogy emphasizes the importance of utilizing high-quality labelled data in classification tasks. Binary labels, in particular, simplify the classification task, reduce noise and ambiguity in the labelled data, and consequently lead to higher accuracy in ML models. The Quranic verses provide compelling semantic insights into the significance of data quality and label quantity in classification tasks, thereby suggesting the potential benefits of incorporating binary labels in ML models. This study leverages the semantic meanings extracted from the aforementioned Quranic verses to compare the performance of classification models using binary and three labels on the exact dataset. The evaluation takes into account various factors, such as class distribution, data quality, and the complexity of classification problems. The primary focus of this study is to assess the performance of models in terms of their accuracy, precision, and recall.  
   
  250  
   
  G. A. A. J. Alkubaisi et al.  
   
  From a standpoint of contribution and uniqueness, this study presents an innovative method for examining how the number of labels affects classification accuracy. Specifically, the practical application of semantic interpretations extracted from verses in the Holy Quran supports the notion that words can be classified into just two categories: positive and negative. This approach offers a fresh perspective on the matter and emphasizes the potential of incorporating semantic interpretations from Holy Quran verses into data science and ML research.  
   
  2 Literature Review In this section, an overview of recent studies concerning the utilization of binary and multi-label datasets in ML classification models is presented. Labelling features constitutes a common practice in classification models, and the effectiveness of these feature labels in enhancing the accuracy of various classifiers has been the subject of several investigations. To offer a comprehensive review of the current state of research, the section summarizes recent studies that employed widely adopted ML techniques, including Naive Bayes (NB), Support Vector Machines (SVM), and Decision Trees (DT), to assess the efficacy of binary labelled datasets in comparison to datasets with three or more labels. 2.1 Overview Understanding the impact of label size on text classification model accuracy holds significance for several reasons. Firstly, it aids in optimizing resource allocation by determining the minimal labelled data required to attain a desired level of accuracy. This is crucial, as labelling substantial data volumes can be both time-consuming and costly. Secondly, it assists in assessing model generalizability and detecting potential biases or errors. Models trained on a limited set of labelled data may fail to fully represent the diversity and intricacy of the target domain. Understanding the relationship between label size and model accuracy empowers researchers and practitioners to evaluate model generalizability [13, 14]. Furthermore, it enables them to pinpoint methods for enhancing model performance by selecting the most effective training data and refining the model architecture. This holds particular importance in the realm of text classification models, extensively employed in applications such as sentiment analysis and spam filtering. Lastly, comprehending this relationship contributes to the development and refinement of theories regarding text classification’s nature and the factors influencing model performance. Such insights can lead to fresh discoveries within the broader domains of Natural Language Processing (NLP) and ML [13, 14]. This study investigates how the size of labels affects the accuracy of text classification models. This exploration holds significance as it can guide decisions regarding the requisite amount of labelled data for efficient training of text classifiers. The existing understanding of this subject is encapsulated in the literature review, which scrutinizes prior research endeavors in this domain. Subsection 2.2 subsequently conducts an in-depth analysis of each study, encompassing their headings, goals, theoretical underpinnings, methodologies, outcomes, and conclusions, along with offering insights and recommendations derived from these studies.  
   
  An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy  
   
  251  
   
  2.2 Related Work The research by Shamantha, Shetty, and Rai [15] focuses on conducting sentiment analysis of tweets and reviews shared on Twitter. Its objective is to categorize opinions expressed in the text as positive, negative, or neutral. ML classifiers, including Naïve Bayes, Random Forest, and Support Vector Machine (SVM), are employed to assess sentiments using specific keywords. The theoretical framework of this work is rooted in sentiment analysis, a subset of natural language processing (NLP). The methodology blends techniques from NLP and ML to carry out sentiment analysis, involving the identification of particular keywords in tweets and reviews to discern expressed sentiment. Classifier performance is measured in terms of accuracy, precision, and processing time. Additionally, feature selection is applied to pinpoint the most relevant aspects for sentiment analysis. The results indicate that the NB Classifier outperforms the other two classifiers in both accuracy and speed. Moreover, concerning sentiment model performance, the study suggests that employing binary labels for sentiment analysis of tweets or reviews can be a beneficial approach for gauging overall sentiment as it simplifies classification and reduces complexity. Similarly, with binary labels, text sentiment can be categorized as either positive or negative, facilitating result interpretation. Additionally, binary labels prove valuable when text sentiment isn’t distinctly positive or negative, enabling a more nuanced sentiment analysis. As well, Wang and Wang [16] emphasize the need to safeguard plant biodiversity, which necessitates the identification of plant species. However, traditional plant species identification is challenging for the general public and even experts. In response, the study presents a few-shot learning method for leaf classification with a small sample size based on the Siamese network framework. The neural network architecture in this study consists of two identical subnetworks that share weights and distinguish between similar and dissimilar inputs. To extract features from two distinct images, a Siamese network structure is used, involving a parallel two-way Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). The learned metric space is then used for leaf classification with a K-Nearest Neighbor (KNN) classifier. The loss function used to generate this metric space aims to place analogous leaf samples close together and different leaf samples far apart. Additionally, the study proposes a Spatial Structure Optimizer (SSO) method to enhance leaf classification accuracy. The proposed method is evaluated on three datasets (Flavia, Swedish, and Leafsnap). Despite the limited size of supervised samples, it achieves high classification accuracy. The proposed method’s effectiveness is evaluated using the average classification accuracy as a performance metric and it achieves high accuracy with a small size of supervised samples. The use of the SSO method further enhances the accuracy of leaf classification. However, the study does not provide a comparison of the proposed method with other state-of-the-art methods for leaf classification, which may limit its applicability. Despite this limitation, the proposed method shows promise as a solution for leaf classification with a small sample size. The use of binary labels in the Siamese network suggests a recommendation for future studies.  
   
  252  
   
  G. A. A. J. Alkubaisi et al.  
   
  Similarly, in their study, Xiao, Huang, Chen, and Jing [17] present a Label-Specific Attention Network (LSAN) for multi-label text classification, a crucial task in text mining that involves categorizing a single document into several topics. The LSAN utilizes label semantic information to establish the semantic relationship between labels and documents, creating label-specific document representations. The self-attention mechanism identifies label-specific document representations using document content information. An adaptive fusion strategy seamlessly integrates these two components, creating comprehensive label-specific document representations that can be used to build multi-label text classifiers. The LSAN is presented as a theoretical framework that constructs label-specific document representations using label semantic information and establishes a semantic connection between labels and documents. The self-attention mechanism identifies label-specific document representations using document content information. The adaptive fusion strategy seamlessly integrates the two components, creating comprehensive label-specific document representations that can be used to build multi-label text classifiers. The LSAN methodology involves extracting label-related elements from each document using both document content and label texts and adaptively extracting relevant information from both aspects. The classification model can be trained using the fused label-specific document representations. The study provides a detailed explanation of the LSAN architecture and the training process. In terms of performance, the LSAN beats the state-of-the-art methods on four different datasets, especially on the prediction of low-frequency labels using binary labels. Moreover, Alrehili and Albalawi [18] have highlighted the importance of customer reviews in e-commerce and online shopping. Specifically, they aimed to conduct sentiment analysis on a set of customer reviews gathered from Amazon. The sentiment analysis approach employed classified each review into either a positive or negative class. To achieve greater accuracy in classification, the study utilized an ensemble ML method called the Voting algorithm, which combined the results of five different classifiers. To assess the proposed model against five classifiers, we tested six different scenarios using unigram, bigram, and trigram models, both with and without stop word removal. The study’s theoretical framework centers on sentiment analysis, entailing the categorization of customer reviews as either positive or negative. The methodology employed involved gathering customer reviews from Amazon and applying the Voting algorithm, an ensemble ML technique, to classify each review. This research aimed to offer insights into the significance of customer reviews in online shopping and e-commerce. The voting algorithm blends five distinct classifiers, namely NB, SVM, Random Forest, Bagging, and Boosting, to enhance the accuracy of classifying customer reviews. The research reveals that ensemble ML techniques, with particular emphasis on the Voting algorithm, prove highly proficient in discerning positive and negative customer feedback. By combining the results of these classifiers, the Voting algorithm achieves higher accuracy in classification. The study shows that using the Random forest technique with unigram and stop word removal provides the highest accuracy rate of 89.87%. However, in other scenarios, the Voting algorithm outperforms other methods. The research  
   
  An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy  
   
  253  
   
  focuses on binary labels, which categorize customer reviews as either positive or negative. The ensemble ML approach aims to classify each review into one of these two categories. Based on the study’s experiments, the ensemble ML method, particularly the Voting algorithm, is suggested for accurate classification of customer reviews as positive or negative. Likewise, Hartmann, Huppertz, Schamp, and Heitmann [19] discuss the growth of unstructured text data on online social media platforms and the need for methods to automatically classify this data at large scales. The study compares the performance of ten different approaches for automatically classifying unstructured text data, including five lexicon-based methods and five ML algorithms. The study covers 41 social media datasets from various platforms, sample sizes, and languages. The goal is to determine which methods perform best in terms of correctly identifying sentiment and other researcher-defined content categories. The study describes the methods used to compare the performance of different approaches for automatically classifying unstructured text data from social media platforms. The authors used a variety of datasets from different social media platforms, sample sizes, and languages to evaluate the performance of five lexicon-based methods and five ML algorithms. The study provides a detailed description of the methods used to preprocess the data, train, and test the models, and evaluate their performance. The authors also discuss the limitations of their study and suggest directions for future research. After conducting the study, the results indicate that the random forest or NB algorithms were the most effective in correctly uncovering human intuition for all tasks using binary labelled datasets. In contrast, the SVM algorithm never performed better than the other methods. Furthermore, the lexicon-based approaches, especially Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count, were not as successful as ML methods in terms of performance. Correspondingly, Farisi, Sibaroni, and Al Faraby [20] conducted a study on classifying hotel reviews as positive or negative. They emphasized the importance of online reviews in the tourism industry and compared different models using preprocessing, feature extraction, and feature selection to achieve the best results. The study is based on the Multinomial NB Classifier method, which is a probabilistic algorithm used for text classification. They collected hotel reviews from various online sources and preprocessed the data by removing stop words, stemming, and converting the text to lowercase. The authors used different feature extraction and selection techniques to represent the text data and select the most relevant features for classification. They evaluated the performance of the different models using metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score, and achieved the best results using preprocessing and feature selection with 10-fold cross-validation, with an average F1-score of over 91%. The study concluded that the use of binary labels is recommended for classifying hotel reviews, and the Multinomial NB Classifier method was effective in distinguishing between positive and negative reviews. Furthermore, Saifullah, Fauziyah, and Aribowo [21] examine the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused anxiety and uncertainty for everyone, including the government and the community in Indonesia. The study aims to detect anxiety in social media comments related to government programs for dealing with the pandemic using machine learning. However, the study is based on the concept of sentiment  
   
  254  
   
  G. A. A. J. Alkubaisi et al.  
   
  analysis, which is a common approach used in NLP to identify and extract subjective information from text. In addition, it discusses the use of ML methods, which are widely used in sentiment analysis tasks. Therefore, the theoretical framework of this study can be considered as the combination of sentiment analysis and ML. The study utilized six ML methods, which were K-NN, Bernoulli, DT Classifier, Support Vector Classifier, Random Forest, and XG-Boost. YouTube comments were crawled to gather the data sample, and the ML methods were processed using countvectorization and TF-IDF for feature extraction. Results indicated that the Random Forest method with feature extraction of vectorization count and TF-IDF was the most accurate in detecting anxiety with an accuracy rate of 84.99% and 82.63%, respectively. Furthermore, binary labels (negative and positive) were recommended for identifying anxiety in social media comments related to government programs aimed at dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic. Also, Onan [22] investigates the utilization of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) in distance education and proposes an effective sentiment classification scheme for MOOC reviews. The study employs both ensemble learning and deep learning paradigms to achieve superior predictive performance. It evaluates the performance of various traditional supervised, ensemble, and deep learning methods, as well as different text representation and word-embedding schemes for sentiment analysis on MOOC evaluations. Additionally, the study provides a detailed analysis of a corpus containing 66,000 MOOC reviews. Indeed, they found that deep learning-based architectures outperformed other methods, with the highest accuracy reached by using long short-term memory networks in conjunction with the GloVe word-embedding scheme-based representation, with a classification accuracy of 95.80%. Finally, the study recommends using binary labels for sentiment classification in MOOC reviews. The researchers used binary labels to classify each review as either positive or negative sentiment and achieved high predictive performance using deep learning-based architectures. In summary, the reviewed studies indicate that binary labels prove highly advantageous for specific classification tasks. Hence, it is advisable to employ binary labelling whenever feasible. Binary labelling is favoured over using three or more classes as it consistently yields more precise and dependable outcomes. Additionally, it streamlines the classification process and minimizes computational expenses, enhancing efficiency, particularly with extensive datasets. Nonetheless, it remains crucial to assess the unique demands and attributes of each classification task before selecting the appropriate labelling strategy.  
   
  3 Experimental Design and Implementation The goal of this study is to empirically explore the influence of label size on the accuracy of classification models. This will be achieved by contrasting the performance of models trained on a dataset labelled according to a rule derived from Holy Quran verses with those trained on a three-label dataset. This section outlines the experimental design and implementation of the study, encompassing the datasets employed, the classification algorithms utilized, and the evaluation metrics. Additionally, it elaborates on the  
   
  An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy  
   
  255  
   
  measures taken to guarantee the accuracy and reliability of the obtained results. Figure 1 below shows the experimental model.  
   
  Fig. 1. Experimental Model.  
   
  The implemented model consisted of several stages, including dataset preparation, text preprocessing, feature extraction, classification, and evaluation. In the dataset preparation stage, a set of 3,000 customer reviews was collected. The reviews were then labelled first based on the derived rule from Holy Quran verses, resulting in a binarylabelled dataset (positive and negative), and secondly, based on three labels, resulting in a three-labelled dataset (positive, negative, and neutral). Next, the text preprocessing stage was performed to clean and normalize the text data. This stage involved several techniques, such as tokenization, stop-word removal, and stemming. Feature extraction was then performed to transform the text data into numerical vectors that could be used as input for the classification model. The feature extraction technique used was the Bag-of-Words (BoW) model. During the classification phase, the dataset underwent division into training and testing sets. Various models, namely NB, SVM, and DT, were employed for training and testing on both binary-labeled and three-labeled datasets. To gauge each model’s performance, evaluation metrics such as accuracy, precision, and recall were utilized. Accuracy signifies the model’s capability to correctly classify instances across all classes. It is determined by the ratio of correctly classified instances to the total number of instances [5]. Additionally, precision measures the proportion of instances correctly classified as positive among all instances labelled as positive by the model. This metric is calculated by dividing true positives by the sum of true positives and false positives [6]. Conversely, recall assesses the proportion of instances correctly classified as positive out of all actual positive instances. It is computed by dividing true positives by the sum of true positives and false negatives [7].  
   
  4 Results and Discussion In this section, the results of experiments comparing the performance of binary-label and three-label classification models with a customer review dataset are presented. The study evaluated the performance of three algorithms (NB, SVM, and DT) on both a balanced and an imbalanced dataset. Results for the binary-label model are shown first in Tables 1 and 2, which display all metrics for each algorithm on both balanced and  
   
  256  
   
  G. A. A. J. Alkubaisi et al.  
   
  imbalanced datasets. Results for the three-label model are then presented in the same manner in Tables 3 and 4. Table 1. Binary-label balanced dataset. Model  
   
  Accuracy  
   
  Precision  
   
  Recall  
   
  NB  
   
  0.8700  
   
  0.8719  
   
  0.8672  
   
  SVM  
   
  0.9183  
   
  0.9218  
   
  0.9149  
   
  DT  
   
  0.8467  
   
  0.8494  
   
  0.8465  
   
  Table 2. Binary-label imbalanced dataset. Model  
   
  Accuracy  
   
  Precision  
   
  Recall  
   
  NB  
   
  0.8833  
   
  0.9123  
   
  0.8435  
   
  SVM  
   
  0.9283  
   
  0.9402  
   
  0.9209  
   
  DT  
   
  0.8567  
   
  0.8708  
   
  0.8446  
   
  Table 3. Three-label balanced dataset. Model  
   
  Accuracy  
   
  Precision  
   
  Recall  
   
  NB  
   
  0.8583  
   
  0.8576  
   
  0.8623  
   
  SVM  
   
  0.9050  
   
  0.9037  
   
  0.9089  
   
  DT  
   
  0.8200  
   
  0.8196  
   
  0.8192  
   
  Table 4. Three-label imbalanced dataset. Model  
   
  Accuracy  
   
  Precision  
   
  Recall  
   
  NB  
   
  0.8717  
   
  0.8723  
   
  0.8733  
   
  SVM  
   
  0.9128  
   
  0.9109  
   
  0.9205  
   
  DT  
   
  0.8222  
   
  0.8236  
   
  0.8209  
   
  Following the presentation of the results in Tables 1–4, the subsequent Sects. (4.1 to 4.4) provide in-depth analysis and explanations for the observed outcomes. 4.1 Comparison of Binary-Label and Three-Label Models The presented results demonstrate that the binary-label model consistently outperforms the three-label model across all metrics in both datasets. For instance, in the balanced  
   
  An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy  
   
  257  
   
  dataset, the binary-label model achieved higher accuracy (NB: 0.8700 vs. 0.8583), (SVM: 0.9183 vs. 0.9050), and (DT: 0.8467 vs. 0.8200) compared to the three-label model. Similarly, in the imbalanced dataset, the binary-label model exhibited better accuracy (NB; 0.8833 vs. 0.8717), (SVM: 0.9283 vs. 0.9128), and (DT: 0.8567 vs. 0.8222) compared to the three-label model. 4.2 Effectiveness of Binary-Label Model The results strongly suggest that a binary-label model trained on a dataset labelled based on a derived rule from the Holy Quran verses may be a more effective approach to sentiment analysis than a three-label model. The binary-label model consistently achieves higher accuracy and performs better in correctly identifying positive and negative sentiments. 4.3 Importance of Dataset Balancing The findings also highlight the importance of dataset balancing. Using a balanced dataset significantly improves the performance of both binary-label and three-label models. The binary-label model benefits from dataset balancing, achieving enhanced precision and recall, while the three-label model also exhibits improved accuracy, precision, and recall. 4.4 Implications for Sentiment Analysis and Future Research In summary, this study provides valuable insights into how label size impacts the accuracy of sentiment analysis models. The findings suggest that utilizing binary labels with a balanced dataset and a rule drawn from Holy Quran verses has the potential to enhance sentiment analysis tasks. Furthermore, this study opens the door to future investigations, including exploring alternative labelling rules and examining the influence of dataset size on model performance. To conclude, the presented results and analysis strongly validate the hypothesis that a binary-label model, trained on a balanced dataset using rules from Holy Quran verses, outperforms a three-label model in sentiment analysis. The study’s findings have significant implications for sentiment analysis research and underscore the importance of dataset balancing and rule-based labelling approaches to enhance model accuracy.  
   
  5 Conclusion To sum up, this study’s assessment of classification models using Semantics from the Holy Quran verses illuminates the effect of label quantities on classification accuracy. The study’s practical implications for businesses that utilize sentiment analysis imply that a binary-label model trained on a well-proportioned dataset utilizing the Quranic Semantics principle can result in more accurate outcomes and enhanced customer satisfaction. Further exploration can investigate the utilization of alternative labelling principles and the influence of dataset size on model performance to build on this study’s conclusions.  
   
  258  
   
  G. A. A. J. Alkubaisi et al.  
   
  In conclusion, this study’s approach and outcomes emphasize the importance of taking into account Quranic Semantics in data science research. Nonetheless, it’s essential to recognize that the recommendation to use binary labelling must not be employed indiscriminately in all classification tasks without assessing their specific needs and characteristics.  
   
  References 1. Choi, Y.: GeoAI: Integrating Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning with GIS. Appl. Sci. 13(6), 3895 (2023) 2. Javaid, M., Haleem, A., Singh, R.P., Suman, R., Rab, S.: The significance of machine learning in healthcare: features, pillars, and applications. Int. J. Intell. S 3, 58–73 (2022) 3. Chiche, A., Yitagesu, B.: A systematic review of deep learning and machine learning approaches for part-of-speech tagging. J. Big Data 9(1), 1–25 (2022) 4. Leenings, R., Winter, N.R., Dannlowski, U., Hahn, T.: Recommendations for neuroimaging machine learning benchmarks. Neuroimage 257, 119298 (2022) 5. Hurtado Bodell, M., Magnusson, M., Mützel, S.: A framework for ensuring total corpus quality: from documents to data. Socius 8, 23780231221135524 (2022) 6. Alkubaisi, G. A. A., Kamaruddin, S. S., Husni, H.: A conceptual framework for stock market classification models using sentiment analysis on twitter based on hybrid naive bayes classifiers. Int. J. Eng. Technol. 7(2.14), 57–61 (2018) 7. Alkubaisi, G. A. A. J.: The role of ensemble learning in stock market classification model accuracy enhancement based on naïve bayes classifiers. Int. J. Stat. Probab. 9(1), 1–36 (2020) 8. Alkubaisi, G. A. A. J., Kamaruddin, S. S., Husni, H., Al-Saifi, N. S.: A GCC stock market classification model using sentiment analysis based on HNBCs. Int. J. 9(4) (2020) 9. Raschka, S.: Python Machine Learning (3rd ed.). Packt Publishing Ltd. (2021) 10. Brownlee, J.: Machine Learning Mastery with Python: Understand Your Data, Create Accurate Models, and Work Projects End-to-End. Machine Learning Mastery (2016) 11. Raschka, S., Liu, Y. H., Mirjalili, V., Dzhulgakov, D.: Developing machine learning and deep learning models with python: Machine Learning with PyTorch and Scikit-Learn. Packt Publishing Ltd. (2022) 12. Sahih International: The Quran: English translation and commentary. Retrieved from https:// quran.com/ (2017) 13. Elnagar, A., Al-Debsi, R., Einea, O.: Arabic text classification using deep learning models. Inf. Process. Manage. 57(1), 102121 (2020) 14. Aljedani, N., Alotaibi, R., Taileb, M.: HMATC: hierarchical multi-label Arabic text classification model using machine learning. Egypt. Inf. J. 22(3), 225–237 (2021) 15. Rai, B. S., Shetty, S. M., Rai, P.: Sentiment Analysis Using Machine Learning Classifiers: Evaluation of Performance. In: 9th International Proceedings on Proceedings, pp. 21–25. Publisher, Location (2019) 16. Wang, B., Wang, D.: Plant leaves classification: a few-shot learning method based on Siamese network. IEEE Access 7, 151754–151763 (2019) 17. Xiao, L., Huang, X., Chen, B., Jing, L.: Label-Specific document representation for MultiLabel text classification. In: Proceedings of the 2019 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing and the 9th International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing (EMNLP-IJCNLP), pp. 466–475 (2019) 18. Alrehili, A., Albalawi, K.: Sentiment analysis of customer reviews using ensemble method. In: 2019 3rd International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Applications (ICCIA), pp. 1–6 (2019)  
   
  An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy  
   
  259  
   
  19. Hartmann, J., Huppertz, J., Schamp, C., Heitmann, M.: Comparing automated text classification methods. Int. J. Res. Mark. 36(1), 20–38 (2019) 20. Farisi, A.A., Sibaroni, Y., Al Faraby, S.: Sentiment analysis on hotel reviews using multinomial naïve bayes classifier. J. Phys. Conf. Ser. 1192(1), 012024 (2019) 21. Shoffan, S., Fauziah, Y., Aribowo, A.S.: Comparison of machine learning for sentiment analysis in detecting anxiety based on social media data. arXiv: Computation and Language (2021) 22. Onan, A.: Sentiment analysis on massive open online course evaluations: a text mining and deep learning approach. Comput. Appl. Eng. Educ.. Appl. Eng. Educ. 29(3), 572–589 (2021)  
   
  Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines: Causes, Risk Mitigations, and Real Time Consequences of Failure – A Comprehensive Review Tarwan Kumar Khatri1,3(B) , Manzoor Ahmed Hashmani1,2 Nasir Abdullah5 , and Lukman Ab. Rahim1,2  
   
  , Hasmi Taib4 ,  
   
  1 Department of Computer Science and Information Sciences, Universiti Teknologi  
   
  PETRONAS (UTP), 32610 Seri Iskandar, Perak, Malaysia [email protected]  2 High Performance Cloud Computing Centre (HPC3), UTP, 32610 Seri Iskandar, Perak, Malaysia 3 Department of Computer Science, Bahria University Karachi Campus, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan 4 Floating Production Facilities, Civil and Structural Section, Engineering Department, Group Technical Solutions, Project Delivery & Technology Division, Petroleum Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS), Kaula Lumpur, Selangor, Malaysia 5 Metocean Engineering, Petroleum Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS), Kaula Lumpur, Selangor, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Mooring (Thin) lines are fabricated of polyester ropes, steel wire ropes, and chains. These are considered the essential components which are used to secure offshore marine vessels and floating facilities by keeping them in a fixed place and resisting external loads. However, the failure of any mooring lines because of anomalies can cause severe consequences including financial losses, loss of life, and harm to the environment. Thus, it is essential to determine the anomalies in mooring lines beforehand to ascertain reliable and safe offshore mooring operations. This paper furnishes a comprehensive review of various types of anomalies in mooring lines with their underlying causes, and risk mitigation tactics. Furthermore, the types of mooring lines including polyester ropes, chain, and steel wire ropes have been discussed with their advantages and disadvantages. Additionally, the real-time consequences of failure in mooring lines are explored which occur due to the anomalies in the mooring lines including but not limited to environmental damage, vessel drift, and collision. In order to reduce the risks associated with mooring line anomalies, this review concludes by summarizing the major findings and emphasizing the significance of proactive monitoring and maintenance. Keywords: Anomalies in Mooring Lines · Mooring Systems · Mooring (Thin) Line Failure  
   
  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 260–273, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_20  
   
  Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines  
   
  261  
   
  1 Introduction Mooring systems consist of mooring (Thin) lines that are used to keep floating structures and the offshore vessel stationary in deep water during the unloading of the hydrocarbon production. These offshore vessels shape like ships or boats. The mooring lines are disseminated into polyester or fiber ropes, chain, and steel wire ropes, and such types are utilized to fix a floating vessel in one place by connecting the mooring lines to the vessel which is further anchored to the seafloor [1]. However, mooring systems are used to prevent the offshore floating structure from drifting and to keep the vessels fixed from being affected due to the external force that offshore waves, currents, and strong winds may cause. Mooring systems fall under numerous categories which are considered based on the length, floating structure type, offshore water depth, and external sea conditions. Besides, many factors are involved in the design of the mooring system such as seabed constitution, length of the mooring ropes, and the strength of the anchors and weight [2]. However, the maintenance and the proper installation of the mooring systems are critical for protecting the marine environment and keeping the vessel safe [3]. Mooring lines have great importance in the offshore marine environment and failure of any line in the mooring system due to anomalies in the mooring lines can cause severe consequences. The anomalies in the mooring lines induce a substantial risk to the safety of the floating facilities. These anomalies are posed by numerous factors that may include poor maintenance, broken wires or chains, corrosion, and loose connections [4]. These issues can lead to a loss of stability or position of the vessel or structure, increasing the risk of collisions or damage to equipment, and posing a threat to the safety of personnel onboard. Besides, if a mooring line fails due to the existence of an anomaly in the mooring systems, it can cause the vessel or offshore structure to drift, potentially colliding with other vessels, structures, or even shorelines, resulting in severe damage or loss of life [4, 5]. Additionally, failure in the mooring system can cause hydrocarbon spills, leading to environmental damage and financial losses. Furthermore, the failure of a single mooring line can result in increased tension on the remaining mooring lines, potentially causing them to fail as well, leading to a catastrophic situation. Therefore, it is essential to regularly inspect, monitor and maintain mooring lines and address anomalies promptly to prevent any potential safety or environmental risks caused by the failure of the mooring system [6]. Before monitoring and addressing the anomalies in mooring lines, it is crucial to identify the different types of anomalies in mooring lines with their causes and risk mitigation strategies [4]. However, no comprehensive review paper defines the various anomalies in different types of mooring lines except [1, 7], along with their underlying causes and prevention. Besides, no real-time consequences of failure in mooring lines have been discussed in the literature except for a few instances in [8]. Therefore, this paper comprehensively reviews anomalies in different types of mooring lines, including polyester ropes, chains, and steel wire ropes, along with their underlying causes and risk mitigation strategies, as part of mooring systems. Additionally, the paper explores the real-time consequences of mooring line failure due to anomalies in the offshore marine environment, including vessel drift, collision, and environmental damage.  
   
  262  
   
  T. K. Khatri et al.  
   
  Furthermore, these objectives have been accomplished by an extensive analysis of research articles, existing studies, publications, and reports associated with the various types of mooring lines and their anomalies, causes, risk tactics, and real-life consequences of line failure. However, the said comprehensive information has been gathered by searching prestigious databases, conference proceedings, academic journals, and industry reports which have been found available through online sources and other technical websites. To the best of our knowledge, this paper represents the first attempt to comprehensively review the different anomalies in various types of mooring lines with their underlying causes and risk mitigation strategies while also discussing their real-time reported consequences of failure. This review paper is structured into the following sections. Section 2 describes the anomalies in mooring systems, their underlying causes, and risk mitigation strategies. A comparative analysis is also depicted in this section based on the advantages and drawbacks of each type of mooring line. The real-time reported consequences of failure in mooring lines are demonstrated in Sect. 3 with some examples. Finally, the entire study is concluded in Sect. 4.  
   
  2 Anomalies in Mooring Lines Mooring (Thin) lines normally comprise polyester or fiber ropes, steel wire ropes, and the chain. Each form of these mooring lines is thoroughly discussed in the following subsections with respect to the different types of anomalies in various sorts of mooring lines, their underlying causes, and the risk prevention tactics. Properly implementing the risk mitigation tactics can prevent the mooring lines from failing and may also assure the marine vessels’ reliable and safe mooring operation. Furthermore, Table 1 presents a comparative analysis aimed at selecting the most suitable mooring lines solution from among all available types, based on their respective advantages, and disadvantages in the context of mooring systems. 2.1 Anomalies in Polyester Mooring Ropes Fiber ropes are utilized in mooring operations in a wide range because of their durability, ability to withstand abrasion, and great strength. Even so, these ropes may still fail in a case when not maintained in the right manner or if they are experienced with specific anomalies. The following subsections discuss typical anomalies by which the polyester ropes are caused to fail when the mooring operations are carried out. Cut or Abrasion Damage. Abrasion takes place when the polyester ropes are rubbed in contact with the seafloor, other fiber ropes, or hull. It induces the fibers in the ropes to undergo scratches and wear which may result in undermining the structure of the ropes and can be susceptible to failure or breakage in the mooring rope. Abrasion in ropes can be caused by various factors, including but not limited to the rough sea, strong current, and acute edges of the surface by which the rope is rubbed [9]. Furthermore, some examples of damage in the fiber ropes are shown in Fig. 1. To mitigate the risk of such failure, obviating contact with abrasive surfaces or rough seas is essential. Besides the ropes need to be cautiously inspected to identify the damage  
   
  Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines  
   
  263  
   
  or wear signs. In case of abrasion is observed, it must be either replaced with new material or completely removed to assure the unity of the rope. Thorough storage of the rope aids in precluding abrasion by storing the rope on a reel or drum from being tangled and avoiding rubbing the rope in contact with other surfaces [10]. UV Degradation. The exposure of sunlight to the polyester rope causes the fibers of the mooring rope to collapse overtime because of ultraviolet (UV) radiation in the sunlight that breaks down the fibers of the mooring rope which result in deterioration of the rope strength and may be susceptible to fail [11]. To mitigate the risk of such type of failure, placing the mooring ropes away from sunlight is significant when these are not in function. Chemical Damage. The damage to polyester mooring ropes is done when the ropes are in contact with solvent and oil chemicals which causes the fibers of the ropes to become weak and increases the chances of the rope failing [12]. The risk of such failure can be mitigated by obviating the leakage and spilling of oil close to mooring ropes. Besides, the ropes should be stored in a dry and well-ventilated area when they are not functioning.  
   
  Fig. 1. Polyester rope cut or abrasion damages [13].  
   
  Knotting. The fibers in the polyester ropes are compressed and deformed when the rope is knotted. Over time, this anomaly weakens the rope and makes it more susceptible to failure [14]. The risk of such an anomaly can be mitigated by avoiding the knot that may create unneeded stress on the rope [15]. Manufacturing Defects. The structure of the rope can be weakened due to the manufacturing defects in the polyester ropes. These defects may contain wear spots, defects  
   
  264  
   
  T. K. Khatri et al.  
   
  in the construction of the rope, or incompatibility in the fibers [16]. The risk of these defects can be mitigated by utilizing good quality mooring ropes that are constructed and produced by good manufacturers [15, 16]. Heat Damage. Polyester mooring lines are caused by heat damage which fails the mooring rope. When a rope is subjected to extreme temperatures, heat damage happens. Hot surfaces induce this anomaly, the friction generated by the motion of the fiber rope through equipping and the exposure to flames [7, 17]. It is crucial to place the ropes away from the heat origins to mitigate the heat damage anomaly in the fiber mooring rope. Besides, the ropes must be avoided in close contact with the hot surfaces and flames. In addition, it is very important to inspect the rope regularly to determine the signs of heat damage which may include melting of the fibers. To reduce the risk of failure, the rope must be replaced immediately if heat dam-age is suspected [18].  
   
  2.2 Anomalies in Steel Wire Mooring Ropes Steel wire ropes are utilized in mooring operations in a wide range because of their durability and great strength. Even so, these ropes may still fail in a case when not maintained in the right manner or if they are experienced with specific anomalies. The following subsections discuss typical anomalies by which the steel wire ropes are caused to fail when the mooring operations are carried out. Corrosion Fatigue. Coronary fatigue happens when steel wire is brought out to a corrosive environment and undergoes cyclic loading during mooring operations. Multiple factors can spread the small cracks in the wires and lead to the wire rope failure [1, 7]. The risk of corrosion fatigue can be mitigated by regularly inspecting the steel wire ropes to get the sign of corrosion and obviate revealing the mooring lines to extravagant loads. Steel Corrosion Cracking. Steel corrosion cracking happens when the steel wire ropes are subjected to high tension. Steel corrosion cracking causes cracks in the steel wire ropes when the mooring lines are exposed to high loads for an extensive delay [19]. To mitigate the risk of steel corrosion cracking, it is significant to determine the corrosion signs by regular inspection and avoid disclosing the line under high tension [20]. Human Error. Humans can also be part of the failure of steel wire mooring ropes. Wrong storage and handling of the mooring lines, absence of regular inspection of the mooring lines, and improper training of the staff are the factors that may lead to problems that enhance the chances of failure in the mooring line [1]. Establishing accurate processes, inspection, and monitoring procedures is crucial to reduce the risk of human error. Furthermore, proper training and supervision are necessary for the staff who perform mooring operations [20]. Vibration. When the frequency of vibration coincides with the natural frequency of the steel wire then the steel wire is more likely to become worn out and break. Over time, the lines are caused to fail [20]. The risk of such anomaly can be mitigated by measuring the length and the load of the mooring lines properly and obviating the reveal of mooring lines to the high frequency of vibrations [21].  
   
  Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines  
   
  265  
   
  Environmental Factors. Exposure to sunlight that causes to generate ultraviolet radiation may weaken the steel wire mooring ropes. Over time, it may enhance the chances of failure in steel wire rope [7, 20]. To prevent environmental degradation, inspecting the mooring lines for signs of damage regularly and storing the lines in a cool, dry, and protected environment when not in use [20]. Creep. Creep occurs when the wire is under a constant load for an extended period, which can cause slow, permanent deformation of the wire [21]. To prevent creep, it is important to properly size the mooring lines and avoid exposing them to excessive loads for extended periods [1]. Manufacturing Defects. Manufacturing defects can occur during the wire drawing process, heat treatment, or quality control procedures. These defects can cause weaknesses in the wire, leading to failure over time [7]. To prevent manufacturing defects, it is important to work with reputable manufacturers and inspect the mooring lines for any signs of defects before using them [20]. Overloading and Broken Wires. Overloading occurs when the mooring lines are subjected to loads that exceed their capacity. This can cause the wire to stretch, deform, or even break. Very few amounts of broken wires in a steel rope at termination show high tension. This may be because of inaccurate fixing of the steel rope at the endpoints, managed badly at the time of recovery and deployment, some fatigue, or the due to overloading [22]. The local damage is caused by broken wires which are grouped in a neighboring strand or one strand. This is considered the worst situation when finding such a breakage of steel wire rope and this constraint can disturb the load balance that is conveyed by steel rope strands as shown in Fig. 2. To prevent overloading, it is important to properly size the mooring lines for the vessel and operating conditions and to avoid exposing the lines to extreme weather conditions or other sources of excessive loading [22].  
   
  Fig. 2. Broken wires at wire rope endpoint [1].  
   
  2.3 Anomalies in Mooring Chains Mooring chains are commonly used in mooring operations due to their high strength and durability. However, these chains can still fail if they are not properly maintained or if they are subjected to certain anomalies. Some of the common anomalies that can cause mooring chains to fail during mooring operations include:  
   
  266  
   
  T. K. Khatri et al.  
   
  Corrosion. Corrosion is a chemical reaction between metal and its environments, such as saltwater or moisture. Corrosion can lead to the loss of metal mass, weakening the chain’s structural integrity, and eventually causing it to fail. Corrosion can be accelerated by factors such as high humidity, exposure to saltwater, and extreme temperatures. Regular inspection and maintenance of the mooring chains are essential to detect and address any corrosion promptly [23]. Chemical reactions between the material and the environment can cause rust and corrosion. Expanding marine life may also increase the need for new mooring lines to pre-vent failure [7]. The mooring chains are typically found with corrosion in the splash zone as demonstrated in Fig. 3 (a and b). It is very belligerent to have a corrosion rate greater than 1 mm per year by relying on the temperate of the seafloor and the quality [1].  
   
  Fig. 3. Mooring chain with dense corrosion [1].  
   
  The submerged chains can also cause the prominent cavities in the top field of the water as shown in Fig. 4 (a and b). The unreasonable corrosion enhances the chances of mooring chain failure from fatigue or when being overloaded [1].  
   
  Fig. 4. Mooring chain with heavy corrosion cavities [1].  
   
  Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines  
   
  267  
   
  Fatigue. Fatigue failure occurs when a material is subjected to repeated loading and unloading. This repeated stress can cause small cracks to develop in the material, which can eventually grow into larger cracks that weaken the chain and cause it to fail. The risk of fatigue failure can be reduced by ensuring that the mooring chains are designed and manufactured to withstand repeated stress cycles and that the loading is distributed evenly across all chain links [23]. Overloading. Overloading occurs when the mooring chain is subjected to loads that exceed its maximum capacity. This can cause the chain to deform, stretch, or even break. Overloading can occur due to factors such as high winds, waves, or improper mooring techniques. To mitigate the risk of such anomaly, mooring chains are properly managed for the expected tension concerning their design, installation, and size to function within their great capacity [24]. Wear and Tear. Another anomaly known as wear and tear contributes to failure in the mooring chain. This type of anomaly occurs due to the friction of the chain tied to the seabed, other chain links, or the mooring chain connected to the Catenary Anchor Leg Mooring (CALM) mooring buoy [1]. It causes the materials to wear down, which reduces the diameter of the chain, loss of the metal, and finally leads to failure in the mooring chain [7]. Such anomaly can be mitigated by properly classifying the chain loads and it can be done by regularly inspecting the mooring chain to identify the signs of wear and tear in the form of reduction in the chain diameter and distortion. Furthermore, the proper maintenance and lubrication of the chain can also help to reduce friction and wear and tear [23]. In addition, it is important to monitor the mooring environment and take appropriate measures to reduce the risk of wear and tear, such as using a protective covering over the chain in areas where it is likely to come into contact with other surfaces or reducing the intensity of loading on the chain by using multiple mooring points [24]. Abrasions. Abrasion can occur when the mooring chain is subjected to contact with other surfaces or when the chain is bent and flexed. Over time, abrasion can weaken the chain and make it more susceptible to failure [7, 25]. Besides, Sediments on the seafloor can be abrasive, and friction can erode the chain when it encounters the bottom of the ocean [1].  
   
  Fig. 5. Ground touching mooring chain with one side material loss [1].  
   
  The mooring chain can also fail due to ground touching region as shown in Fig. 5 and such causes are considered seafloor abrasion [1]. To prevent abrasion, it is important  
   
  268  
   
  T. K. Khatri et al.  
   
  to ensure that the mooring lines are properly sized, positioned, and secured to avoid contact with other surfaces [24]. Deformation. Deformation occurs when the mooring chain is subjected to excessive bending or torsional stress, causing it to deform or bend out of shape. This can weaken the chain and eventually lead to failure [22]. Deformation is caused by overloading, and environmental conditions (waves, strong wind, and current). It can also be due to not properly installing the mooring system during the operation [1, 7]. The deformation risk can be reduced by checking the proper installation of the mooring chains that will be utilized for bearing the high loads, which is limited to their design capacity. Besides, causes of deformation can also be addressed promptly by regularly monitoring the mooring chains to diagnose the deformation-affected factors and then perform the required maintenance to fix them [4]. Chain Links. Chain links anomaly concerned with the failure in mooring chains which is caused by wear and tear, overloading, wear and tear and most often it can be found due to manufacturing faults. A failure of a chain link causes the adjacent links of the chains to fail and finally result in the failure of the entire mooring chain [23]. These anomalies can be mitigated by monitoring the mooring chain regularly to confront the signs of the above-mentioned factors and fixing them appropriately through proper maintenance of the mooring chains where the faults actually exist. Additionally, assurance of the designed mooring chain, manufacturing materials, and knowing the installation base for the expected load to be borne by mooring chains can aid in minimizing the risk of failure of chain links and deformation and results in ensuring secured and reliable mooring operations [4]. Improper Handling. The failure of morning chains also happens due to improper installation and handling them inappropriately. Several examples lead to improper handling anomalies. These include distortion or weakening of the chain [23], letting the chain fall to the surface can induce cracks in the chains, and improper handling of the mooring chain throughout the storage, installation, and transportation. All of these contribute to damage in the chain and finally cause mooring chains to fail [24]. The risk of such anomaly can be reduced by following the appropriate procedures and thumb rules, including properly giving up the components, keeping the mooring chain secure, and obviating the high tension and load that causes the chains to bend over time [24]. Additionally, the mooring chains must be inspected and monitored before and during the commencement of the mooring operations to eliminate the damages through repairing or completely replacing the chains that may turn to fail the mooring chains after a long [4, 26].  
   
  Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines  
   
  269  
   
  Table 1. Comparison of different types of mooring (Thin) lines for effective selection. Types of Mooring Lines  
   
  Advantages  
   
  Disadvantages  
   
  Polyester Ropes  
   
  Lightweight and easy to handle  
   
  Sensitive to abrasion and can be damaged easily  
   
  Has high strength-to-weight ratio  
   
  Can weaken over time when exposed to UV radiation and chemical degradation  
   
  Good shock absorption and stretching properties  
   
  Can absorb moisture and become heavier, reducing its strength  
   
  Resistant to UV radiation and chemical degradation  
   
  Limited maximum breaking strength compared to steel wire or chain  
   
  Can be easily spliced and repaired  
   
  Low thermal conductivity, making it less effective in certain environments  
   
  Cost-effective compared to steel wire or chain  
   
  Not suitable for use in high-tension applications  
   
  High strength and durability  
   
  Heavy and difficult to handle  
   
  Resistant to abrasion and corrosion  
   
  Limited shock absorption and stretching properties  
   
  Can withstand high loads and tension  
   
  Can be prone to deformation and failure due to repeated bending and straightening  
   
  Resistant to UV radiation and chemical degradation  
   
  Expensive compared to polyester rope  
   
  Can be easily spliced and repaired  
   
  Can cause damage to vessels and ports if not handled properly  
   
  Steel Wire Ropes & Mooring Chains  
   
  3 Real-Time Consequences of Failure in Mooring (Thin) Lines Mooring (Thin) line failure can have serious consequences for marine vessels and structures such as FPSOs, commonly used in offshore oil and gas production and can lead to various potential risks and hazards. Some of the consequences of mooring line failure include: 1. Loss of Control: When a mooring line fails, the vessel or structure it is holding can lose control and be subject to the forces of wind, waves, and currents. This can cause the vessel or structure to drift or even capsize [27]. 2. Collision: If a mooring line fails while a vessel or structure is moored, it can cause the vessel or structure to collide with other nearby vessels or structures. This can lead to property damage, injury, or loss of life [26].  
   
  270  
   
  T. K. Khatri et al.  
   
  3. Environmental Damage: Mooring line failure can also result in environmental damage if the vessel or structure carrying hazardous materials or oil spills into the ocean or causes damage to underwater ecosystems [6, 28]. 4. Loss of Equipment: If an FPSO breaks free from its moorings due to a mooring line failure, it can result in damage to the vessel or loss of equipment (Cargo containers). This can be expensive to repair or replace, resulting in further production downtime [29, 30]. 5. Production Downtime: FPSOs are typically used to produce and store oil or gas, and mooring line failure can result in production downtime, leading to significant financial losses for the operator [6, 8]. There have been several real-life incidents where mooring line failure has resulted in serious consequences. For example, in 2013, the oil rig Kulluk broke free from its moorings in Alaska and ran aground, leading to the loss of the rig and significant environmental damage [31]. In 2019, a mooring line failure caused a container ship to collide with a dock in Taiwan, resulting in significant property damage and several injuries [32]. In addition, there have been several incidents where mooring line failure has resulted in fatalities. A tugboat overturned accidentally in the Hudson River due to failure in a mooring line in 2015, resulting in the death of three crews [33]. An incident happened in 2018 where a boat was affected due to a collision with a barge that was broken because of the failure in a mooring line which led to result in the death of two people [32]. In 2019, an incident happened in the United Kingdom in which a mooring line was broken due to high friction and load when the vessel was being moored. This resulted in severe injuries of three onboard officers during the mooring operation [34]. Besides these examples, there have been a few more real-time incidents due to the failure of a mooring line in the Floating-Point Storage Offshore (FPSO) vessel, leading to several consequences. In Brazil, the FPSO vessel underwent a failure in a mooring line throughout the strong environmental condition (storm in this case) in 2011. As a result, the vessel was caused to drift and collide with another vessel, leading to the death of nine persons. Besides, oil was spilled, resulting in production shutdown from the vessel [35]. Moreover, in 2016, the FPSO in the United Kingdom North Sea underwent a failure in the mooring line during a high storm. As a result, the vessel drifted off to the original location, leading to the consequence of suspension in production [36]. However, all these incidents reveal the importance of thorough maintenance and the requirement of a real-time accurate mooring monitoring system to perform secure mooring operations on FPSOs and other offshore floating structures to prevent and mitigate the risk of hazards linked with failure in a mooring line.  
   
  4 Conclusion Mooring (Thin) lines are considered essential to secure offshore marine vessels and floating facilities by keeping them in a fixed place and resisting external loads. However, the failure of any mooring line because of anomalies can cause severe consequences including financial losses, loss of life, and harm to the environment. This review paper has comprehensively reviewed various types of anomalies in mooring lines with their underlying causes and risk mitigation tactics. Besides, the real-time consequences of  
   
  Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines  
   
  271  
   
  failure in mooring lines have also been demonstrated in association with various anomalies in the mooring system. Furthermore, the three most common types of mooring lines including polyester ropes, chains, and steel wire ropes have been manifested with numerous anomalies such as fatigue, corrosion and cut or broken lines, abrasion, and extra by which mooring lines are caused to damage and finally subjected to the failure. Thus, appropriate measures are needed to obviate such failure in mooring lines. Hence, this review paper has presented the proper prevention and risk mitigation tactics to obviate damages that occur due to the anomalies and causes the mooring line to fail. Moreover, the importance of proactive inspection, monitoring of mooring lines, and maintenance to reduce the risk in conjunction with damages in mooring lines have also been highlighted. The mooring operators may determine and improve the potential problems and minimize the risk of catastrophic failure at an early stage before they intensify more crucial issues by adopting the proactive measurements mentioned in this review paper. Eventually, this review paper has focused on and underlined the need for progressive research and development in the field of marine technology to improve the safety and reliability of the critical components of the mooring lines during mooring operations. By addressing the underlying causes of mooring line anomalies, marine operators can ensure the long-term sustainability of their operations while minimizing the risks associated with these vital components. Acknowledgement. The authors would like to extend their deepest gratitude to the High Performance Cloud Computing Centre (HPC3), Universiti Teknologi PETRONAS and Yayasan UTP (YUTP) - Grant number 015LC0-332 for provision of materials and resources to carry out this research work.  
   
  References 1. Ma, K.-T., Luo, Y., Kwan, C.-T.T., Wu, Y.: Mooring System Engineering for Offshore Structures. Gulf Professional Publishing (2019) 2. Xu, S., Wang, S., Soares, C.G.: Review of mooring design for floating wave energy converters. Renew. Sustain. Energy Rev. 111, 595–621 (2019) 3. Minnebo, J., Aalberts, P., Duggal, A.: Mooring system monitoring using DGPS. In: International Conference on Offshore Mechanics and Arctic Engineering, p. V01BT01A035. American Society of Mechanical Engineers (2014) 4. Wang, S., Lu, P.: On the monitoring of mooring system performance. In: SNAME 21st Offshore Symposium. OnePetro (2016) 5. Soares, C.G., Teixeira, A.: Risk assessment in maritime transportation. Reliab. Eng. Syst. Saf. 74, 299–309 (2001) 6. Jaffari, R., Hashmani, M.A., Taib, H., Abdullah, N., Rizvi, S.S.H.: A novel image-based framework for process monitoring and fault diagnosis of mooring lines. J. Hunan Univ. Nat. Sci. 47(10), (2020) 7. Acteon Group Ltd. https://acteon.com/blog/seven-mechanisms-that-contribute-to-mooringline-failure/ 8. Lugsdin, A.: Real-time monitoring of FPSO mooring lines, risers. Sea Technol. 53, 21–24 (2012)  
   
  272  
   
  T. K. Khatri et al.  
   
  9. Vlasblom, M.: The manufacture, properties, and applications of high-strength, high-modulus polyethylene fibers. In: Handbook of Properties of Textile and Technical Fibres, pp. 699–755. Elsevier (2018) 10. van der Horst, M., et al.: Improving inspection practices of offshore mooring systems for optimal integrity management. In: SNAME 25th Offshore Symposium. OnePetro (2020) 11. La Grotta, A., Harris, R.L., Da Costa, C.: Mooring sense project: a risk-based integrity management strategy for mooring system of floating offshore wind. In: Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition & Conference. OnePetro (2021) 12. Vidmar, P., Perkoviˇc, M., Gucma, L., Łazuga, K.: Risk assessment of moored and passing ships. Appl. Sci. 10, 6825 (2020) 13. MTN SHOP. https://shopmtn.com/blogs/mtn-shop-news/rope-inspection-when-you-need-toreplace-your-gear 14. Lian, Y., Liu, H., Li, L., Zhang, Y.: An experimental investigation on the bedding-in behavior of synthetic fiber ropes. Ocean Eng. 160, 368–381 (2018) 15. Wang, S., Xu, S., Soares, C.G., Zhang, Y., Liu, H., Li, L.: Experimental study of nonlinear behavior of a nylon mooring rope at different scales. In: Developments in Renewable Energies Offshore, pp. 690–697. CRC Press (2020) 16. Spong, R., et al.: Mooring integrity issues and lessons learned database-DeepStar® project 20401. In: Offshore Technology Conference. OnePetro (2022) 17. Liagre, P.F., Ang, Z., Wibner, C.G., Aragh, S.H.: Appomattox mooring system lessons learned. In: Offshore Technology Conference. OnePetro (2020) 18. Li, W., Liu, X., Li, G., Lin, S., Li, H., Ge, Y.: Temperature and humidity effects on the dynamic stiffness of a polyester mooring rope. J. Mar. Sci. Eng. 11, 91 (2023) 19. Zhang, D., Gao, X., Su, G., Du, L., Liu, Z., Hu, J.: Corrosion behavior of low-C medium-Mn steel in simulated marine immersion and splash zone environment. J. Mater. Eng. Perform. 26, 2599–2607 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11665-017-2723-6 20. Shahzada, N.S.: Damage and failure of steel wire ropes. Politecnico di Torino (2022) 21. Yang, Y., Yuan, X., Li, Y., He, Z., Zhang, S., Zheng, S.: Effect of time-varying corrosion on the low-cycle fatigue mechanical properties of wire rope. Ocean Eng. 250, 111027 (2022) 22. Hu, Z., Wang, E., Jia, F.: Study on bending fatigue failure behaviors of end-fixed wire ropes. Eng. Fail. Anal. 135, 106172 (2022) 23. Mendoza, J., Haagensen, P.J., Köhler, J.: Analysis of fatigue test data of retrieved mooring chain links subject to pitting corrosion. Mar. Struct. 81, 103119 (2022) 24. Lone, E.N., Sauder, T., Larsen, K., Leira, B.J.: Fatigue assessment of mooring chain considering the effects of mean load and corrosion. In: International Conference on Offshore Mechanics and Arctic Engineering, p. V002T002A020. American Society of Mechanical Engineers (2021) 25. Mackay, T., Ridge, I.M.: Abrasion testing of fibre rope on impermeable fabrics for wave energy converter systems. Renew. Energy 201, 993–1009 (2022) 26. Zhao, C., Zhang, W., Chen, C., Yang, X., Yue, J., Han, B.: Recognition of unsafe onboard mooring and unmooring operation behavior based on improved YOLO-v4 algorithm. J. Mar. Sci. Eng. 11, 291 (2023) 27. Necci, A., Tarantola, S., Vamanu, B., Krausmann, E., Ponte, L.: Lessons learned from offshore oil and gas incidents in the Arctic and other ice-prone seas. Ocean Eng. 185, 12–26 (2019) 28. Nevshupa, R., Martínez, I., Ramos, S., Arredondo, A.: The effect of environmental variables on early corrosion of high–strength low–alloy mooring steel immersed in seawater. Mar. Struct. 60, 226–240 (2018) 29. Ozguc, O.: Collision damage analysis of FPSO hull caisson protection structure. Trans. Marit. Sci. 9, 130–149 (2020) 30. Vijayaraghavan, V.: Operational readiness and operational safety on FPSO project. In: SPE Asia Pacific Oil and Gas Conference and Exhibition. OnePetro (2018)  
   
  Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines  
   
  273  
   
  31. https://www.ntsb.gov/investigations/AccidentReports/Reports/MAR1401.pdf 32. freightwaves. https://www.freightwaves.com/news/oocl-vessel-blamed-for-crane-collapseat-taiwan-port and https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/4843440 33. MarineLink. https://www.marinelink.com/news/tugboat-sinking-highlights-dangers-moo ring-487044 34. safety4sea. https://safety4sea.com/cm-case-study-mooring-line-failure-onboard/ 35. Vinnem, J.E.: FPSO Cidade de São Mateus gas explosion–lessons learned. Saf. Sci. 101, 295–304 (2018) 36. International Ocean Energy Resources (OER). https://ocean-energyresources.com/2020/02/ 01/petrobras-p-70-floater-breaks-moorings-in-brazil-storm/  
   
  Data Analytics Modelling System for Short Courses at Seberang Jaya Community College Zuriana Zamberi1  
   
  and Nur Intan Raihana Ruhaiyem2(B)  
   
  1 Seberang Jaya Community College, 13700 Perai, Penang, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]   
   
  2 School of Computer Sciences, Universiti Sains Malaysia, USM, 11800 George Town, Penang,  
   
  Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. Community College adhered to the Ministry of Higher Education is well known for its lifelong learning prospects and distinctively offers a short course about the community surrounding the institute. To date, the primary focus in the academic and industrial realms is on descriptive and predictive analytics. Nevertheless, prescriptive analytics, which seeks to find the best course of action for the future, has increasingly garnered research interest. Meanwhile, the analysis will be used to implement actionable plans to help in decision-making that can benefit the institution as well as the officers concerned. This paper investigates the problem arising by using analytical methods in elevating short course enrolment in Seberang Jaya Community College. Upon completion with the usage of Market Basket Analysis (MBA) techniques integrating the descriptive and predictive analysis, results obtained are established thoroughly with specific details that were to attain cluster insights based on the participant’s interest that leads to non-mainstream courses related to the college credential-expertise program. Course modelling proposal for participants’ enrolment through MBA that leads to output produced for Lift Parameter, uses specific rules that have higher lift and confidence that participants tend to join Kursus Penyelenggaraan Komputer (consequents) when they joined Kursus Rangkaian Komputer (Antecedents). In looking at the association rules, it seems that both these courses are highly considered to be enrolled. Keywords: Community College · data analytics · lifelong learning · short courses  
   
  1 Introduction 1.1 Background Community Colleges under the supervision of Jabatan Pendidikan Politeknik and Kolej Komuniti (JPPKK), Ministry of Higher Education (MOHE) was launched in 2001 and established as the peak body for the non-profit community that owned learning organizations across Malaysia. Community-based providers are committed to both employment and outcomes as well as the personal development of the learners. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 274–286, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_21  
   
  Data Analytics Modelling System for Short Courses  
   
  275  
   
  In addition to providing accredited Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET), Community College offers various learning opportunities, including nonaccredited training and lifelong learning. As stated by Jaafar [5], lifelong learning has resulted in the creation of skilled employees who are well-equipped to meet the demands of the industry and contribute to economic development. These educational activities help to build self-esteem, re-engage by upskilling and re-skilling the learners, and provide social networks for the community that lead to a high-income economy. Despite all the expertise and professionals who exist in the TVET institutions, Community Colleges have a greater responsibility to spread their Educator expertise and skills related to the programs offered by the respective colleges amongst the local community and for their development that skillfully led them to the futuristic industrial revolution. Seberang Jaya Community College specifically offers programs ranging from Diploma to certificates that are Diploma in Electronics (Instrumentation) followed by certificate programs such as the Internet of Things, Electrical Technology along with General Studies as a completion of the programs offered. These programs are categorized by lifelong learning as technical courses that indicates the commonalities of the educator’s expertise with the short courses offered. Subsequently, non-technical courses or nonrelated courses are offered to verify these elements of short courses in Seberang Jaya Community College to boost the community skills by offering a wide variety of choices. According to the paper published by [14], the role of Community College is for Community Development. The mission of Community Colleges in Malaysia is to utilize Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET) and Lifelong Learning to empower local communities, creating a well-informed and skilled workforce. TVET education was seen as a pertinent part of economic evolution in Vision 2020, which was crafted by the Ministry. The outstanding feature identified in this Community College education is the short course that falls under the lifelong learning category. Not only allowed for the dropouts to take this as an alternative but endorsed the various classes of nonprofessional to professional, skillful employees to entrepreneurship. 1.2 Problem Statement Short courses in brief can range from any field regardless of the institute chosen in the community. It has a wide range of duration, lasting from a few days to several months, and some of the courses have certain exams or training to pass. This training is well suited to several specific needs such as providing added skills to a cadre of workers at any level, upgrading knowledge and skills at low cost, and providing networking opportunities for the local community. This study focuses on the short courses variation offered and conducted in Seberang Jaya Community College which is in the Penang mainland. This part of the mainland state is surrounded by some manufacturing and industrial sectors. Hence, the short courses offered by this college are to fulfil the needs of the surrounding industries and communities. Despite the community college courses providing essential skills development and practical-based learning, the differing durations of these courses have become a challenge to maximizing their benefits. While certain courses are offered annually, others are available only once, leading to disparities in opportunities for students. Courses that channel its educator’s professional skills and in collaboration with agencies receive  
   
  276  
   
  Z. Zamberi and N. I. R. Ruhaiyem  
   
  prominent applications from the community, but then again courses that are conducted once and don’t have continuous progress to it, are proven to have limited participants. Thus, it contributes to lower enrolment annually and imparts low profit to institutions. Such limitation is seen as the biggest obstacle for the institute and its educators to attain one of the features specified in the Key Performance Index (KPI) as they are obliged to such attribution annually. Educators have trouble planning courses that can increase enrolment and benefit the college in terms of cost and attaining the KPI. Consequently, to such limitations, data analytics will be implemented to analyze the data record and to find patterns to accommodate the educators and officers in planning courses with maximum benefit in the future. In alliance to benefit in the long term, educators must be equipped with the ability to predict the alignment of short courses in the future that will attract higher enrolment and profitability. One of the productive approaches will be enforcing data analysis for the institute’s futuristic prediction with higher accuracy [9]. Through the analysis, institutes, and officers can effectively and precisely allocate resources for short courses. By utilizing the patterns derived from the analysis, they can improve enrolment productivity and cost management, resulting in increased contributions towards the personal development of both the institute and officers on an annual basis. 1.3 Objectives of Study Community colleges have trained a large number of participants through short-term courses, and the number of participants and courses offered has increased year by year since its establishment. With the trust given by the community, the institution needs to continue providing good quality courses and services. Therefore, implementing data analytics towards the acquired data can help the institutions to predict effective courses to be run in the future. The main purpose of this study is to gain cluster insights based on the participant’s interest for five years, and adjacently proposing the course modelling for participants’ enrolment through the Market Basket Analysis technique. Thus, this approach will function as a forward-thinking instrument, enabling decision-makers to evaluate the course’s effectiveness in fulfilling JPPKK’s annual requirements and aligning with the community’s needs.  
   
  2 Related Works 2.1 Introduction Key Performance Index, known as KPI is a measuring instrument in any private or public organization that is monitored by the superior administering the organization. This is used as one of the main instruments that adhere to the success of the program or business conducted annually. The short course is one of the community college’s missions that registers “empower the community through lifelong learning” and each college is accounted for to achieve a certain number of KPIs that have been determined by the JPPKK based on the grades of Directors who administer the institution. The primary  
   
  Data Analytics Modelling System for Short Courses  
   
  277  
   
  mission creation was to adapt lifelong learning and spread the knowledge to surrounding local communities by utilizing the respective College’s expertise or professional technical-related skills. 2.2 Related Works Across every industry, large data can bring new findings, and new conclusions, discover meaningful patterns, and predict future trends. Such predicament of database usage is related to Association Mining exploited in finding the correlation among the large data items that lead to the discovery of interesting relationships, especially in the business decision-making process. According to the researcher [12], in their article regarding Market Basket Analysis with Networks, typically trends in search of meaningful associations in customer data revolve in one of the oldest areas, known as Market Basket Analysis. About one of the data mining in higher education [4], stated that the association of rule mining can be used to analyze the performance of students in their examinations and predict the outcome of the incoming examination. This prediction allows students and teachers to identify the subjects that need extra attention even before the commencement of the semester. On top of that, the predictions are also helping students at the very beginning of the semester by identifying the subjects that they need to focus on. To enhance the understanding of historical information, the approach employed in [12] can be implemented in this research to assess its relevance in current healthcare decisions and enable well-informed choices for the future. The descriptive model utilized in this context demonstrates the capacity to categorize, characterize, aggregate, and analyze data. In this research scenario, unsupervised learning data were used where no examples or test outcomes were available. It can greatly benefit from the application of a novel algorithm based on association rule learning, as developed by [4]. The use of the algorithm is to achieve precise predictions for example in coronary illness examinations. This valuable capability makes it an essential tool for medical specialists and experts seeking accurate coronary illness prediction.  
   
  3 Methodology 3.1 Introduction This project focuses on analyzing and querying large datasets for generating participants’ analyses in short courses in KKSBJ by implementing two analytical techniques. Each analysis technique is performed to have a better understanding of the participant’s behavior concurrently for the linear is to elevate enrolment of the participants in the institute. As a result, this analysis will predict the minimal and maximal short courses required according to the attainment of the Institute’s KPI annually. 3.2 Dataset The dataset employed in this project is obtained from the Lifelong Learning Unit in Seberang Jaya Community College with five years records attained from the year 2015  
   
  278  
   
  Z. Zamberi and N. I. R. Ruhaiyem  
   
  until 2020, however, in the year 2018 this data was excluded from the analysis due to technical problems that occurred while transferring related files. Table 1 shows the sample dataset with several attributes provided such as the name of the participants, their identification number, courses attended, the date of the courses conducted as well and the fee amount for each course. Implementing the analysis of the data can provide hidden information related to the participants to predict future business expansion to the institute. Table 1. Attributes sample in the dataset. Name  
   
  Course Name  
   
  Date  
   
  Fees  
   
  Ali  
   
  Bakery Course: Blueberry Cheesecake  
   
  24 January 2015  
   
  60  
   
  Shima  
   
  Bakery Course: Blueberry Cheesecake  
   
  24 January 2015  
   
  60  
   
  3.3 Data Preparation The initial stage of the process before implementing the analysis is to unveil the error existence in the unrefined dataset, in particular the data duplicates, outliers, and incomplete and irrelevant data using Python. Each error displayed in the raw dataset consists of repetitive and identical data, irregularities of data, missing attributes, and value in the data set that is unrelated to the attributes from the foregoing errors as shown in Fig. 1. The existing problem has been improved to achieve the objective of the study by improving the data record through the written records available in the possession of the Lifelong Learning Officer. Succeeding the data scrubbing, the total data obtained were 3264 rows consisting of a complete dataset as shown in Fig. 2. Despite the dataset acquired, new attributes were included such as gender and cluster. Course classifications, on the other hand, are predetermined according to the clusters.  
   
  Fig. 1. Data summary with a total number of errors (before data cleaning).  
   
  Data Analytics Modelling System for Short Courses  
   
  279  
   
  Fig. 2. Data summary with zero number of errors (after data cleaning).  
   
  3.4 Data Exploration Overall data after including additional attributes that will promote better analysis of the trend as portrayed in Fig. 3. The Python application for listed attributes will be queried further based on figures in terms of statistical value that will be conveyed in a visualization form such as histogram and many more in the list as depicted in Fig. 4. Complete exploitation of these datasets reveals a clear pattern/trend that will properly direct for pre-analysis based on the correlation created on the queries.  
   
  Fig. 3. Data types for each attribute  
   
  Associations within the attributes by Fig. 5 indicated that a positive value that is near 1.000000 prevails strong correlation. These attributes such as number, and gender with fees show a debilitated relation due to the numerical obtained being less than 0.500000. 3.5 Data Analysis Using Predictive Analytics Data processing at this stage is using Python and RapidMiner to transform data into Pivot Table. Data that were analyzed in the MBA containing 168 different types of courses. This technique is going to answer which course has the highest frequency or which course is to be promoted in the future.  
   
  280  
   
  Z. Zamberi and N. I. R. Ruhaiyem  
   
  Fig. 4. An example of data distribution for fee information.  
   
  Fig. 5. Correlation between attributes  
   
  4 Results and Discussion 4.1 General Statistics The widening cluster disparity is represented by demographic trends such as age, gender, and race of the course participants which are represented in table forms. This general analysis plays a significant role in pre-determining the trend amongst the community based on specific standards and serves as a touchstone for courses incipient by their ecology. Thus, such analysis will lead further into the studies of community behavior that favors Lifelong Learning decision-making. Primarily analysis performed starting from the data displayed in Table 2 indicates a very close number of enrolments in the short course programs offered in the Institute.  
   
  Data Analytics Modelling System for Short Courses  
   
  281  
   
  Overall, the respondent’s profile indicates that the highest enrolment is amongst Malay with 92.40% whilst a trifling percentile recorded for non-Malay is 7.60% participants. This inclination serves as basic information due to the surrounding community racial population consists of Malay province in the majority. In parallel with this, gender segregation amongst the races also serves as another interesting trend for study As seen in Table 2 females from Malay race and males from non-Malay set up high percentile of enrolment is 54.19% and 61.29% respectively. This might appear as an interesting comparison but insignificant if compared with the figure attained between these races. Over and above that finding, there are many factors found that leads to participatory. Besides, these findings don’t appear surprising due to the common ground of the nontechnical courses towards the community surroundings are always overwhelmed by such genders. Among the profiles are gender basis that is attained between Malay and nonMalay respondents. Ensuing research analysis should be about the connection of interest amongst the race/religion with gender. Table 2. Respondents Profile Profile  
   
  Percent (%)  
   
  Malay  
   
  92.40  
   
  Non-Malay 7.60 Malay  
   
  Percent (%)  
   
  Male  
   
  45.81  
   
  Female  
   
  54.19  
   
  Non-Malay Percent (%) Male  
   
  61.29  
   
  Female  
   
  38.71  
   
  By the age basis in Table 3, it is collectively announced that the most active participation comes from the range of less than 50 years of age. Along with this data, male participants for age below 50 enrolments are 50.93% and more as compared to females which is 49.07%. Whilst results found for participants of age above 50 are shown on the contrary for the gender with female participants having the highest enrolment throughout five years with a female enrolment of 64.80% and male 35.20%. This pattern is proven that women of golden ages either retired persons, homemakers, or businesswomen, have a higher tendency to fulfil their time with short courses and thus, apply the skills attained to their daily life. In conjunction with this, another element was triggered for a futuristic investigation of whether courses offered by the Institute caters to the need of the male participants in the surrounding community for this age category especially. Conveniently, female participants from such age groups utilize skills learned and applied at their homes such as the range of clusters such as Bakery, Sewing, Computer, and Entrepreneurship. All these clusters play a vital role in determining this gender decision-making, especially  
   
  282  
   
  Z. Zamberi and N. I. R. Ruhaiyem Table 3. Demographic Age >50 Percent (%) Male  
   
  35.20  
   
  Female  
   
  64.80  
   
  Age 50 Total  
   
  1  
   
  0.6  
   
  173  
   
  100.0  
   
  Project Age 5 years  
   
  18  
   
  10.4  
   
  173  
   
  100.0  
   
  Total  
   
  5 Generating an Association Rules Using Unsupervised Apriori In data mining and machine learning, association rule mining algorithms are commonly employed to discover patterns or relationships among variables in a dataset [21]. Two crucial parameters, namely minimum support and minimum confidence, are used to govern the behavior of these algorithms and assess the quality of the generated association rules [32]. In order to apply Apriori algorithm for association rules mining, the developer perceptions dataset must satisfy a minimum threshold of 80 rules. Table 5 shows the initial association rule derived from the dataset, which can be interpreted as follows: When a developer’s involvement and effort to integrate their contribution to the blockchain project are both high, it is expected that their technical contribution norm will also be high, given that the decision right delegation is at a medium level. Similarly, another rule suggests that if the code testing group has a high  
   
  Examining the Software Developers’ Perception  
   
  295  
   
  level and the decision-making ability of the group is low, it is anticipated that the technical contribution norm group will be high, accompanied by a higher intention to learn. However, it is important to note that association rules do not necessarily imply causality. The presence of an association rule does not necessarily imply that one variable causes or influences another. Instead, association rules are based on statistical correlations and can be used to identify potential patterns or relationships within the data. Therefore, it is important to exercise caution when interpreting association rules and to conduct further analysis to explore the underlying data and context in order to assess the validity and usefulness of the rule. In this study, a parameter was set for the algorithm, specifically a minimum support of 0.2 and a minimum confidence of 0.5. These parameter settings help filter out noise and improve the efficiency of the algorithm by considering only item sets that occur frequently in the data. In this case, the minimum support of 0.2 means that the algorithm considered only item sets that appear in at least 20% of the records. Table 5. Rules generated as set minimum support of 0.2, and the minimum confidence of 0.5 Antecedents  
   
  Consequents  
   
  Support (%)  
   
  Confidence (%)  
   
  Lift  
   
  di = high, si = higher  
   
  tcn_group = high, drd_group = med  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.500000  
   
  1.351562  
   
  prject_age_group = tcn_ group = high, low_project_age, gender = m si_group = high  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.700000  
   
  2.752273  
   
  tcn_group = high, project age…  
   
  si_group = high, 0.202312 gender = m, devel…  
   
  0.625000  
   
  3.003472  
   
  si_group = high, developments…  
   
  tcn_ group = high, project_ag  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.777778  
   
  3.003472  
   
  gender = m, Tcn_group = high, development_status_group = project_ag… p  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.700000  
   
  2.752273  
   
  tcn_group = high, development…  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.625000  
   
  3.003472  
   
  gender = m, pd_group = mid si_group = high  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.972222  
   
  1.39003  
   
  ctt_group = high, drd_group tcn_group = high, = high intention_…  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.686275  
   
  1.484069  
   
  tcn_group = high, code_testi…  
   
  drd_group = high, age_group = low_age  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.538462  
   
  1.312026  
   
  tcn_group = high, intention_…  
   
  ctt_group = high, drd_group = low  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.625000  
   
  1.368671  
   
  tcn_group = high, code_testi…  
   
  drd_group = high, fgi_gro…  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.714286  
   
  1.625940  
   
  prject_age_group = low_project_age, sytem_inte…  
   
  (continued)  
   
  296  
   
  A. Abd Wahab et al. Table 5. (continued)  
   
  Antecedents  
   
  Consequents  
   
  Support (%)  
   
  Confidence (%)  
   
  Lift  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.777778  
   
  1.446834  
   
  tcn_group = high, code_testi…  
   
  itl_group = 0.202312 eh_group, drd_group =  
   
  0.686275  
   
  1.648965  
   
  pd_group = mid_drd_group =, si_group = high_…  
   
  di _group = high  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.777778  
   
  1.359147  
   
  di_group = high, si_group  
   
  pd_group = mid  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.530303  
   
  1.054511  
   
  pd_group = mid  
   
  si_group = high, gender = m  
   
  0.202312  
   
  0.636364  
   
  1.158852  
   
  ctt_group = high, age_group tcn_group = high, = low_age, f… drd_group  
   
  Then, the parameters were adjusted for another iteration of the model. The minimum support was set to 0.5, along with the minimum confidence of 0.5, resulting in the extraction of the top 10 rules. Additionally, to explore more robust associations, the authors re-ran the model with an increased confidence threshold of 0.8, resulting in ten rules which can be observed in Table 6. Table 6. Rules generated with min_support is set to 0.5 and the min_confidence is set to 0.8 Antecedents  
   
  Support (%)  
   
  Confidence (%)  
   
  Lift  
   
  tcn_ group = high  
   
  0.687861  
   
  0.915385  
   
  1.077289  
   
  tcn_group = high  
   
  eh_group = low  
   
  0.687861  
   
  0.809524  
   
  1.077289  
   
  si_group = high  
   
  tcn_group = high  
   
  0.676301  
   
  0.966942  
   
  1.137966  
   
  gender = m  
   
  tcn_group = high  
   
  0.635838  
   
  0.887097  
   
  1.043998  
   
  eh_group = low  
   
  Consequents  
   
  eh_group = low  
   
  si_group = high  
   
  0.624277  
   
  0.830769  
   
  1.187794  
   
  si_group = high,  
   
  eh_group = low  
   
  0.624277  
   
  0.892562  
   
  1.187794  
   
  tcn_group = high, eh_group = low…  
   
  si_group = high  
   
  0.601156  
   
  0.873950  
   
  1.249531  
   
  tcn_group = high, si_group = low  
   
  eh_group = low  
   
  0.601156  
   
  0.888889  
   
  1.182906  
   
  eh_group = low, si_group = high  
   
  tcn_group = high  
   
  0.601156  
   
  0.962963  
   
  1.133284  
   
  si_group = high  
   
  tcn_group = high, eh_group  
   
  0.601156  
   
  0.859504  
   
  1.249531  
   
  Examining the Software Developers’ Perception  
   
  297  
   
  5.1 Tuning Again with Higher Support of 0.6 and Confident of 0.9 The model was further fine-tuned by increasing the support and confidence thresholds. The unsupervised Apriori algorithm was utilized with a minimum support of 0.6 and a minimum confidence of 0.9. The resulting association rules were examined, including the first rule presented in Table 7. This rule exhibited a support of 0.601156%, indicating it occurrences in a relatively small percentage of transactions within the dataset. However, the rule displayed a high confidence of 0.962963%, implying that the consequent is almost always present when the antecedent is present. The lift value of 1.133284 suggests a slight positive correlation between the antecedent (eh_group = low, si_group = high) and the consequent (tcn_group = high). This implies that when the expertise group is low, the presence of the si_group slightly increases the likelihood of the tcn_group occurring in a transaction. Understanding the practical implications of association rules is vital for the development and management of blockchain projects. Identifying patterns related to personal features can help recruit developers with specific beliefs and skills to improve decision-making and project success. The rationale for the choice of minimum support threshold (e.g., 0.5 or 0.6) affects the relevance and selectivity of association rules based on their frequency of occurrence. Table 7. min_support = 0.6, and min_confidence = 0.9, rule generated Antecedents  
   
  Consequents  
   
  Support (%)  
   
  Confidence (%)  
   
  Lift  
   
  eh_group = low, si_group = high  
   
  tcn_group = high  
   
  0.601156  
   
  0.962963  
   
  1.133283  
   
  si_group = high, eh_group = low  
   
  tcn_ group = high  
   
  0.676301  
   
  0.966942  
   
  1.137966  
   
  eh_group = low  
   
  tcn_ group = high  
   
  0.687861  
   
  0.915385  
   
  1.077289  
   
  6 Relationship Between Confidence and Lift The study explores the relationship between confidence and lift in association rules, emphasizing their significance in decision-making for blockchain projects. Lift and lift for unsupervised rules calculate association based on observed joint probabilities without assumptions. The study visually presents confidence, support, and lift measures, revealing strong associations among itemset variables. This insight is valuable for prioritizing variables in blockchain project management, aiding in the identification of key factors to enhance decision-making and success. Lower thresholds (0.5) create more rules with diverse confidence and lift, showing no significant additional association. Higher thresholds (0.6, 0.9) contrastingly. Using more stringent criteria (minimum support and confidence) selects fewer but stronger association rules, emphasizing no significant additional association beyond chance (lift = 1). Graphs with lower thresholds (0.5) generate a larger set of rules with moderate confidence, while higher thresholds (0.6 and 0.9) produce a smaller, more reliable set with higher confidence levels and stronger dependencies (Fig. 1). Both approaches focus on lift equal to 1.  
   
  298  
   
  A. Abd Wahab et al.  
   
  Fig. 1. The relationship between confidence at 0.9 and lift for Unsupervised rules  
   
  7 Conclusion This paper introduces association rule mining (ARM) and its application in developer turnover, with a focus on OSS projects like blockchain. It covers ARM’s key concepts and the Apriori algorithm for generating rules. Past ARM applications are mentioned, along with a counseling example. However, the paper stresses the need for caution in interpreting ARM’s discovered rules, as they serve as exploratory findings requiring validation by domain experts. Its primary objective is to demonstrate ARM’s value as a potent data analysis tool for researchers in various fields.  
   
  References 1. Foucault, M., Palyart, M., Blanc, X., Murphy, G.C., Falléri, J.R.: Impact of developer turnover on quality in open-source software. In: 2015 10th Joint Meeting of the European Software Engineering Conference and the ACM SIGSOFT Symposium on the Foundations of Software Engineering, ESEC/FSE 2015 – Proceedings, pp. 829–841 (2018) 2. Bosu, A., Iqbal, A., Shahriyar, R., Chakraborty, P.: Understanding the motivations, challenges and needs of blockchain software developers: a survey. Empir. Softw. Eng. 24, 2636–2673 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10664-019-09708-7 3. Garagol, D., Nilsson, O.: Public blockchain communities A study on how governance mechanisms are expressed within blockchain communities (2018) 4. Lindman, J.: What open source software research can teach us about public blockchain (s)?— lessons for practitioners and future research. Front. Hum. Dyn. 3, 1–7 (2021). https://doi.org/ 10.3389/fhumd.2021.642556 5. Chakraborty, P., Shahriyar, R., Iqbal, A., Bosu, A.: Understanding the software development practices of blockchain projects. In: Proceedings of the 12th ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering and Measurement, 11 October 2018, pp. 1–10. ACM, New York (2018) 6. Almogahed, A., Omar, M.: Refactoring techniques for improving software quality: practitioners ’ perspectives. J. Inf. Commun. Technol. 4, 511–539 (2021) 7. Kaur, R., Chahal, K.K.: Exploring factors affecting developer abandonment of open source software projects. J. Softw. Evol. Process. 4, 1–21 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1002/smr.2484  
   
  Examining the Software Developers’ Perception  
   
  299  
   
  8. Calefato, F., Gerosa, M.A., Iaffaldano, G., Lanubile, F., Steinmacher, I.: Will you come back to contribute? Investigating the inactivity of OSS core developers in GitHub. Empir. Softw. Eng. 27, 1–41 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10664-021-10012-6 9. Rashid, M., Clarke, P.M., O’Connor, R.V.: Exploring knowledge loss in open source software (OSS) projects. In: Mas, A., Mesquida, A., O’Connor, R.V., Rout, T., Dorling, A. (eds.) SPICE 2017. CCIS, vol. 770, pp. 481–495. Springer, Cham (2017). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3319-67383-7_35 10. Dirose, S., Mansouri, M.: Comparison and analysis of governance mechanisms employed by blockchain-based distributed autonomous organizations. In: 2018 13th System of Systems Engineering Conference, SoSE 2018, pp. 195–202 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/SYSOSE. 2018.8428782 11. Mattila, J.: The blockchain phenomenon: the disruptive potential of distributed consensus architectures. Notes Rec. R. Soc. J. Hist. Sci. 70, 393–395 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1098/ rsnr.2016.0036 12. De Filippi, P., Loveluck, B.: The invisible politics of bitcoin: governance crisis of a decentralized infrastructure. Internet Policy Rev. 5, 1–32 (2016). https://doi.org/10.14763/2016. 3.427 13. Arruñada, B., Garicano, L.: Blockchain: the birth of decentralized governance (2018) 14. Balali, S., Steinmacher, I., Annamalai, U., Sarma, A., Gerosa, M.A.: Newcomers’ barriers… is that all? An analysis of mentors’ and newcomers’ barriers in OSS projects. Comput. Support. Coop. Work 27, 679–714 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10606-018-9310-8 15. Nyman, L., Lindman, J.: Code forking, governance, and sustainability in open source software. Technol. Innov. Manag. Rev. 3, 7–12 (2018). https://doi.org/10.22215/timreview/644 16. Constantino, K., Zhou, S., Souza, M., Figueiredo, E., Kästner, C.: Understanding collaborative software development: an interview study. In: Proceedings - 2020 ACM/IEEE 15th International Conference on Global Software Engineering, ICGSE 2020, pp. 55–65 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1145/3372787.3390442 17. Khan, B., et al.: Evolution of influential developer’s communities in OSS and its impact on quality. Intell. Autom. Soft Comput. 28, 337–352 (2021). https://doi.org/10.32604/iasc.2021. 015034 18. Walton, R.: What do the consequences of environmental, social and governance failures tell us about the motivations for corporate social responsibility? Int. J. Financ. Stud. 10, 1–19 (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/ijfs10010017 19. Shahzad, A., Malik, R.K.: Workplace violence: an extensive issue for nurses in Pakistan: a qualitative investigation. J. Interpers. Violence 29, 2021–2034 (2014). https://doi.org/10. 1177/0886260513516005 20. Iaffaldano, G., Steinmacher, I., Calefato, F., Gerosa, M., Lanubile, F.: Why do developers take breaks from contributing to OSS projects? A preliminary analysis. In: Proceedings - 2019 IEEE/ACM 2nd International Workshop on Software Health, SoHeal 2019, pp. 9–16 (2019) 21. Ugur, O., Arisoy, A.A., Can Ganiz, M., Bolac, B.: Descriptive and prescriptive analysis of construction site incidents using decision tree classification and association rule mining. In: 2021 International Conference on INnovations in Intelligent SysTems and Applications, INISTA 2021 - Proceedings (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/INISTA52262.2021.9548427 22. Pawlicka, A., Tomaszewska, R., Krause, E., Jaroszewska-Chora´s, D., Pawlicki, M., Chora´s, M.: Has the pandemic made us more digitally literate? Innovative association rule mining study of the relationships between shifts in digital skills and cybersecurity awareness occurring whilst working remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. J. Ambient Intell. Humaniz. Comput. (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/s12652-022-04371-1 23. Ayhan, B.U., Do˘gan, N.B., Tokdemir, O.B.: An association rule mining model for the assessment of the correlations between the attributes of severe accidents. J. Civ. Eng. Manag. 26, 315–330 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3846/jcem.2020.12316  
   
  300  
   
  A. Abd Wahab et al.  
   
  24. Xu, B., Jones, D.R., Shao, B.: Volunteers’ involvement in online community based software development. Inf. Manag. 46, 151–158 (2009). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.im.2008.12.005 25. Hars, A., Ou, S.: Working for free? Motivations for participating in open-source projects. Int. J. Electron. Commer. 6, 25–39 (2002). https://doi.org/10.1080/10864415.2002.11044241 26. Tiwana, A., McLean, E.: Expertise integration and creativity in information systems development. J. Manag. Inf. Syst. 22, 13–43 (2018) 27. Stewart, K.J., Gosain, S.: The impact of ideology on effectiveness in open source software development teams. MIS Q. 30, 291–314 (2006) 28. Tiwana, A.: Platform desertion by app developers. J. Manag. Inf. Syst. 32, 40–77 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1080/07421222.2015.1138365 29. Green, P., Robb, A., Rohde, F.H.: A model for assessing information systems success and its application to e-logistics tracking systems. Pac. Asia J. Assoc. Inf. Syst. 6(4), 39–68 (2014) 30. Barki, H., Hartwick, J.: Measuring user participation, user involvement, and user attitude. MIS Q. 18, 59 (2006). https://doi.org/10.2307/249610 31. Vadlamani, S.L., Baysal, O.: Studying software developer expertise and contributions in stack overflow and GitHub. In: Proceedings - 2020 IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance and Evolution, pp. 312–323 (2020) 32. Gupta, P.R., Mane, P., Mirji, H.: Application of data mining techniques for measuring and predicting employee performances in automotive industry. Am. J. Econ. Bus. Manag. 6(1), 10–18 (2023)  
   
  Support Vector Machine for Satellite Images Classification Using Radial Basis Function Kernel Method Nur Suhaili Mansor1(B) , Hapini Awang1 , Sarkin Tudu Shehu Malami2 , Amirulikhsan Zolkafli1 , Mohammed Ahmed Taiye3 , and Hanhan Maulana4 1 Institute for Advanced and Smart Digital Opportunities, School of Computing,  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Department of Computer Science and Information Technology, Faculty of Science, Sokoto State University Sokoto, Sokoto 852101, Nigeria 3 Department of Cultural Sciences, Faculty of Arts and Humanities, Linnaeus University, 351 95 Vaxjo, Sweden 4 Department of Informatics Engineering and Computer Science, Universitas Komputer Indonesia, Bandung 40134, Indonesia  
   
  Abstract. Machine learning, particularly Support Vector Machines (SVM), has gained popularity in geospatial data processing and image classification. Geospatial data from various sources may contain errors, impacting image classification accuracy. Traditional pixel-based and object-based methods struggle to classify complex land cover classes accurately. Previous studies explored machine learning algorithms like Random Forests, K-Nearest Neighbors, and Neural Networks. Still, they faced challenges capturing intricate relationships within images and required substantial labeled training data, leading to computational expenses. SVM with polynomial kernels was attempted in some studies, but it suffered from potential overfitting and inefficiency for large datasets. To overcome these issues, this study employed SVM with RBF and Linear kernels to classify multispectral satellite images from the SPOT-6 Satellite Imagery dataset in Sungai Kelang, Malaysia. Previous research evaluated each kernel’s performance accuracy compared using a test dataset, utilizing open-source tools like Jupyter Notebooks and Python libraries to explore SVM’s potential as a high-performance satellite image classification technique. The findings revealed that SVM with RBF kernel outperformed SVM with polynomial or linear kernels in classifying satellite images. The RBF kernel’s robustness allowed SVM to model intricate decision boundaries and capture complex patterns in the image data, making it suitable for tasks with non-linearly separable data. The study introduces a new methodology and theoretical contribution to image classification-related literature, shedding light on the efficacy of SVM-RBF for geospatial data processing. It provides an alternative to traditional approaches for complex image classification tasks. Moreover, the research assists in selecting the optimal algorithm for remote sensing and satellite imagery applications. Keywords: Support Vector Machine · Geospatial · Image Classification · Radial basis function (RBF) Kernel · Linear Kernel © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 301–312, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_23  
   
  302  
   
  N. S. Mansor et al.  
   
  1 Introduction Geospatial technologies is a field of study in which multispectral refers to using multiple electromagnetic radiation wavelengths or spectral bands for analysis and mapping [1]. Satellite image classification is a technique that involves grouping pixels with similar radiance or digital number values across various image bands or data channels [2]. In addition, applying different statistical learning techniques has become instrumental in extracting valuable information from remote sensing data [3]. Multispectral data in geospatial typically involves the integration of remote sensing imagery with spatial data layers, allowing for a more comprehensive understanding of geographic phenomena [4]. Multispectral remote sensing images are crucial in various fields, including environmental monitoring, agriculture, forestry, urban planning, disaster assessment, and resource exploration [5]. They enable researchers, scientists, and decision-makers to gain insights into the Earth’s features, changes over time, and environmental conditions by leveraging different materials’ distinct spectral signatures and interactions of other materials with electromagnetic radiation. Prior studies used traditional methods of handling multispectral remote sensing images, such as pixel-based methods [6] and object-based methods [7]. However, the conventional method faces challenges in complex applications due to distributional assumptions and the nature of the input data image [8]. Older approaches also have limitations in accurately classifying and interpreting multispectral data due to difficulties extracting complex characteristics [9]. Recent studies have shown that intelligent computing systems, such as machine learning (ML) tools like the Random Forests, K-Nearest Neighbors, and Neural Networks, offer interesting classification task results but face challenges capturing intricate relationships within images and requiring substantial training data, leading to higher computational cost [10, 11]. Support vector machine (SVM) with polynomial kernels can effectively replace conventional statistical methods in handling multispectral remote sensing image classification problems [2]. Although this method requires more processing resources, it has been found to have potential overfitting and inefficiency for large datasets. This study aims to improve the existing methods in handling multispectral remote sensing image classification problems; perhaps a new approach is needed, one that requires less computing power and provides more accurate results. This study utilizes Python libraries and data science tools such as Jupyter Notebook to perform SVM classification with a radial basis function kernel approach, addressing a gap in the existing literature. Figures 1 and 2 depict satellite images of the study area, while Figs. 3 and 4 illustrate the ground truth data for training samples and compare them with the data. Generating supervised training sample datasets necessitates carefully collecting ground truth data through surveys using georeferenced satellite image data.  
   
  Support Vector Machine for Satellite Images Classification  
   
  303  
   
  1.1 Support Vector Machine (SVM) Support Vector Machine (SVM) is a learning theory developed to address the challenge of pattern recognition and construct classification and regression methods across various technological disciplines, including remote sensing [2]. The concept of decision surfaces forms the foundation of SVM [12]. In addition, multi-class classification using SVM has also been studied [13]. SVM divides classes using a decision surface that maximizes the margin between them, often called the “optimal hyperplane.” To create training sample sets, support vectors of the data points close to this hyperplane are essential [14].  
   
  2 Related Studies Multispectral remote sensing images have emerged as a vital tool across diverse fields, including agriculture [15], forestry [10], environmental monitoring [16], urban planning [17], and disaster management [18]. These images’ extensive research and utilization have paved the way for significant advancements. For instance, a study by [18] in the Caraga Region of Mindanao, Philippines, focused on mapping Falcata plantations using ML classifiers and Sentinel-2 satellite imagery. The ML classifier achieved an impressive overall accuracy of 90.90% with a 10-m resolution image, while Linear SVM classifiers attained 92.05% accuracy with a 20-m resolution image. Based on these findings, the study recommended using ML for Falcata mapping at a 10-m resolution and Linear or RBF SVM at a 20-m resolution. The researchers also emphasized the potential of parameter optimization to enhance classification accuracy further. Another noteworthy exploration in multispectral remote sensing is the study conducted by [16], which utilized ML algorithms to map inselbergs in Brazil. Inselbergs are rocky outcrops with high biodiversity that require conservation. The researchers employed image classification techniques and geospatial modeling to address these areas’ anthropogenic and climate change threats. The models achieved remarkable accuracy and kappa values, with algorithms such as Gradient Boosting Machine, Support Vector Machines with Radial Basis Function Kernel, C5.0, and Random Forest outperforming others. This methodology holds promise for selecting and managing Inselberg landscapes worldwide. In a different context, [2] focused on classifying multispectral satellite images using SVM and compared its accuracy against conventional methods. The study utilized data from LISS-3 and AWIFS sensors on the Resourcesat-1 satellite. Open-source tools were leveraged to explore the potential of SVM for high-performance satellite image classification. The findings demonstrated the efficacy of SVM in achieving accurate classification results. While these studies have significantly contributed to multispectral remote sensing, it is crucial to acknowledge that they often demand substantial computing power and processing resources to achieve higher accuracy. Consequently, future research should explore alternative approaches that mitigate the computational requirements while delivering more precise results. This avenue of inquiry involves investigating techniques to optimize computational efficiency, developing novel algorithms that demand fewer resources, and capitalizing on advancements in hardware and software technologies.  
   
  304  
   
  N. S. Mansor et al.  
   
  Thus, the extensive research and utilization of multispectral remote-sensing images have revolutionized various domains. The examples cited above demonstrate the potential of ML classifiers, SVM, and other algorithms in achieving accurate results for tasks such as mapping Falcata plantations, identifying critical areas for conservation, and classifying multispectral satellite images. However, achieving enhanced accuracy is imperative to address the need for higher computing power and processing resources. Future research should strive to develop alternative approaches that balance computational requirements and improved precision, ensuring the wider accessibility and practical implementation of multispectral remote sensing technologies. By doing so, researchers can unlock the full potential of these images and pave the way for groundbreaking advancements in various applications.  
   
  3 Methodology The SVM classification technique was employed in the study’s analysis to classify satellite images and determine accuracy. The maximum likelihood estimator selects statistical model parameters to generate a distribution that closely matches the observed data. However, this approach encounters challenges when dealing with complex scenarios involving distributional assumptions and the nature of the input data. Recent research has shown that intelligent computing systems, such as SVM, can effectively address multispectral remote sensing image classification issues and be a viable alternative to conventional statistical techniques. SVM uses the “one against one approach” for multiclass classification, wherein n (n−1)/2 classifier models are built, with n representing the number of classes [12]. Although the method requires more processing time, it has been shown to achieve higher accuracy. Open-source Python libraries such as matplotlib, NumPy, image, and sci-kit-learn were utilized in this study for image classification and for creating training sample data [11, 19–21]. In addition, Jupyter Notebook and other data science tools were employed for SVM classification. Figure 1 and 2 display the study area’s satellite image and the training samples’ ground truth data. Generating supervised training sample datasets involves meticulously collecting ground truth data through surveys using georeferenced satellite image data.  
   
  Support Vector Machine for Satellite Images Classification  
   
  305  
   
  Fig. 1. Training Sample 1  
   
  Fig. 2. Training Sample 2  
   
  Overall, the methods used SVM-RBF to optimize the model’s performance, improve generalization, and accurately classify images into their respective categories. The data was collected from Sungai, Kelang is known as the Kelang River; it is a significant river in Malaysia that flows through the state of Selangor, which include the capital city, Kuala Lumpur, and eventually discharges into the Malacca Strait. The kelang river is one of the major rivers in the Klang Valley region and plays a crucial role in water supply, transportation, and recreational activities for the local communities. To achieve the aim and objectives of the research, the researchers resorted to choosing the appropriate software for accessing and processing the SPOT-6 satellite imagery. This study used popular remote sensing software like ENVI and Erdas Imagine and open-source tools like GDAL and RSGISLib for data collection.  
   
  306  
   
  N. S. Mansor et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. Normalization of Images Output  
   
  Fig. 4. Sample Sites within the Study Area Used for Training Purpose  
   
  3.1 Classification Workflow Before conducting the actual image classification using two different approaches, analyzing multispectral remote sensing data involves several steps. These include georeferencing, image registration to a reference image, and sub-setting selected image regions from the scene [22]. In a workflow configuration (see Fig. 5), these geographic procedures were performed sequentially, one after the other. The input dataset and image  
   
  Support Vector Machine for Satellite Images Classification  
   
  307  
   
  data format in this workflow are JPG files. In addition, georeferencing satellite images requires assigning geographic coordinates (latitude and longitude) to each image pixel. This georeferenced data is crucial for subsequent geospatial operations. Georeferencing can enhance the model’s accuracy by improving the certainty of the geographic location for each image pixel when the input image is registered to a reference image. Select a region of interest by performing image subsetting to classify the images. Next, the SVM classifier is trained using the provided training sample set. The model is trained after importing the vector data as an image shape. The SVM was then configured to perform supervised classification, assess overall accuracy by validating the classified image, and display more accurate classification results.  
   
  Fig. 5. Workflow  
   
  4 Result and Discussion 4.1 Classification Results The classification accuracy analysis considered five classes, including built-up areas, vegetation, forests, and bodies of water. The selection of training samples for crop classification was determined through ground surveys (Fig. 4). Creating the training sample dataset can be done using a straightforward method since the class of each sample pixel is already known. An experienced remote sensing analyst, who can distinguish between water bodies and land objects based on color combinations, can choose the training samples for other classes based on the spectral properties of the multispectral dataset. Figure 6, designed for this exercise, illustrates the number of training pixels chosen for each class. Additionally, SVM was utilized to classify the images in Fig. 3 and Fig. 4.  
   
  308  
   
  N. S. Mansor et al.  
   
  Fig. 6. Statistics of the Pixels in the Training Set  
   
  Support Vector Machines (SVM) can transform data using various kernel functions, enabling the creation of non-linear decision boundaries. Figure 7 illustrates the overall accuracy of the classified images using the maximum likelihood method and two different SVM kernel functions. This investigation utilized two common SVM kernel types: the linear kernel and the radial basis function (RBF). The overall accuracy refers to the proportion of correctly identified observations to all observations made during the formation of the training sample set. The effect of the accuracy must be evaluated to hyperparameters on the model’s precision. Grid or randomized search over a predefined range to understand the relationship between the accuracy of a machine learning model and the values assigned to its hyperparameters, hyperparameter values have successfully found the optimal combination of hyperparameter values that maximizes the model’s accuracy on the validation or test set.  
   
  Support Vector Machine for Satellite Images Classification  
   
  309  
   
  Fig. 7. Accuracy versus Hyperparameter  
   
  As this is the standard general practice, the training sample data set used for learning was once more used to compute the accuracy. Additionally, this experiment was used to compare SVM performance across several kernel types and to establish the process for SVM classification of satellite photos. The same classifier SVM was applied to the same training sample data set to estimate accuracy using a different kernel to define decision boundaries. This study allows us to investigate various data representations and enhance the model’s performance by comparing the model performance. To learn how the model performs across several classes and to make conclusions about its advantages and disadvantages for a given class. In Fig. 8, an analysis of the bar chart shows that precision, recall, and F1-score predictions show higher precision, recall, and F1-scores for all classes. Still, trade-offs may exist depending on the problem and the importance of different evaluation metrics. To gain insights into the model’s confidence in its predictions and the trade-off between precision and recall. This paper examines the precision-recall graph and analyzes the probabilities for each class. These insights can help understand the model’s behavior, optimize classification thresholds, and help agriculture, land administrators and disaster management, and policymakers to make an informed decision based on the desired precision-recall trade-off. Figure 9 below shows the probability of each class, accuracy, and confidence of the model. Classes 4 and 5 have the highest chance, with 93% each. Class 3 has 82%, class 1 has achieved 81%, and finally, cropland class 2 has a probability of 57%.  
   
  310  
   
  N. S. Mansor et al.  
   
  Fig. 8. Generating the Classification Report  
   
  Fig. 9. Calculated Probabilities of each Class  
   
  5 Conclusion The results demonstrate that the SVM algorithm with Radial Basis Function (RBF) outperforms the SVM with Polynomial Kernel or Linear Kernel approaches in classifying satellite images using the linear kernel and Radial Basis Function (RBF). The overall average accuracy for SVM Radial Basis Function (RBF) and the previous polynomial model is greater than 80%. Several classification experiments were conducted to validate the assertion that the accuracy of the SVM model can be enhanced for the region with less than 89% accuracy. Further improvements can be achieved by employing alternative kernel types, such as the sigmoid function, and refining parameters like the degree of  
   
  Support Vector Machine for Satellite Images Classification  
   
  311  
   
  bias in the kernel function. These parameters can be evaluated in terms of performance with different kernel types, potentially leading to improved accuracy in future studies focused on the segmentation of multispectral satellite images. Acknowledgment. This research is supported by the Universiti Utara Malaysia (UUM)Universitas Komputer Indonesia (UNIKOM) Matching Grant: S/O Code: 21529.  
   
  References 1. Fahad, S., Tariq, A., Mousa, B.G., Mumtaz, F., Aslam, M.: Spatiotemporal variation in land use land cover in the response to local climate change using multispectral remote sensing data. Landsc. Urban Plan. 4, 1–24 (2022) 2. Manthira Moorthi, S., Misra, I., Kaur, R., Darji, N.P., Ramakrishnan, R.: Kernel-based learning approach for satellite image classification using support vector machine. In: 2011 IEEE Recent Advances in Intelligent Computational Systems, RAICS 2011, pp. 107–110 (2021). https:// doi.org/10.1109/RAICS.2011.6069282 3. Tien Bui, D., Tuan, T.A., Klempe, H., Pradhan, B., Revhaug, I.: Spatial prediction models for shallow landslide hazards: a comparative assessment of the efficacy of support vector machines, artificial neural networks, kernel logistic regression, and logistic model tree. Landslides 13, 361–378 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10346-015-0557-6 4. Lü, G., et al.: Reflections and speculations on the progress in Geographic Information Systems (GIS): a geographic perspective. Int. J. Geogr. Inf. Sci. 33, 346–367 (2019). https://doi.org/ 10.1080/13658816.2018.1533136 5. Fan, K., Su, W.: Applications of fluorescence spectroscopy, RGB- and multispectral imaging for quality determinations of white meat: a review. MDPI 2, 1–30 (2022) 6. Yan, Z., Ma, L., He, W., Zhou, L., Lu, H., Liu, G.: Comparing object-based and pixel-based methods for local climate zones mapping with multi-source data. MDPI 3, 1–30 (2022) 7. Ghorbanzadeh, O., Shahabi, H., Crivellari, A.: Landslide detection using deep learning and object - based image analysis. Landslides 2, 929–939 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10346021-01843-x 8. Hu, X., et al.: Hyperspectral anomaly detection using deep learning: a review. MDPI 4, 1–30 (2022) 9. Jiang, J., Feng, F., Lian, X., Zhang, L.: Long-term active integrator prediction in the evaluation of code contributions. In: Proceedings of the International Conference on Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering, SEKE, January 2016, pp. 177–182 (2016). https:// doi.org/10.18293/SEKE2016-030 10. Jackson, C.M., Adam, E.: Machine learning classification of endangered tree species in a tropical submontane forest using worldview-2 multispectral satellite imagery and imbalanced dataset. Remote Sens. 13, 1–10 (2021). https://doi.org/10.3390/rs13244970 11. Muzumdar, P., Basyal, G.P., Vyas, P.: An empirical comparison of machine learning models for student’s mental health illness assessment. Asian J. Comput. Inf. Syst. 10(1), 1–10 (2022). https://doi.org/10.24203/ajcis.v10i1.6882 12. Georgoula, I., Pournarakis, D., Bilanakos, C., Sotiropoulos, D.N., Giaglis, G.M.: Using timeseries and sentiment analysis to detect the determinants of bitcoin prices. SSRN Electron. J. (2015).https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2607167 13. Khalil, U., Imtiaz, I., Aslam, B., Ullah, I., Tariq, A., Qin, S.: Comparative analysis of machine learning and multi-criteria decision making techniques for landslide susceptibility mapping of Muzaffarabad district. Front. Environ. Sci. 10 (2022). https://doi.org/10.3389/fenvs.2022. 1028373  
   
  312  
   
  N. S. Mansor et al.  
   
  14. Can, A., Dagdelenler, G., Ercanoglu, M., Sonmez, H.: Landslide susceptibility mapping at Ovacık-Karabük (Turkey) using different artificial neural network models: comparison of training algorithms. Bull. Eng. Geol. Environ. 78, 89–102 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1007/ s10064-017-1034-3 15. Subba Reddy, T., Harikiran, J.: Hyperspectral image classification using support vector machines. IAES Int. J. Artif. Intell. 9, 684–690 (2020). https://doi.org/10.11591/ijai.v9.i4. pp684-690 16. da Silveira, V.A., et al.: Modeling and mapping of Inselberg habitats for environmental conservation in the Atlantic Forest and Caatinga domains. Brazil. Environ. Adv. 8, 1–18 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.envadv.2022.100209 17. Hekmatmanesh, A., Huapeng, Wu., Jamaloo, F., Li, M., Handroos, H.: A combination of CSP-based method with soft margin SVM classifier and generalized RBF kernel for imagerybased brain computer interface applications. Multimedia Tools Appl. 79(25–26), 17521– 17549 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11042-020-08675-2 18. Santillan, J.R., Gesta, J.L.E.: Evaluation of machine learning classifiers for mapping Falcata plantations in Sentinel-2 image. Int. Arch. Photogramm. Remote. Sens. Spat. Inf. Sci. XLIIIB3-2021, 103–108 (2021). https://doi.org/10.5194/isprs-archives-XLIII-B3-2021-103-2021 19. Pham, B.T., Khosravi, K., Prakash, I.: Application and comparison of decision tree-based machine learning methods in landside susceptibility assessment at Pauri Garhwal Area, Uttarakhand, India. Environ. Process. 4(3), 711–730 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1007/s40710017-0248-5 20. Yusof, Y., Fajila, F.: Artificial intelligence and machine learning in education, chap. 7. In: Digital Transformation for the University of the Future, pp. 121–141. World Scientific Publishing Co. Pte. Ltd. (2022). https://doi.org/10.1142/9789811254154_0007 21. Lee, H.S., Gweon, G.H., Lord, T., Paessel, N., Pallant, A., Pryputniewicz, S.: Machine learning-enabled automated feedback: supporting students’ revision of scientific arguments based on data drawn from simulation. J. Sci. Educ. Technol. 30, 168–192 (2021). https://doi. org/10.1007/s10956-020-09889-7 22. Sharma, G., Kumar, K.: Acceleration of images via software and hardware using proprietary tools & open sources for healthcare industry. Int. J. Image Graph. Sig. Process. 9, 10–22 (2017). https://doi.org/10.5815/ijigsp.2017.07.02  
   
  Harnessing Technology for Sustainable Development  
   
  A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework for Software Sustainability Bakr Ba-Quttayyan1  
   
  , Haslina Mohd1,2(B)  
   
  , and Yuhanis Yusof1  
   
  1 School of Computing, College of Arts and Sciences, University Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok,  
   
  Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Data Management and Software Solution (DMSS), School of Computing, College of Arts and Sciences, University Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. In software development, test cases are stored for later use, such as retesting or regression testing. Optimization is one of the approaches used in regression testing, particularly test case prioritization (TCP). TCP aims to rapidly uncover defects during software development. Existing TCP methods lack reliability and suffer from efficiency and effectiveness due to insufficient evaluation, reproducibility, and benchmarking. Currently, no existing TCP framework is integrated with the hybrid PSO-ABC optimization method. This paper aims to introduce a TCP framework that includes five factors, namely fault detection and severity, test case dependency, clustered test cases, and test input, which are used to prioritize test cases. The process starts by determining three factors from the literature (i.e., fault detection and severity, as well as clustered test cases) and contributing the other two (i.e., test case dependency and test input) to seek better optimization. Historical data from previous runs regarding these TCP factors were extracted and stored for analysis. The proposed TCP framework was verified by ten experts, and it was learned that this framework received positive feedback. TCP is closely related to the longevity of software since it can ensure that systems remain reliable, dependable, and maintainable over time. By identifying and prioritizing essential test cases, developers can focus their testing efforts on the areas of the system that are most likely to be affected by changes. Keywords: Test Case Prioritization · Swarm Intelligence · Multi-objective optimization  
   
  1 Introduction Computer software continuously undergoes multiple modifications to cope with the changing needs of stakeholders. Such modifications may lead to a potential risk of errors. Because humans are fallible, there is a need to correct mistakes, especially in the software systems domain. Testing software is needed first to ensure its quality and acceptability and, secondly, to discover software problems [1]. Hence, testing and retesting functionalities and non-functionalities of the system after source code modification is conducted to ensure that the modifications do not adversely affect the system by © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 315–329, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_24  
   
  316  
   
  B. Ba-Quttayyan et al.  
   
  bringing up bugs when executing the source code. This software testing technique is called regression testing [2, 3]. Regression testing is an unavoidable and significantly integral activity in software development performed once an alteration occurs in the software under development [4]. Since it consumes time and budget, software system development without regression testing is hazardous [1, 5]. Such an important step is time-consuming compared to other steps in the whole process of development. Regression testing can be carried out in various ways, in which test case prioritization is one of the most effective ways [4]. Test case prioritization (TCP) is the process of optimizing test cases by effectively rearranging them to attain a performance goal, such as early fault detection [6]. The aim of regression testing, i.e., TCP as well, is to increase the fault detection rate. Hence, researchers proposed code-based, fault-based, requirement-based, multi-objective, and other methods to enhance testing performance, as depicted in Table 1. Table 1. Existing TCP Methods TCP method  
   
  Aim  
   
  Studies  
   
  Code-based  
   
  To expose faults by attaining code coverage based on code aspects such as statements, branches, methods, loops, etc.  
   
  [6–8]  
   
  Fault-based  
   
  To detect errors by achieving coverage of fault-prone areas using fault history or probability  
   
  [9, 10]  
   
  Requirement-based  
   
  To reveal defects by reaching the requirements coverage  
   
  [11–13]  
   
  Multi-objective  
   
  To uncover software bugs by incorporating coverage of multiple factors  
   
  [14, 15]  
   
  Other methods  
   
  To find faults by gaining coverage of other aspects related to [16–18] software criteria  
   
  Table 1 summarizes the current TCP methods in the literature, their aims, and related studies. The code-based TCP methods are broadly popular, in which their focus is concentrated on achieving maximum code coverage for revealing defects. Fault-based TCP methods mainly focus on fault-proneness, where fault history, impacts, and probability are utilized. Requirement-based TCP techniques attain coverage of stakeholder requirements to build confidence in software functionality. On the contrary, employing multiple factors in optimizing test cases is gaining popularity due to their performance. Finally, several TCP methods apply different aspects of the information related to software development for test optimization. With the increasing use of multi-objective optimization to solve NP-hard problems, TCP has been treated as a multi-factor problem in the research community [19, 20]. On the contrary, using a single factor for optimizing test cases restricts the ability of the optimized test cases to locate faults and minimizes the flexibility of the technique against the increased complexity of regression testing and other practical considerations [2, 22]. So, multi-objective optimization methods in TCP received wide acceptance and popularity in the research society because they surpassed single optimization methods  
   
  A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework  
   
  317  
   
  in several aspects, such as their capability to cope with the increasing complexity of test case optimization and tackle two or more objectives for optimization [22–25]. Also, their capability to accelerate fault detection ability, maximize coverage criteria, minimize cost, provide better performance in industrial case studies, and provide better distributions of the weighted average percent of faults detected (APFD) metric values makes them widely acceptable [22, 26, 27]. This paper aims to contribute four aspects to the body of knowledge, as follows: • A new method for optimizing test cases through multiple factors mainly focuses on testware without considering the source code in optimizing test cases. • New optimizing factors were introduced to the literature in the prioritization activity. • A new implementation of the hybrid swarm algorithm in TCP coped with tackling the optimization process. • A new weighted objective (fitness) function was formulated to handle these factors for the optimization process. This paper proposes a new TCP framework in which five factors, namely fault detection and severity, test case dependency, clustered test cases, and test input, are considered for optimizing test cases. The framework uses a hybrid swarm algorithm to tackle the multi-objective optimization process. This proposed framework aims to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the testing process by involving different factors and focusing on the testware artifacts and their historical data. The rest of this paper is organized as follows: Sect. 2 discusses the related works of literature. Section 3 elaborates on the proposed work, and Sect. 5 concludes this paper and highlights directions for future research.  
   
  2 Related Work Increasing demand for optimization-based solutions to real-world problems prompted the application of computational intelligence to these issues. In the meantime, artificial intelligence (AI) techniques and algorithms have become extremely popular with their application in several software engineering and testing fields. AI techniques have been frequently implemented in regression testing for optimizing test cases, particularly in the TCP [28]. The literature survey revealed several studies that involve the application of nature-inspired algorithms in the TCP domain. A close look at the research community shows several works published in the TCP field since its first appearance in the literature in 1997. For example, Kim and Porter [29], Aggrawal et al. [30], Srikanth et al. [31], and Korel et al. [32] proposed works on TCP. However, these are traditional works with several issues compared to other search-based techniques, i.e., AI [33, 34]. Mirarab and Tahvildari [35] introduced the first TCP framework based on Bayesian Networks (BN), which rely on probability theory. However, BN is challenging to build and use, as well as time-consuming during execution [22, 36]. Swarm intelligence algorithms are recently gaining increasing usage among researchers for solving challenging optimization problems due to their powerful performance and flexibility [37, 38]. Concerning TCP, swarm intelligence algorithms were  
   
  318  
   
  B. Ba-Quttayyan et al.  
   
  widely used due to their effectiveness in solving NP-hard problems, ease of implementation, and shorter computation time, among other AI techniques [37–39]. There are several swarm intelligence studies based on TCP, such as Lu and Zhong [40], Manaswini and Rama Mohan Reddy [41], Su et al. [42], Pathik et al. [43], and Singhal et al. [44]. Hence, researchers argued that hybrid swarm algorithms outperform single swarm algorithms in optimizing test cases [39, 45]. It was also reported that multi-factor (multi-objective) TCP outperforms single-factor TCP for several reasons, such as their capability to cope with the increasing complexity of test case optimization and to tackle two or more objectives for optimization [22–25, 46]. Likewise, TCP, as a maintenance activity, can favorably affect the production of sustainable software towards reliable functionality in the long term. Currently, the term “sustainability” is frequently used in requests for research proposals and conference sessions, as well as in ICOCI proceedings. In the software engineering domain, sustainability comprises five pillars: environmental, social, economic, technical, and individual (i.e., human), in which sustainability is treated as a quality objective [47, 48]. As stated by [48], testing activities can directly affect technical and economic sustainability, as well as the three other dimensions indirectly. Thus, TCP contributes to producing sustainable software by reducing the overall cost, time, and effort required, as well as producing reliable software functionalities that last longer for long-term use. In summary, existing TCP techniques lack reliability and suffer from efficiency and effectiveness issues for several reasons, such as evaluation issues, results reproducibility issues, comparison issues, more hybridization among swarm algorithms that needed to be involved, and more practical factors that needed to be incorporated in optimizing test cases [4, 36, 49, 50]. This leads to introducing more TCP methods and trying more new TCP factors to enhance testing efficiency and effectiveness. Therefore, the following section describes the proposed TCP framework of the study and details the process involved for each component in the framework.  
   
  3 Proposed Work The TCP strategy is one of the means to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of software testing, particularly regression testing. This section explains the development of the proposed TCP framework in detail, where the framework focuses mainly on the available testware for exposing faults, as the absence of source code cannot affect the process of optimization. Basically, this TCP framework consists of three main components: inputs, processes, and outputs. The inputs to the system are unit test cases (test suites) and historical data (i.e., data related to previous test runs, such as a fault matrix). The process consists of two stages. First, extract data related to the five TCP factors (indicators) and store those indicators in a file. The indicators that are extracted are emphasized as numbers. For the fault detection factor, the indicator is the number of faults detected by a test case and the fault severity indicated by the fault impact level. Test case dependency is indicated by the number of test cases that a specific test case depends on or must run before. Although test cases were classified dissimilarly, no two similar test cases are in the same group. The risk is high when the user keys in data to the system, so responsible test cases for that part are given higher priority than others.  
   
  A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework  
   
  319  
   
  All these indicators are stored in a spreadsheet file. Next, the spreadsheet file is passed to the optimization part for the preparation of the suitable artifact. Lastly, the intended outputs of the framework are the optimized test cases. Further details are in the following subsections. The proposed TCP framework is presented in Fig. 1.  
   
  Fig. 1. The proposed TCP framework  
   
  The development of the proposed TCP framework consists of four distinct steps. These steps include selecting TCP factors, designing a weighted fitness function that represents the five TCP factors in the optimization process, the identification of a hybrid swarm algorithm for managing the optimization process, and the evaluation of the developed framework. The following subsections provide a comprehensive breakdown of each of these steps. 3.1 Determination of Test Case Prioritization Factors Regarding TCP factors, the most deployed factors are fault detection, code coverage (statement, branch, loop, decision, function, and comments), fault coverage, and requirements [7, 49, 51, 52]. Nevertheless, this study utilized five TCP factors, in which three were selected from the literature, while the remaining two were new. Determining fault detection and severity as parts of this framework are based on two aspects; the first one is related to the theory of fault-based testing, and the second is the judgment of Hao et al. [53], as the main aim of regression testing is fault detection and most efforts surround this aim. Clustering test cases in a certain way also adds benefits to the optimization, where classifying test cases based on dissimilarity outperforms similarity techniques and gains popularity due to its effectiveness and performance [54–56]. Furtherly, the test case dependency is recommended to be utilized in optimizing test cases by Harman  
   
  320  
   
  B. Ba-Quttayyan et al.  
   
  [24] and Onoma [57] due to practice needs. Finally, user inputs are risky due to the nature of human beings as fallible beings. As guided by fault-based testing theory and the aim of regression testing, risk needs to be managed and reduced by covering the risk area using test cases with the aim of exposing faults [1, 58, 59]. Hence, these factors are described in Table 2 below. Table 2. TCP Factors Factor  
   
  Description  
   
  Performance  
   
  Fault detection  
   
  The ability of test Measures test cases to detect faults as effectiveness early as possible  
   
  Used in [9, 10]  
   
  Fault severity  
   
  The detected defect impact level on the software  
   
  Used in [60–62]  
   
  Test case dependency  
   
  The degree of Determines which test As reported in [24], dependency among test cases should be or are the Contribution cases preferred to run before others  
   
  Clustered test cases  
   
  Grouping test cases on Decides which pattern a pattern basis, such as group of test cases run similarity or first dissimilarity  
   
  Used in [54, 63–65]  
   
  Test Input  
   
  The risk of user input to the software  
   
  Contribution  
   
  Identifies the possible damage to software caused by an error  
   
  Gives a privileged for risky tests based on user input to be run first  
   
  Source  
   
  Table 2 elaborates on the selected TCP factors with a brief description, performance, and studies related to these factors. The development of the framework is based on the theory of fault-based testing by Morell [66, 67]. This theory assumes that there is a relationship between a program, its specifications, and test sets. Due to this theory, the focus of the design of the TCP framework is concentrated on testware and test sets with the goal of exposing faults. In terms of the fault detection factor, Hao et al. [53] reported that TCP has one primary objective (i.e., fault detection) and several secondary objectives (e.g., structural coverage or risk coverage), in which fault detection is a measure of regression testing effectiveness, and enhancing early fault detection is the aim of this study. In this paper, fault detection is identified as the test case’s ability to detect faults, i.e., the number of faults detected by the test case. Fault severity has been used in TCP since 2001 by Elbaum et al. [60], in which the impact of faults on software is not equal, and the more severe faults are the first to be detected and fixed. Fault severity cannot be treated as an independent factor for optimization, so it is usually incorporated with other factors such as fault detection, fault coverage, and the cost of test cases [60–62].  
   
  A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework  
   
  321  
   
  For clustering techniques, they have been used in optimizing test cases. Studies [54, 63–65] considered this technique in TCP. Clustering test cases based on the similarity of faults detected [63], clustering test cases based on their similarity [64], and dissimilarity clustering of test cases using historical data analysis [54]. To the best of our knowledge, test case dependency and test input factors have not been used in the regression testing domain before. Harman [24] reported that this soft constraint can be treated as a factor for optimizing test cases (i.e., some test cases must be executed before others to establish a system state or provide better performance in some way). Onoma [57] stated that ignoring test case dependency during the testing process could introduce additional problems. Accordingly, this study exploits test case dependency as one of the TCP factors for seeking a better prioritization process. Testing the input of the software systems can be potentially faulty and delay any system process when users have keyed in (i.e., inserting data manually into the system) rather than generated by systems. Besides, such features in any system are more important to stakeholders and should be precisely tested due to their documented requisition and risky nature related to human fallibility. In other words, test cases with user input are given higher priority than those with input generated by the system. 3.2 Designing Weighted Fitness Function In this TCP framework, each test case under optimization will have five values matched to the factors represented in the fitness function; below is a brief description of each factor. Fault Detection (Maximizing). It represents the ability of a test case to detect a fault, ranging from 0 to 100%. In other words, it means the test case that captures a higher number of faults has higher priority than others, i.e., the range can be from 0 (no fault detected) up to the possible number of faults that the test case can capture [68]. Fault Severity (Maximizing). It indicates the impact level/scale of the detected fault (i.e., possible damage caused by this fault) on the software. According to several researchers [69–71], faults can be categorized into five levels based on their impact (severity), as shown in Table 3 below. Table 3. Fault Severity Categorization Severity  
   
  Level  
   
  Description  
   
  Critical  
   
  5  
   
  Crashes, data loss, severe memory leak  
   
  Major  
   
  4  
   
  Major loss of functionality  
   
  Normal  
   
  3  
   
  Some loss of functionality, regular issues  
   
  Minor  
   
  2  
   
  Minor loss of functionality  
   
  Trivial  
   
  1  
   
  Cosmetic issue  
   
  322  
   
  B. Ba-Quttayyan et al.  
   
  Test Case Dependency (Minimizing Dependency). It denotes the dependability of test cases, whether a test case depends on other test cases or is independent. Hence, there are test cases that should be run before other test cases in which subsequent test cases become possible. For instance, some test cases cannot be appropriately run before others because such test cases establish a system state. Values of dependency ranged from 0 for independent test cases up to several dependent test cases (test cases that must execute before). In other words, a test case with no or less dependency is given higher priority than others. Clustered Test Cases (Minimizing Similarity). It implies the test cases will be classified into several groups based on dissimilarity, so there will not be any two similar test cases in a cluster. Each test case is given a number for its cluster (group number). Any test case located in the first group is given a higher priority than later groups. The start value of the clustered test cases is (1), and no (0) value is accepted. Test Input (Maximize). It presents the input type, i.e., to the system under test (SUT), based on whether input data is keyed in by users or generated by the system. Test input was considered to improve robustness and minimize the SUT’s input risk. The value is represented as a Boolean (0 or 1). If the input to the system were keyed in by the user, the value would be (1), which means the input risk is high. Otherwise, it takes the value 0, which indicates a low-risk test case. In this study, the proposed TCP framework consists of five optimization factors reflected in the fitness function for multi-objective optimization. These factors vary for maximization and minimization and need to be weighted. This study will adapt the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) method for defining the weights of each factor in the TCP framework for further steps. AHP is a popular multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) method introduced in 1980 by Saaty [72]. To assign importance level to the TCP factors, seven experts were involved in scaling the TCP factors, while factors were ranked based on importance degree (i.e., extreme, strong, moderate, low, or least importance). Table 4. Experts’ feedback on scaling the importance of TCP factors Participant  
   
  Fault Detection  
   
  Fault Severity  
   
  Test Case Clustering  
   
  Test Case Dependency  
   
  Test Input  
   
  1  
   
  Strong Importance  
   
  Extreme Importance  
   
  Low Importance  
   
  Least Importance  
   
  Moderate Importance  
   
  2  
   
  Moderate Importance  
   
  Least Importance  
   
  Strong Importance  
   
  Extreme Importance  
   
  Low Importance  
   
  3  
   
  Strong Importance  
   
  Extreme Importance  
   
  Moderate Importance  
   
  Least Importance  
   
  Low Importance  
   
  4  
   
  Extreme Importance  
   
  Strong Importance  
   
  Least Importance  
   
  Low Importance  
   
  Moderate Importance (continued)  
   
  A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework  
   
  323  
   
  Table 4. (continued) Participant  
   
  Fault Detection  
   
  Fault Severity  
   
  Test Case Clustering  
   
  Test Case Dependency  
   
  Test Input  
   
  5  
   
  Moderate Importance  
   
  Extreme Importance  
   
  Least Importance  
   
  Low Importance  
   
  Strong Importance  
   
  6  
   
  Extreme Importance  
   
  Strong Importance  
   
  Moderate Importance  
   
  Low Importance  
   
  Least Importance  
   
  7  
   
  Extreme Importance  
   
  Strong Importance  
   
  Moderate Importance  
   
  Low Importance  
   
  Least Importance  
   
  The experts’ feedback reveals the importance of each factor in the TCP process from the expert’s perspective, as presented in Table 4. To analyze the above ordinal data, steps of descriptive analysis by Kumar [73] were utilized. Accordingly, the TCP factors were ranked based on their importance as fault detection, fault severity, test case clustering, test case dependency, and then test input. After obtaining the importance degree for each TCP factor, AHP was conducted to acquire the weights for each TCP factor. Based on the aforementioned, the fitness function in the first form is designed as follows: f (x) = (min(TCD), max(FD), max(FS), min(CTC), max(TI ))  
   
  (1)  
   
  where: – – – – –  
   
  TCD denotes test cases dependency, FD represents fault detection, FS indicates fault severity, CTC implies clustered test case (the cluster of a test case), TI presents test input.  
   
  By adding the weight for each TCP factor, the fitness function is represented mathematically as: f (x) = (TDC × w1 ) + (FD × w2 ) + (FS × w3 ) + (CTC × w4 ) + (TI × w5 )  
   
  (2)  
   
  where: – wi conveys the weight of each factor. Mathematically, the fitness function can be represented in a short form if we unify the weights symbol and TCP factors: Let T = [TCD FD FS CTC TI], and w = [w1 w2 w3 w4 w5 ] Then f (x) =  
   
  5 i=1  
   
  T (i)w(i)  
   
  (3)  
   
  324  
   
  B. Ba-Quttayyan et al.  
   
  where T represents the five TCP factors, and w represents the weights for every factor. Given the equation above, the test case with the highest score is given the highest priority among others during the optimization process. 3.3 Hybrid Swarm Algorithm for Test Case Prioritization After extracting the data for the five TCP factors regarding each test case and storing them in a file, the test cases are now ready for optimization against the weighted fitness function stated earlier. A hybrid swarm intelligence algorithm was selected to handle the extracted data regarding the five TCP factors. This study utilizes the hybrid swarm algorithm named the “PS–ABC” algorithm, which was proposed by Li et al. [74], to optimize test cases based on the five factors mentioned earlier. This hybrid PS–ABC algorithm is deployed due to the strengths of PSO and ABC in producing global and optimized solutions. Furthermore, it has yet to be reported in any studies concerning the integration of PSO and ABC algorithms in facilitating the TCP.  
   
  4 The Framework Evaluation This proposed TCP framework is evaluated through two processes: verification and validation. For the verification process, a total of ten software testing and quality assurance experts participated in an expert review activity consisting of five, each from academia and industry. The expert review was designed to evaluate this TCP framework based on five evaluation criteria through a five-point Likert scale instrument. The evaluation criteria are understandability, relevancy, consistency, organization, and completeness, which have been used in previous studies such as [75] and [76]. Based on such criteria, 125 invitations were sent through e-mails and social media to potential experts worldwide, where ten experts were chosen for this evaluation activity for feedback analysis due to the completeness of the expert review form. Their feedback was analyzed through descriptive statistics and was significantly positive, which will be discussed and detailed later in future work. Based on the findings of the verification stage, the proposed TCP framework is reliable and practical to be implemented in a real-world environment. The validation process will be carried out after programming this TCP framework, and generally accepted metrics, public benchmarking, and measurements in the regression testing domain will be used. Additionally, the TCP framework will be subjected to controlled experiments utilizing open-source programs sourced from public repositories designated for research purposes in the software testing field. The examination will involve the APFD metric and a comparative analysis with existing TCP studies. It is anticipated that forthcoming reports will detail the outcomes of these delicately conducted experiments.  
   
  5 Conclusion Test cases in software development are reusable as a testing artifact that can be optimized through diverse ways, such as prioritization, reduction, generation, augmentation, as well as automation. Test case prioritization is the process of rescheduling test cases to  
   
  A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework  
   
  325  
   
  attain a performance goal. It can effectively reduce time, cost, and effort in testing and maintenance activities. This study introduces a new TCP framework in which the components and development process are elaborated in detail. The framework takes inputs, extracts indicators for five TCP factors, passes them to an optimization algorithm, and then provides a prioritized test artifact, i.e., optimized test cases. One of the aims of this framework is to provide sustainable software through a testing process that ensures the longevity of software functions over an extended period. The proposed framework is currently under development. In the future, the implemented framework will be empirically evaluated. Acknowledgments. This research was supported by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) under the Consultation Project Grant Scheme (Reference Code: P-58/614). The content of this article is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of MoHE, Malaysia. The authors would also like to extend their gratitude to the Data Management & Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia for their generous support in sponsoring the publication of this article.  
   
  References 1. Jorgensen, P.C., De Vries, B.: Software Testing: A Craftsman’s Approach. CRC Press (2021) 2. Vaidyanathan, S., Lakshmi Priya, B.: Challenges in developing software in today’s scenario: an analysis at developmental stage level. In: Misra, S., et al. (eds.) Confluence of AI, Machine, and Deep Learning in Cyber Forensics, pp. 199–222. IGI Global (2021) 3. Cao, H., Cui, Z., Deng, M., Chu, Y., Meng, Y.: Automatic repair of Java programs with mixed granularity and variable mapping. Inf. Technol. Control. 52, 68–84 (2023). https://doi.org/10. 5755/j01.itc.52.1.30715 4. Ba-Quttayyan, B., Mohd, H., Yusof, Y.: A critical analysis of swarm intelligence for regression test case prioritization. J. Theor. Appl. Inf. Technol. 100, 3997–4025 (2022) 5. Liu, Z., Chen, Q., Jiang, X.: A maintainability spreadsheet-driven regression test automation framework. In: 2013 IEEE 16th International Conference on Computational Science and Engineering, pp. 1181–1184. IEEE (2013) 6. Rothermel, G., Untch, R.H., Chengyun Chu, Harrold, M.J.: Prioritizing test cases for regression testing. IEEE Trans. Softw. Eng. 27, 929–948 (2001). https://doi.org/10.1109/ 32.962562 7. Lu, C., Zhong, J., Xue, Y., Feng, L., Zhang, J.: Ant Colony System with sorting-based local search for coverage-based test case prioritization. IEEE Trans. Reliab. 69, 1004–1020 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1109/TR.2019.2930358 8. Zhu, Y., Liu, F.: Test case prioritization algorithm based on improved code coverage. IAENG Int. J. Comput. Sci. 50, 785 (2023) 9. Yadav, D.K., Dutta, S.: A new cluster-based test case prioritization using cat swarm optimization technique. In: Nath, V., Mandal, J.K. (eds.) Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Microelectronics, Computing and Communication Systems. LNEE, vol. 556, pp. 441–450. Springer, Singapore (2019). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-13-7091-5_36 10. Samad, A., Mahdin, H.B., Kazmi, R., Ibrahim, R., Baharum, Z.: Multiobjective test case prioritization using test case effectiveness: multicriteria scoring method. Sci. Program. 2021, 1–13 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1155/2021/9988987  
   
  326  
   
  B. Ba-Quttayyan et al.  
   
  11. Abbas, M., Inayat, I., Saadatmand, M., Jan, N.: Requirements dependencies-based test case prioritization for extra-functional properties. In: 2019 IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation Workshops (ICSTW), pp. 159–163. IEEE (2019) 12. Dahiya, O., Solanki, K.: An efficient requirement-based test case prioritization technique using optimized TFC-SVM approach. Int. J. Eng. Trends Technol. 69, 5–16 (2021). https:// doi.org/10.14445/22315381/IJETT-V69I1P202 13. Abd Halim, S., Abang Jawawi, D.N., Sahak, M.: Similarity distance measure and prioritization algorithm for test case prioritization in software product line testing. J. Inf. Commun. Technol. 18, 57–75 (2018). https://doi.org/10.32890/jict2019.18.1.8281 14. Vescan, A., Pintea, C.-M., Pop, P.C.: Solving the test case prioritization problem with secure features using Ant Colony System. In: Martínez Álvarez, F., Troncoso Lora, A., Sáez Muñoz, J.A., Quintián, H., Corchado, E. (eds.) CISIS/ICEUTE -2019. AISC, vol. 951, pp. 67–76. Springer, Cham (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-20005-3_7 15. Sun, J., Chen, J., Wang, G.: Multi-objective test case prioritization based on epistatic particle swarm optimization. Int. J. Perform. Eng. 14, 2441–2448 (2018). https://doi.org/10.23940/ ijpe.18.10.p20.24412448 16. Zhang, L., Hou, S.-S., Guo, C., Xie, T., Mei, H.: Time-aware test-case prioritization using integer linear programming. In: Proceedings of the Eighteenth International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis, ISSTA 2009, p. 213. ACM Press, New York (2009) 17. Khatibsyarbini, M., Isa, M.A., Jawawi, D.N.A., Abang, D.N.: A hybrid weight-based and string distances using particle swarm optimization for prioritizing test cases. J. Theor. Appl. Inf. Technol. 95, 2723–2732 (2017) 18. Chen, Z., et al.: Exploring better black-box test case prioritization via log analysis. ACM Trans. Softw. Eng. Methodol. 32, 1–32 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1145/3569932 19. Lu, Y., et al.: How does regression test prioritization perform in real-world software evolution? In: Proceedings of the 38th International Conference on Software Engineering, ICSE 2016, pp. 535–546. ACM Press, New York (2016) 20. Nayak, S., Kumar, C., Tripathi, S., Mohanty, N., Baral, V.: Regression test optimization and prioritization using honeybee optimization algorithm with fuzzy rule base. Soft. Comput. 25, 9925–9942 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/s00500-020-05428-z 21. Bian, Y., Li, Z., Zhao, R., Gong, D.: Epistasis based ACO for regression test case prioritization. IEEE Trans. Emerg. Top. Comput. Intell. 1, 213–223 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/TETCI. 2017.2699228 22. Khatibsyarbini, M., Isa, M.A., Jawawi, D.N.A., Tumeng, R.: Test case prioritization approaches in regression testing: a systematic literature review. Inf. Softw. Technol. 93, 74–93 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.infsof.2017.08.014 23. Harman, M., Jia, Y., Zhang, Y.: Achievements, open problems and challenges for searchbased software testing. In: 2015 IEEE 8th International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST), Graz, Austria, pp. 1–12. IEEE (2015) 24. Harman, M.: Making the case for MORTO: multi-objective regression test optimization. In: 2011 IEEE Fourth International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation Workshops, Berlin, Germany, pp. 111–114. IEEE (2011) 25. De Castro-Cabrera, M.D.C., García-Dominguez, A., Medina-Bulo, I.: Trends in prioritization of test cases: 2017–2019. In: Proceedings of the 35th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing, SAC 2020, Brno, Czech Republic, pp. 2005–2011. Association for Computing Machinery, New York (2020) 26. Parejo, J.A., Sánchez, A.B., Segura, S., Ruiz-Cortés, A., Lopez-Herrejon, R.E., Egyed, A.: Multi-objective test case prioritization in highly configurable systems: a case study. J. Syst. Softw. 122, 287–310 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jss.2016.09.045 27. Ricken, K., Dyck, A.: A survey on multi-objective regression test optimization. In: Full-scale Software Engineering/The Art of Software Testing, pp. 32–37 (2017)  
   
  A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework  
   
  327  
   
  28. Ramírez, A., Feldt, R., Romero, J.R.: A taxonomy of information attributes for test case prioritisation: applicability, machine learning. ACM Trans. Softw. Eng. Methodol. 32, 1–42 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1145/3511805 29. Kim, J.-M., Porter, A.: A history-based test prioritization technique for regression testing in resource-constrained environments. In: Proceedings of the 24th International Conference on Software Engineering, ICSE 2002, New York, USA, p. 119. ACM Press, New York (2002) 30. Aggrawal, K.K., Singh, Y., Kaur, A.: Code coverage-based technique for prioritizing test cases for regression testing. ACM SIGSOFT Softw. Eng. Notes. 29, 1–4 (2004). https://doi. org/10.1145/1022494.1022511 31. Srikanth, H., Williams, L., Osborne, J.: System test case prioritization of new and regression test cases. In: 2005 International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering. pp. 62–71. IEEE (2005) 32. Korel, B., Koutsogiannakis, G., Tahat, L.H.: Application of system models in regression test suite prioritization. In: 2008 IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance, pp. 247–256. IEEE (2008) 33. Do, H., Mirarab, S., Tahvildari, L., Rothermel, G.: The effects of time constraints on test case prioritization: a series of controlled experiments. IEEE Trans. Softw. Eng. 36, 593–617 (2010). https://doi.org/10.1109/TSE.2010.58 34. Yoo, S., Harman, M.: Regression testing minimization, selection and prioritization: a survey. Softw. Test. Verification Reliab. 22(2), 67–120 (2013). https://doi.org/10.1002/stvr.430 35. Mirarab, S., Tahvildari, L.: A prioritization approach for software test cases based on Bayesian Networks. In: Dwyer, M.B., Lopes, A. (eds.) FASE 2007. LNCS, vol. 4422, pp. 276–290. Springer, Heidelberg (2007). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-71289-3_22 36. Ba-Quttayyan, B., Mohd, H., Yusof, Y.: Regression test case prioritization frameworks: challenges and future directions. Int. J. Recent Technol. Eng. 8, 8457–8462 (2019). https://doi. org/10.35940/ijrte.D9735.118419 37. Chakraborty, A., Kar, A.K.: Swarm intelligence: a review of algorithms. In: Patnaik, S., Yang, X.-S., Nakamatsu, K. (eds.) Nature-Inspired Computing and Optimization. MOST, vol. 10, pp. 475–494. Springer, Cham (2017). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-50920-4_19 38. Karaboga, D., Akay, B., Karaboga, N.: A survey on the studies employing machine learning (ML) for enhancing artificial bee colony (ABC) optimization algorithm. Cogent. Eng. 7, 1855741 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1080/23311916.2020.1855741 39. Bajaj, A., Sangwan, O.P.: A survey on regression testing using nature-inspired approaches. In: 2018 4th International Conference on Computing Communication and Automation (ICCCA), Greater Noida, India, pp. 1–5. IEEE (2018) 40. Lu, C., Zhong, J.: An efficient ant colony system for coverage-based test case prioritization. In: Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference Companion, Kyoto, Japan, pp. 91–92. ACM (2018) 41. Manaswini, B., Rama Mohan Reddy, A.: A shuffled frog leap algorithm-based test case prioritization technique to perform regression testing. Int. J. Eng. Adv. Technol. 8, 671–674 (2019) 42. Su, W., Li, Z., Wang, Z., Yang, D.: A meta-heuristic test case prioritization method based on hybrid model. In: 2020 International Conference on Computer Engineering and Application (ICCEA), Guangzhou, China, pp. 430–435. IEEE (2020) 43. Pathik, B., Pathik, N., Sharma, M.: Test case prioritization for changed code using natureinspired optimizer. J. Intell. Fuzzy Syst. 44, 5711–5718 (2023). https://doi.org/10.3233/JIFS222433 44. Singhal, S., Jatana, N., Subahi, A.F., Gupta, C., Khalaf, O.I., Alotaibi, Y.: Fault coveragebased test case prioritization and selection using African Buffalo Optimization. Comput. Mater. Contin. 74, 6755–6774 (2023). https://doi.org/10.32604/cmc.2023.032308  
   
  328  
   
  B. Ba-Quttayyan et al.  
   
  45. Hassanien, A.E., Emary, E.E.: Swarm Intelligence: Principles, Advances, and Applications. CRC Press (2016) 46. Birchler, C., Khatiri, S., Derakhshanfar, P., Panichella, S., Panichella, A.: Single and multiobjective test cases prioritization for self-driving cars in virtual environments. ACM Trans. Softw. Eng. Methodol. 32, 1–30 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1145/3533818 47. Noman, H., Mahoto, N.A., Bhatti, S., Abosaq, H.A., Al Reshan, M.S., Shaikh, A.: An exploratory study of software sustainability at early stages of software development. Sustainability 14, 8596 (2022). https://doi.org/10.3390/su14148596 48. Lago, P., Koçak, S.A., Crnkovic, I., Penzenstadler, B.: Framing sustainability as a property of software quality. Commun. ACM 58, 70–78 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1145/2714560 49. Bajaj, A., Sangwan, O.P.: A systematic literature review of test case prioritization using genetic algorithms. IEEE Access 7, 126355–126375 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2019. 2938260 50. Brunetto, M., Denaro, G., Mariani, L., Pezzè, M.: On introducing automatic test case generation in practice: a success story and lessons learned. J. Syst. Softw. 176, 110933 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jss.2021.110933 51. Vats, R., Kumar, A.: Test case prioritization using cat swarm optimization. Int. J. Adv. Trends Comput. Sci. Eng. 9, 8142–8148 (2020). https://doi.org/10.30534/ijatcse/2020/175952020 52. Zhang, W., Qi, Y., Zhang, X., Wei, B., Zhang, M., Dou, Z.: On test case prioritization using ant colony optimization algorithm. In: 2019 IEEE 21st International Conference on High-Performance Computing and Communications; IEEE 17th International Conference on Smart City; IEEE 5th International Conference on Data Science and Systems (HPCC/SmartCity/DSS), Zhangjiajie, China, pp. 2767–2773. IEEE (2019) 53. Hao, D., Zhang, L., Mei, H.: Test-case prioritization: achievements and challenges. Front. Comput. Sci. 10, 769–777 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11704-016-6112-3 54. Abu Hasan, Md., Abdur Rahman, Md., Saeed Siddik, Md.: Test case prioritization based on dissimilarity clustering using historical data analysis. In: Kaushik, S., Gupta, D., Kharb, L., Chahal, D. (eds.) ICICCT 2017. CCIS, vol. 750, pp. 269–281. Springer, Singapore (2017). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-10-6544-6_25 55. Abdur, M., Abu, M., Saeed, M.: Prioritizing dissimilar test cases in regression testing using historical failure data. Int. J. Comput. Appl. 180, 1–8 (2018). https://doi.org/10.5120/ijca20 18916258 56. Sulaiman, R.A., Jawawi, D.N.A., Halim, S.A.: A dissimilarity with Dice-Jaro-Winkler test case prioritization approach for model-based testing in software product line. KSII Trans. Internet Inf. Syst. 15, 932–951 (2021). https://doi.org/10.3837/tiis.2021.03.007 57. Onoma, A.K., Tsai, W.-T., Poonawala, M., Suganuma, H.: Regression testing in an industrial environment. Commun. ACM 41, 81–86 (1998). https://doi.org/10.1145/274946.274960 58. Lou, Y., Chen, J., Zhang, L., Hao, D.: A survey on regression test-case prioritization. In: Advances in Computers, pp. 1–46. Elsevier Inc. (2019) 59. Chauhan, N.: Software Testing: Principles and Practices. Oxford University Press, Oxford (2010) 60. Elbaum, S., Malishevsky, A., Rothermel, G.: Incorporating varying test costs and fault severities into test case prioritization. In: Proceedings of the 23rd International Conference on Software Engineering, ICSE 2001, pp. 329–338. IEEE Computer Society (2001) 61. Gao, D., Guo, X., Zhao, L.: Test case prioritization for regression testing based on ant colony optimization. In: 2015 6th IEEE International Conference on Software Engineering and Service Science (ICSESS), Beijing, China, pp. 275–279. IEEE (2015) 62. Vescan, A., Pintea, C.-M., Pop, P.C.: Solving the test case prioritization problem with secure features using Ant Colony System. In: Álvarez, F.M., Lora, A.T., Muñoz, J.A.S., Quintián, H., Corchado, E. (eds.) CISIS/ICEUTE -2019. AISC, vol. 951, pp. 67–76. Springer, Cham (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-20005-3_7  
   
  A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework  
   
  329  
   
  63. Yoo, S., Harman, M., Tonella, P., Susi, A.: Clustering test cases to achieve effective and scalable prioritisation incorporating expert knowledge. In: Proceedings of the Eighteenth International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis, ISSTA 2009, New York, USA, p. 201. ACM Press, New York (2009) 64. Zhao, X., Wang, Z., Fan, X., Wang, Z.: A clustering-Bayesian network based approach for test case prioritization. In: 2015 IEEE 39th Annual Computer Software and Applications Conference, pp. 542–547. IEEE (2015) 65. Siddik, M.S., Sakib, K.: RDCC: an effective test case prioritization framework using software requirements, design, and source code collaboration. In: 2014 17th International Conference on Computer and Information Technology, ICCIT 2014, pp. 75–80. IEEE (2003) 66. Morell, L.J.: A theory of error-based testing (1984). http://www.dtic.mil/dtic/tr/fulltext/u2/ a143533.pdf 67. Morell, L.J.: A theory of fault-based testing. IEEE Trans. Softw. Eng. 16, 844–857 (1990). https://doi.org/10.1109/32.57623 68. Rothermel, G., Untch, R.H., Chu, C., Harrold, M.J.: Test case prioritization: an empirical study. In: Proceedings IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance - 1999 (ICSM 1999). “Software Maintenance for Business Change” (Cat. No. 99CB36360), pp. 179–188. IEEE (1999) 69. Do˘gan, S., Betin-Can, A., Garousi, V.: Web application testing: a systematic literature review. J. Syst. Softw. 91, 174–201 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jss.2014.01.010 70. Mirshokraie, S., Mesbah, A., Pattabiraman, K.: Efficient JavaScript mutation testing. In: 2013 IEEE Sixth International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation, pp. 74–83. IEEE (2013) 71. Mistrik, I., Soley, R.M., Ali, N., Grundy, J., Tekinerdogan, B.: Software Quality Assurance: In Large Scale and Complex Software-Intensive Systems (2016) 72. Saaty, T.L.: The Analytic Hierarchy Process: Planning, Priority Setting, Resource Allocation. McGraw-Hill, Inc. (1980) 73. Kumar, P.: Ranking scale questions for survey questionnaires. https://edifo.in/ranking-scalefor-survey-questionnaires/ 74. Li, Z.Z., Wang, W., Yan, Y., Li, Z.Z.: PS–ABC: a hybrid algorithm based on particle swarm and artificial bee colony for high-dimensional optimization problems. Exp. Syst. Appl. 42, 8881–8895 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eswa.2015.07.043 75. Alaidaros, H., Omar, M., Romli, R.: An improved model of Agile Kanban method: verification process through experts’ review. Int. J. Agil. Syst. Manag. 13, 390 (2020). https://doi.org/10. 1504/IJASM.2020.112337 76. Barraood, S.O., Mohd, H., Baharom, F.: An initial investigation of the effect of quality factors on Agile test case quality through experts’ review. Cogent Eng. 9 (2022). https://doi.org/10. 1080/23311916.2022.2082121  
   
  Towards a Sustainable Digital Society: Supporting Producer Mobility in Named Data Networking Through Immobile Anchor-Based Mechanism Ahmad Abrar , Khuzairi Mohd Zaini , Ahmad Suki Che Mohamed Arif(B) and Mohd Hasbullah Omar  
   
  ,  
   
  InterNetWorks Research Laboratory, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, UUM Sintok, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  , [email protected]  , {khuzairi,suki1207,mhomar}@uum.edu.my  
   
  Abstract. The increasing proliferation of intelligent mobile devices and the subsequent surge in data traffic have placed a burden on the current Internet infrastructure. To address this challenge, Named Data Networking (NDN) has emerged as a promising future Internet architecture. NDN aims to address the evolving patterns of Internet traffic by providing inherent support for consumer mobility through innetwork caching. This approach enhances content availability while minimizing delays. However, producer mobility in NDN raises numerous challenges, including Interest packet loss, Interest retransmission, high signalling costs, and unnecessary bandwidth consumption. This research explores and critically analyses the most widely used approaches for managing producer mobility in NDN. This paper introduces an innovative immobile anchor-based mobility mechanism designed to address the challenges associated with producer mobility in NDN. The immobile refers to the fixed nature of the anchor router, which is strategically placed within the network topology to facilitate the management of producer mobility. This immobile anchor router serves as a centralized control point for caching and redirecting Interest packets during producer handoff processes, thereby mitigating packet loss and optimizing bandwidth usage. The focal point of this novel approach is to reduce the repercussions of producer mobility on network performance. Its aim is to minimize factors like packet loss, signalling overhead, and bandwidth usage, with the ultimate goal of enhancing the overall efficiency of NDN-based networks. Keywords: Handoff · Mobility Management · Producer Mobility · Information-centric networking · Named data networking  
   
  1 Introduction The widespread adoption of smart mobile devices and applications in our digital society has greatly increased the use of the current Internet paradigm. This paradigm places a strong emphasis on accessing data and services, leading to new demands for © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 330–342, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_25  
   
  Towards a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  331  
   
  improved content distribution, seamless support for mobility, and security [1]. Conversely, advanced technologies like Internet of Everything (IoE), Internet of Things (IoT), and Internet of Medical Things (IoMT) are currently some of the most popular trends in the digital society. A digital society is a term that refers to a community or nation where the majority of citizens have access to and regularly use digital technologies such as the Internet, computers, smartphones, and other digital devices to communicate, access information, conduct business, and participate in social and civic activities. All of these contemporary technologies have a big impact on the medical field (e-health system), building smart homes, making smart cars (autonomous vehicles), and many other IoT applications [2, 3]. Furthermore, existing Internet data connection services are primarily reliant on these cutting-edge technologies. In addition, the communication of these game-changing innovations is controlled by a particular application on the smart mobile device of the end user. In effect, this has led to a sharp rise in both Internet users and applications [4]. Yet, the current Internet paradigm is not fully capable of adapting to these new technological eras. A new Internet infrastructure is required in addition to the growth of intelligent mobile devices and applications. In the realm of Information-Centric Networking (ICN), the Named Data Networking (NDN) architecture has emerged as a promising effort to satisfy these needs [3].  
   
  2 Information-Centric Networking (ICN) The idea of ICN was first proposed by Cheriton et al. in 1999 as a replacement for the host-centric Internet Protocol/Transmission Control Protocol architecture that now governs the Internet [5]. ICN’s core concept is to switch from a host-centric to a contentcentric paradigm of network communication, where content is identified by unique names rather than IP addresses [6]. To retrieve content, the user sends a request packet (Content Name: ILab.my/video) that specifies the particular content source (“ILab.my”) and the type of information required “video” [1]. While ICN has several projects, the Named Data Networking (NDN) architecture stands out due to its innovative and efficient design [7].  
   
  3 Named Data Networking (NDN) The NDN paradigm is ICN’s foremost initiative towards enhancing network performance. Its primary objective is to transition from an IP-based system to a content-based communication system, where content is identified by its unique name. Therefore, in the NDN paradigm, content is the main focus of communication [8]. In the NDN paradigm, device-to-device content exchange is facilitated using Interest and Data packets. The Interest packet contains the specific content name in its field to access the content, which is also used in the Data packet’s field. The consumer, who requests the content, uses the Interest packet, while the producer, who fulfills the consumer’s content needs, uses the Data packet. The NDN data structure plays a vital role in controlling the packet exchanges between the consumer and producer, including packet forwarding and path optimization. This data structure comprises three components: Content Store (CS), Pending Interest Table (PIT), and Forwarding Information Base (FIB) [9]. The CS  
   
  332  
   
  A. Abrar et al.  
   
  component of the NDN data structure is responsible for caching incoming content on the router. The PIT maintains the incoming interface associated with the requested content name, while the FIB maintains the outgoing interfaces associated with the name prefix of the content provider [1]. According to Fig 1, a content request (IRL.my/ahmad.jpg) is generated to retrieve content (ahmad.jpg).  
   
  Fig. 1. Packets transmission in NDN structure.  
   
  When a request is made in the NDN paradigm, the CS is the first component to look for a match with the requested content name. If a match is found, the content is promptly sent back to the content requester. However, if the requested content is not found in the router CS, the content request is directed to the PIT phase. The PIT initiate examines for duplication of the same request and records any duplicates to avoid forwarding them. If the request is not a duplicate, the PIT saves the request’s entry with the incoming interface of request and passes it on toward the FIB phase. The FIB explores its list of all name prefixes in order to find the most appropriate content source. If no prefix found, the request is discarded, or a Negative Acknowledgement (NACK) is sent. Otherwise, the request is routed to the matching content source (e.g., IRL.my). When a respective content arrives, if the corresponding PIT record is found (known as a lookup hit), the immediately content is delivered to the content requester, cached in the CS, and the related PIT entry of the delivered content is declined [10]. If there is no matching PIT entry found for the content, it is discarded as unsolicited content. Consequently, NDN paradigm has an innovative architectural design that provides network management, authenticity, and self-sufficiency. Its unique features include inrouter content caching, proficient content distribution, named content, smart namedbased routing, best path forwarding and improved bandwidth utilization. Additionally, it grants protection for every piece of content, guarantees content privacy, and supports mobility, which refers to the physical movement of devices within and between networks. In NDN, there are two types of mobility: consumer mobility and producer mobility [11].  
   
  Towards a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  333  
   
  4 Consumer Mobility Assistance The consumer is referred to as a content requester or content user in NDN. It sends an Interest packet with the name of the required content to request content. Consumer mobility refers to the movements of consumers to different access points or Content Routers (CR). In Fig 2, the consumer transmits Interest from the connected router CR3, and the Interest moves from junctional router CR2 to CR1 until it reaches the producer.  
   
  Fig. 2. Assistance of consumer mobility in NDN.  
   
  The producer sends the requested content in the form of data packets to the consumer via the Interest reverse path. The consumer disconnects from CR3 and connects to CR4 during the packet exchange, which is known as handoff. The consumer handoff process disrupts ongoing communication. Surprisingly, due to the in-router caching ability the remaining contents already caches at the junctional router CR2. When a consumer relocates to a new location CR4, it sends the Interest for remaining content to the junctional router CR2 and retrieves it. As a result of the in-router caching feature, the NDN inherently supports consumer mobility and improves the content availability [12].  
   
  5 Producer Mobility Assistance In NDN paradigm, a producer implies to a content source that supplies content in response to consumer data demand. Every producer has its a unique name prefix to distinguishes it from others, and the FIB in the NDN data structure maintains the list of these different name prefixes. The FIB also determines the best path to access content with the least amount of effort. Typically, a consumer generates an Interest packet as of CR1 to the producer’s location at CR3 to retrieve content. However, if the producer physically relocates from CR3 to CR4 router, the consumer’s new incoming Interest packets continue to follow the producer’s CR3 old location router. This can result in lost Interest packets at CR3 router due to producer inaccessibility and inadequate stored contents, as presented in Fig 3.  
   
  334  
   
  A. Abrar et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. Assistance of Producer mobility in NDN.  
   
  In NDN paradigm, when a producer relocates, the consumer constantly forwards the Interest packet in an attempt to locate the required content. However, this approach results in excessive loss of Interest packets, higher Interest retransmission rate, unnecessary bandwidth utilization, and extensive handoff latency. As a result, producer is not capable of fully supporting the mobility in NDN environment [5, 17]. Additionally, the current router-level protocol, Listen First Broadcast Later (LFBL), is not entirely capable of addressing the issues of losing Interest packets and constant Interest retransmission [13].  
   
  6 Classification of Producer Diverse Mobility Approaches Various solutions have been proposed by researchers to address the issues related to producer mobility in the NDN paradigm. These solutions have been categorized into specific approaches based on their characteristics and advantages. 6.1 Indirection-Based Mobility Approach (IMA) To enable support for producer mobility in the NDN paradigm, the Indirection-based Mobility Approach (IMA) introduces a Home Agent (HA) router in the network. The HA is responsible for maintaining information regarding the content prefix and its location. The content prefix identifies the producer, while the location indicates its physical position. During the handoff process, the HA redirects packets towards the producer’s new location [14]. As illustrated in Fig 4, When a producer moves from CR3 to CR4, it sends binding information to update its new location and name prefix to the HA router, which acknowledges the information. Consequently, when an incoming Interest packet reaches CR3, it is redirected to the HA, which in turn forwards it to the producer at CR4 using a triangular routing path. Triangular communication uses encapsulation and decapsulation in order to exchange Interest and data packet. However, during the handoff process Interest packets experiences loss and excessive Interest transmissions. Further, it uses the triangular routing after the handoff process which may result in high signalling and extra overhead for each packet.  
   
  Towards a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  335  
   
  Fig. 4. Indirection-based mobility approach in NDN.  
   
  6.2 Mapping-Based Mobility Approach (MMA) To support producer mobility in the NDN paradigm, the Mapping-based Mobility Approach (MMA) proposes a server within the network called the mapping/DNS/rendezvous server. This server manages the movement and location information of producers by mapping their content prefix with their location [15]. When a producer relocates from CR3 to CR4, it sends mapping updates and acknowledgement messages to the mapping server from its new location at CR4 to update the routing path towards the new location. However, when the producer handoffs from CR3 to CR4, consumer Interest packets are unable to reach the content producer at CR3, as the producer has relocated to CR4, as shown in Fig. 5. In MMA, when a producer relocates from one location to another, the consumer sends a query to the mapping server to obtain the producer’s new location. The mapping server then forwards the producer’s new location information to the consumer, who can directly send Interest packets to the producer’s new location at CR4 using this information to retrieve data packets. However, during the producer’s long handoff process, consumer Interest packets are subject to major losses. Additionally, the approach is unable to control Interest packet loss during mapping information updates towards the server. Moreover, frequent producer movements and additional consumer queries to the mapping server can cause high signalling and Interest transmission in the network. 6.3 Locator/Identifier Split-Based Mobility Approach (LISMA) The Locator/Identifier Split-based Mobility Approach (LISMA) introduces a Home Agent (HA) router in its network to facilitate producer mobility. The HA is responsible for maintaining the locator and identifier information of the producer, where the locator indicates the location, and the identifier refers to the content prefix of the producer [16]. As reflected in Fig. 6, when a producer handoff from CR3 to CR4, it exchanges location update and acknowledgement packets with the HA to update its new location. In LISMA, when a consumer sends an Interest packet to the HA, the HA modifies the Interest packet by adding the producer’s location information and redirects it towards the producer. The producer then sends the data packet to the HA, which in turn forwards it to the consumer. This exchange of Interest and data packets between the consumer and  
   
  336  
   
  A. Abrar et al.  
   
  Fig. 5. Mapping-based mobility approach in NDN.  
   
  Fig. 6. Locator/Identifier split-based mobility approach in NDN.  
   
  producer involves triangular routing and uses encapsulation and decapsulation methods, which can cause high signalling and complexity in large networks. Additionally, the unavailability of the producer during the handoff process can lead to excessive loss of consumer Interest packets and increase the need for retransmission of lost Interest packets. 6.4 Control Data Plane Split-Based Mobility Approach (CDPSMA) The Control Data Plane Split-based Mobility Approach (CDPSMA) is another approach that supports producer mobility by introducing the Rendezvous Point (RP) and Resource Handler (RH) in the network. The RP is created by modifying a regular router to provide the routing path for Interest and data packets. RH is established by modifying a server to monitor the producer’s movement behaviour [12]. When a producer decides to handoff from CR3, it sends a deregistered query to the RH to initiate the handoff process, as shown in Fig. 7.  
   
  Towards a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  337  
   
  Fig. 7. Control data plane split-based mobility approach in NDN.  
   
  In CDPSMA, when a producer initiates a handoff process from CR3, it sends a deregistered query to the RH to remove its location information. At the same time, upcoming consumer Interest packets are cached at the RP. When the producer handoffs to CR4, it sends a register query to the RH to inform it of its new location information. The RH then forwards the producer’s new location information to the RP, which redirects the consumer Interest packets to the producer’s new location at CR4. However, this approach can result in high signalling to manage producer mobility. Additionally, frequent producer movements towards different CRs may cause redirection of consumer Interest packets towards an outdated route, leading to Interest packet loss and retransmission. An analysis of different mechanisms for supporting producer mobility, such as IMA, MMA, LISMA, and CDPSMA, shows that each approach has its strengths and weaknesses. IMA supports mobility through the use of a Home Agent (HA), but it may suffer from high signalling issues and packet encapsulation challenges in large networks. MMA avoids packet encapsulation but experience problems with Interest packet loss, high latency, and signalling overhead. LISMA addresses packet loss but may not be suitable for large networks and may not provide support in certain network scenarios. CDPSMA reduces the negative impact of mobility through monitoring but can also experience high overhead and signalling. Despite these approaches’ potential benefits, there is still a need for a feasible solution that addresses their limitations. This research proposes a new mechanism for controlling producer mobility that overcomes the challenges presented by existing approaches. Table 1 summarizes the analysis of the various producer mobility support mechanisms, including their benefits and drawbacks, and lists unresolved issues.  
   
  7 Proposed Producer Mobility Management Mechanism By critical analysis of previous approaches some notable factors have been identified such as packet loss, high signalling, extra bandwidth usage and excessive Interest retransmission. In order to overcome the impact of the identified factors, this research proposed a mechanism that will be able to control the associated issues due to producer handoff mobility. The proposed mechanism design consists of mobility packet and immobile  
   
  338  
   
  A. Abrar et al.  
   
  Table 1. A review and comparative analysis between different producer mobility approaches. Approach  
   
  Method  
   
  Merits  
   
  Demerits  
   
  Indirection-based Mobility Approach (IMA)  
   
  Home Agent/Router  
   
  Provides forwarding path for Interest and Data packets  
   
  High signaling cost Interest packet loss Uses encapsulation and decapsulation for Interest and Data packets  
   
  Mapping-based Mobility Approach (MMA)  
   
  DNS/Mapping/Rendezvous Server  
   
  Provides forwarding link and tracks the producer location  
   
  High signaling cost Interest packets loss Interest retransmission Consume extra bandwidth  
   
  Locator/Identifier Split-based Mobility Approach (LISMA)  
   
  Home Agent/Router  
   
  Forwards the Interest packets towards the producer location  
   
  Interest packet loss Interest retransmission Uses complex encapsulation and decapsulation  
   
  Control Data Plane Split-based Mobility Approach (CDPSMA)  
   
  The control plane and data plane points  
   
  Reduce the Interest packet loss  
   
  High overhead Long Handoff latency Intence handoff singnaling Consume extra bandwidth  
   
  anchor router. The mobility packet is responsible for updating the producer’s location information in the network, while the immobile anchor router manages the flow of Interest packets during the producer’s handoff mobility process, ensuring minimal packet loss. Moreover, the proposed design modifies the normal NDN forwarding plane. By modifying the normal NDN forwarding plane, the proposed mechanism effectively distinguishes between mobility packets and Interest data packets. This differentiation enables the network to prioritize mobility updates and maintain efficient routing during the handoff process, thus minimizing disruptions to ongoing data exchanges. By referring to Fig. 8, when producer moves from CR3 to CR4, the consumer Interest is unable to retrieve content from producer due to handoff process. During the handoff process, the consumer Interest redirected to CR2 which work as an immobile anchor. The immobile anchor buffers the redirected Interest packets. Meanwhile, when producer relocate and connects to CR4, it sends Mobility Notification (MN) packet to immobile anchor to broadcast its location in the network. The broadcast of MN packet updates the FIBs in the network router to inform about the producer new location. When the location updated, the immobile anchor redirects the cached  
   
  Towards a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  339  
   
  Interest packets towards the producer location. The producer sends the data packets by following the Interest revers path towards the consumer. The new incoming Interest from consumer follows the optimal path due to update in the FIB. The consumer Interest moves from CR1 to CR2 and further moves to producer router CR4. In response, the producer forwards the data packets towards the consumer but in the reverse manner. As a result, the proposed mechanism effectively reduces Interest packet loss, signalling overhead, bandwidth usage, and excessive Interest retransmissions.  
   
  Fig. 8. Proposed producer mobility management mechanism.  
   
  The new incoming consumer Interest packets follow the optimal path, due to update in the FIB. The consumer Interest packets move from CR1 to CR2 and further moves to producer router CR4. In response, the producer forwards the data packets towards the consumer by following the Interest packets path in reverse manner. In this way, the proposed mechanism reduces the Interest packet loss, high signalling, extra bandwidth usage, and excessive Interest retransmission.  
   
  8 Message Flow Figure 9 illustrates the message exchange between a consumer and a producer under the proposed mechanism. It is assumed that the consumer and producer are already in communication with each other. To retrieve data packets, the consumer at CR1 sends an Interest packet (/pic.jpg) to the producer’s (IRL.my) router at CR3. The producer responds to the Interest packet with a data packet, which is divided into versions and several segments corresponding to the requested Interest packets (IRL.my/pic.jpg/v1/sn, where n = 1, 2, 3, 4……). The Interest path from the consumer location towards the producer is (Consumer/CR1/CR3/Producer), while the data path follows the Interest packet path in a reverse way (Producer/CR3/CR1/Consumer). During the communication, the producer decides to move and subsequently disconnects from CR3. While the producer is in the process of handoff, the consumer sends another Interest packet direct towards the producer’s router at CR3, following the path (Consumer/CR1/CR3). Since the producer is not available at CR3, the consumer’s Interest packet is redirected to the immobile anchor router, CR2, following the path (Consumer/CR1/CR3/CR2).  
   
  340  
   
  A. Abrar et al.  
   
  Fig. 9. The interest data stream in proposed mobility management mechanism.  
   
  The CR2 caches the redirected Interest packets. Meanwhile, the producer completes its handoff process by connecting to CR4 and sends the Mobility Notification (MN) packet to CR2. The MN packets updates the producer location towards the network and provides the new route towards producer location. Once the producer updates its location in the network, the cached Interest packets at CR2 are forwarded to producer router CR4 with path Consumer/CR1/CR3/CR2/CR4/Producer). In response, the producer sends the data packets to consumer by following the Interest reverse path (Producer/CR4/CR2/CR3/CR1/Consumer). Furthermore, after the producer’s location update, new incoming consumer Interest packets follow the updated optimal path (Consumer/CR1/CR2/CR4/Producer) and the data path (Producer/CR4/CR2/CR1/Consumer), ensuring efficient routing and minimizing latency. As a result, the associated concerns during the producer mobility are handled by the proposed mechanism. Additionally, the proposed mechanism provides an effective solution that can control excessive Interest packet loss, high signalling, Interest retransmission, and extra bandwidth consumption compared to existing approaches such as IMA, MMA, LISMA, and CDPSMA.  
   
  9 Conclusion The most interesting NDN producer mobility approaches have been addressed in this study. All of these approaches offer various ways to control producer mobility, that each have fundamental design and unique properties. However, following a rigorous examination of each approach, we draw attention to a number of problems, including losing of Interest packet, constant Interest retransmission, prolonged handover latency, and an inefficient routing path. To address these challenges, we propose a producer mobility management mechanism, which is expected to effectively resolve the identified issues  
   
  Towards a Sustainable Digital Society  
   
  341  
   
  and enhance the overall performance of NDN-based networks. A performance evaluation of the proposed producer mobility management mechanism is currently underway. Future research could investigate the integration of the proposed mechanism with other NDN features such as caching strategies and security measures. Additionally, studying the applicability of the mechanism in various real-world scenarios, such as vehicular networks and the Internet of Things, could provide valuable insights and further validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Acknowledgements. This research is sponsored by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) of Malaysia through Fundamental Research Grant Scheme with reference (FRGS/1/2021/ICT11/UUM/02/1).  
   
  References 1. Abrar, A., Arif, A.S.C.M., Zaini, K.M.: A mobility mechanism to manage producer mobility in named data networking. In: Region 10 Symposium (TENSYMP), pp. 1–6 (2022) 2. da Costa, V.C.F., Oliveira, L., de Souza, J.: Internet of everything (IoE) taxonomies: a survey and a novel knowledge-based taxonomy. Sensors (Switzerland). 21, 1–35 (2021). https://doi. org/10.3390/s21020568 3. Duan, Y., Ni, H., Zhu, X., Wang, X.: A single-rate multicast congestion control (SRMCC) mechanism in information-centric networking. Futur. Internet. 14(2), 38 (2022). https://doi. org/10.3390/fi14020038 4. Karim, F.A., Aman, A.H.M., Hassan, R., Nisar, K., Uddin, M.: Named data networking: a survey on routing strategies. IEEE Access 10, 90254–90270 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/ ACCESS.2022.3201083 5. Fang, C., Yu, F.R., Huang, T., Liu, J., Liu, Y.: A survey of energy-efficient caching in information-centric networking. IEEE Commun. Mag. 52, 122–129 (2014) 6. Ali, I., Lim, H.: NameCent: name centrality-based data broadcast mitigation in vehicular named data networks. IEEE Access 9, 162438–162447 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACC ESS.2021.3133016 7. Pereira, J.F., Nicolau, M.J., Costa, A.D.: VAL - vehicular adaptation layer, for NDN. IEEE Access 11, 50064–50074 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3275763 8. Zhiyi, Z., et al.: An overview of security support in named data networking. IEEE Commun. Mag. 56, 62–68 (2018) 9. Fayyaz, S., Rehman, M.A.U., Din, M.S. ud, Biswas, M.I., Bashir, A.K., Kim, B.S.: Information-centric mobile networks: a survey, discussion, and future research directions. IEEE Access 11, 40328–40372 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3268775 10. Low, X.W., Leau, Y.-B., Yan, Z., Park, Y.-J., Anbar, M.: Performance evaluation of route optimization management of producer mobility in information-centric networking. Int. J. Electr. Comput. Eng. 12, 2088–8708 (2022) 11. Abrar, A., Mohamed Arif, A.S., Mohad Zaini, K.: A systematic analysis and review on producer mobility management in named data networks: research background and challenges. Alexandria Eng. J. 69, 785–808 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aej.2023.02.022 12. Feng, B., Zhou, H., Xu, Q.: Mobility support in Named Data Networking: a survey. Eurasip J. Wirel. Commun. Netw. 2016, 220 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1186/s13638-016-0715-0 13. Abrar, A., Arif, A.S.C.M., Zaini, K.M.: Producer mobility support in information-centric networks: research background and open issues. Int. J. Commun. Networks Distrib. Syst. 28, 312–336 (2022)  
   
  342  
   
  A. Abrar et al.  
   
  14. Kim, D., Ko, Y.-B.: On-demand anchor-based mobility support method for named data networking. In: 19th International Conference on Advanced Communication Technology (ICACT), pp. 19–23 (2017) 15. Gohar, M., Khan, N., Ahmad, A., Najam-Ul-Islam, M., Sarwar, S., Koh, S.J.: Cluster-based device mobility management in named data networking for vehicular networks. Mob. Inf. Syst. 2018(11), 1–7 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1155/2018/1710591 16. Zhiwei, Y., Park, Y.-J., Leau, Y.-B., Ren-Ting, L., Hassan, R.: Hybrid network mobility support in named data networking. In: International Conference on Information Networking (ICOIN), pp. 16–19 (2020) 17. Abrar, A., Arif, A.S.C.M., Zaini, K.M.: Internet of things producer mobility management in named data networks: a survey, outlook, and open issues. Int. J. Commun. Netw. Distrib. Syst. 29(5), 493–512 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1504/IJCNDS.2023.133166  
   
  Enabling a Sustainable and Inclusive Digital Future with Proactive Producer Mobility Management Mechanism in Named Data Networking Nurul Hidayah Ahmad Zukri1,2 , Ahmad Suki Che Mohamed Arif1(B) Mohammed AlSamman1 , and Ahmad Abrar1  
   
  ,  
   
  1 University Utara Malaysia, Sintok, 06010 Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  2 Universiti Teknologi MARA, Cawangan Perlis, Kampus Arau, 02600 Arau, Perlis, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Named Data Networking (NDN) is the most remarkable initiative of Information-Centric Network (ICN) to improve overall network performance. With its data-centric architecture and forwarding philosophy, NDN natively addressed consumer mobility. However, the producer mobility problem remains a challenging issue in NDN architecture. Among the critical issues of producer mobility are handover latency, Interest packet loss, and Interest retransmission. This paper classifies existing producer mobility solutions into rendezvous, anchorbased, and anchor-less approaches. Despite the efforts of many researchers poured into solving these issues, there is still room for improvement. This paper proposes a producer mobility management mechanism based on a proactive approach to managing producer mobility in NDN. The proposed mechanism proactively evaluates the handover time of the producer and sends the mobility notification packet to inform about the producer’s movement. In the meantime, a new Interest packet for the moving producer will be buffered on the router. Thus, the proposed mechanism aims to reduce the handover latency and packet loss. Keywords: Named Data Networking · Producer Mobility · Consumer Mobility  
   
  1 Introduction The rapid advancements of mobile devices and applications increase Internet traffic demand. The current Internet paradigm places a heavy emphasis on accessing services and retrieving data, leading to new demands from society for things like improved security, effective content distribution, and mobility assistance. This is because the future Internet is seen as a tool for inclusion whereby technology is being catered to a diverse society [1]. Researchers have proposed various solutions to satisfy the requirements by integrating content-centric features in its protocols which work on top of the Internet Protocol (IP) network infrastructure [2, 3]. However, the current IP network based on the end-to-end communication model is not designed to support secure data distribution naturally, and inherently hard to meet the requirement of efficient data distribution and mobility. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 343–354, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_26  
   
  344  
   
  N. H. A. Zukri et al.  
   
  An emerging novel future Internet called the Information-Centric Network (ICN) is committed to the development of decentralized networks. With its new structure, ICN replaces IP addressing with the idea of addressing the content for network addressing. Respective research communities keep an eye on this subject matter. Thus, introducing some new architectures, namely Data-Oriented Network Architectural (DONA) [4], Content-Centric Networks (CCN) or Named Data Networks (NDN) [5], PublishSubscribe Internet Technology (PURSUIT) [6], and Network of Information (NetInf) [7]. NDN receives immense attention from the ICN architectural research group among these architectures. Future Internet architecture Named Data Networking (NDN) has caused a paradigm shift in network communication from point-to-point to name delivery. In addition, NDN depends on the stateful forwarding plane for datagram delivery. The adoption of the NDN forwarding plane indeed supports consumer mobility. If the consumer is relocated to a new attached content router (CR), no signaling from the network is required to handle consumer mobility. Instead, Interest retransmission is adequate for successful communication. However, producer mobility is a more complex problem that impacts overall communication. This is because the routers’ Forwarding Information Base (FIB) needs to be updated once the producer reconnects with the new attached content router. Failure to update FIB will affect the search for the desired Data. Ultimately, it results in high-Interest packet loss, high-Interest retransmission, increased bandwidth demand, and high handoff latency [8, 9]. Further, the aforementioned issues will restrain the work for building a sustainable and more inclusive digital future. Therefore, this paper introduces a producer mobility management mechanism design in NDN using a proactive approach. The proposed mechanism will handle the mobility of the producer by analyzing the producer’s mobility status and informing the router and consumer to take necessary action, such as delaying the Interest transmission. Managing the producer mobility before the handover process based on a proactive approach would minimize the handover latency and interest retransmission. Also, it aims to alleviate other critical issues, such as high signaling and Interest packet loss issues. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section 2 presents the mobility in Named Data Networking. Section 3 discusses the producer mobility approaches. Section 4 shows the proposed design and the conclusion in Sect. 5.  
   
  2 Mobility in Named Data Networking One of the auspicious Information-centric networking (ICN) approaches to address the challenges of the future Internet is NDN [10]. The NDN relies on named data, namebased routing, and in-network caching to distribute content efficiently and improve network bandwidth. Additionally, the NDN facilitates consumer mobility easily and has incorporated security for every piece of Data. The essence of NDN comes from CCN [11, 12]. This can be shown in NDN architectural and protocol operations. Besides that, NDN has a modular and extensible codebase. As NDN architecture changes the Internet architecture model, the network communication changes to retrieve content. Any communication in NDN is based on two kinds of packets: Interest and Data. A Data packet is a named sequence of bytes. A name is a  
   
  Enabling a Sustainable and Inclusive Digital Future  
   
  345  
   
  sequence of arbitrarily many components. As an example, a picture could be identified by the name /xyz/pics/tree.jpg, which contains three components: xyz, pics, and tree.jpg. Network communication begins as soon as the consumer sends the producer an Interest to request a certain Data packet. After the router gets an Interest, three data structure tables would be involved, which are a Forwarding Information Base (FIB), a Pending Interest Table (PIT), and a Content Store (CS). FIB is the table that contains information on the publisher and interfaces. PIT caches all Interest yet received Data. In contrast, CS provides a provisional cache for storing acquired Data packets. The forwarding process would be performed until the name of Interest is a prefix of a Data packet’s name. In NDN, there are two types of mobility: consumer mobility and producer mobility. The following subsections present both types of mobility. 2.1 Consumer Mobility Data retrieval begins when NDN consumers express Interest packet in the NDN network. Upon accepting the Interest, the NDN router searches for Data in the CS. If the prefix matches, the Data will be returned to the consumer. Or else, the router registers the Interest in the PIT. The Interest is sent using the stateful forwarding strategy, which utilizes the information of the following face from the FIB and Data (traffic measurements) planes. Each record in the PIT constructs an inverse path known as the breadcrumb trail, which will be used as the primary path between the provider of the content and the consumer. The breadcrumb trail function shows how consumer mobility is instinctively established in NDN.  
   
  Fig. 1. Consumer Mobility in NDN  
   
  346  
   
  N. H. A. Zukri et al.  
   
  As shown in Fig. 1, the consumer can resubmit any outstanding or expired Interests if they relocate while the network gets the desired data. By doing so, the intermediate router can update the path to the consumer’s current location. If the old and new paths cross, the consumer will retrieve the previously requested Data from a router’s cache without propagating further. Given this NDN nature, the consumer effortlessly gets the remaining content from these routers to fulfill its content needs. For the next request, the consumer can efficiently get the remaining Data packets only by re-issuing Interest again for similar content [13, 14], and it can be done within the minimum delay. In conclusion, the consumer mobility issue is inherently solved through cached contents at router space or resending the Interest packet to the intermediate router after the completion of consumer mobility [15]. 2.2 Producer Mobility In NDN, consumer issue Interest messages carrying the name of the requested information object. Although the name of the content is separated from the location, the hierarchical name comprises the location of the content such as the example ‘uum/edu/my/ahsgs/homepage.pic’. The NDN directly coupled the location with the content name, adding them to FIB in the routing protocol [15]. Consequently, whenever the consumer delivers an Interest packet, the connected router determines the path by looking up the FIB for a suitable producer (content source). Generally, FIB contains the entries of long prefixes address for the next-hop or content source. This allows it to determine the optimal path to access content and further the Interest. The producer satisfies the consumer’s content needs by sending the desired content from its location to the consumer. Whenever the producer shifts and connects with the other CR, the producer must update the FIB of all routers in the NDN network. Otherwise, Interest reaches the old CR to retrieve the content. Sometimes, it takes quite a long time to get a new CR. Due to the unavailability of the producer, no content is available for the consumer [16]. Furthermore, the network will suffer from high overhead, packet loss, and long handover latency [8]. Ultimately, the consumer lost communication until the producer informed its new name prefix in the network. Figure 2 illustrates the producer mobility in NDN. To control mobility in ad-hoc networks, NDN uses the Listen First Broadcast Later (LFBL) protocol. LFBL floods the Interest packet to the serving routers and broadcasts name prefixes across all the serving routers after the producer handoff process is completed [17, 18]. The decisions for prefix announcements are made depending on the availability of the wireless channel. If no other node has sent a matching data packet, the router forwards the packet. However, the LFBL protocol generates high signaling and has no mechanism to recover the dropped and incoming Interest packets sent at the previous attached CR. Furthermore, producer mobility is not natively supported due to the unavailability of content locators and failures in content access through the routing system. The second NDN solution to minimize the producer mobility effect is caching content at the router.  
   
  Enabling a Sustainable and Inclusive Digital Future  
   
  347  
   
  Fig. 2. The Producer Mobility in NDN  
   
  3 Producer Mobility Approaches Many researchers associated producer mobility support systems with various titles and grouping to find a solution to the producer mobility challenges in NDN. The producer mobility approaches can be divided into the following categories: 3.1 Rendezvous Approach In this study, rendezvous represents a general concept of “indirection” [19]. The rendezvous point maintains the binding between the source and target prefixes. The operation of a rendezvous point is presented in Fig. 3. As an indirection concept of approach, the rendezvous point is central to giving out mobility knowledge for each mobile node. All consumers’ requests go through the rendezvous point first to obtain the producer’s new location and are sent to it. Whenever the producer re-attaches to the newly attached Content Router (CR), it must inform its current location to the rendezvous point. Then, as in [20], the rendezvous node propagates the routing prefix to the forwarding planes. Dealing with the unique trace Interest and trace Data on the rendezvous node adds some extra costs. [21] Use the concept of rendezvous for the proxy implementation between the consumer and producer path.  
   
  348  
   
  N. H. A. Zukri et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. Operation of a Rendezvous Approach [8].  
   
  3.2 Anchor-Based Approach Similar to the idea of MobileIP in TCP/IP, the anchor-based solution made use of an anchor node called Home Agent (HA). HA keeps tracking the position information of relocated mobile nodes. Figure 4 shows a consumer resubmitting the Interest to HA and finding a new location for the producer. Then, HA transmits the Interest directly to the producer. Various schemes [16, 22] introduce the notification method about the producer’s relocation to HA. Although these schemes are simple and reduce the handover latency, this approach is vulnerable because of heavily dependent on a single node (HA). One of the drawbacks is the transmission of all packets via the anchor node will lead to the bottleneck effect [23]. 3.3 Anchor-Less Approach The anchor-less approach allows a producer to update its new location information in the network without relying on third-party [24, 25], as shown in Fig. 5. Upon receiving the notification, routers update the FIB table with the latest location information. Since FIB is keeping up to date, the Interest can be submitted to the current location of the producer. Thus, no specific node like a rendezvous point or HA is required to forward the packet. [26] apply this strategy and update FIBs of associated routers to facilitate forwarding the Interest to the node. However, the disadvantage of this scheme lies in a scenario in which the producers are relocating regularly, which frequently updating the FIB of the connected routers may trigger traffic [23].  
   
  Enabling a Sustainable and Inclusive Digital Future  
   
  349  
   
  Fig. 4. Operation of the Anchor-based Approach.  
   
  In [27], the producer announces the leaving status of the network, including the previous attached CR. The producer’s frequent movement hampered the propagation of the concurrent FIB updates. This scheme provides a fast and lightweight handover but incurs high signaling due to extra packets sent for the notification from the leaving producer.  
   
  Fig. 5. Operation of the Anchor-less Approach.  
   
  350  
   
  N. H. A. Zukri et al.  
   
  Table 1 shows different producer mobility approaches and presents the respective solutions’ type, merits, and demerits. Table 1. Summary of producer mobility approaches in NDN Approaches  
   
  Ref  
   
  Type  
   
  Merits  
   
  Demerits  
   
  Rendezvous  
   
  [20] [21]  
   
  Reactive Proactive  
   
  Reduce Interest packet loss  
   
  Single points of failure, high signaling  
   
  Anchor-based  
   
  [28] [16] [22] [29]  
   
  Reactive Reactive Reactive Proactive  
   
  Reduce handover latency  
   
  Bottleneck effect  
   
  Anchor-less  
   
  [24] [25] [30] [26] [27]  
   
  Reactive Reactive Proactive Reactive Reactive  
   
  Reduce Interest packet loss  
   
  High traffic, high signaling  
   
  4 Proposed Mechanism In this section, we present the mechanism that describes the main ideas in addressing the issues of long handover latency, high-Interest packet loss, and Interest retransmission. Based on these issues, Fig. 6 illustrates the proposed proactive producer mobility management mechanism. Despite the exchange of Interest and Data packet, this mechanism proposed three schemes for normal communication in NDN which are: 4.1 Determine the Producer’s Mobility Handover Time In order to reduce handover latency, the mechanism shall proactively determine the producer’s leaving time. This research overcomes the issue by calculating the minutes’ handover begins. Every few seconds, the scheme will trigger the sensor to detect the Received Signal Strength (RSS) of the producer with CR1. If RSS is lower than the threshold (th), the scheme will calculate the producer’s mobility handover time. It is important to determine the handover time so that the method to minimize the producer’s mobility effect would be implemented sooner. 4.2 Send Mobility Packet After determining the producer’s handover time, it is necessary to inform the consumer that the producer is leaving the router. The mobility packet acts as a notification signal to the consumer that contains information about the producer’s mobility. The consumer may delay the Interest transmission to the same producer upon receiving the packet. The Interest retransmission is delayed until the consumer receives further notice about the producer’s new location.  
   
  Enabling a Sustainable and Inclusive Digital Future  
   
  351  
   
  Fig. 6. The Proposed Proactive Producer Mobility Management Mechanism  
   
  4.3 Buffer Interest Buffer Interest will be implemented on the router’s side for a limited time based on the pre-determined handover time. Instead of dropping the Interest packet whose producer is moving away, the Interest is buffered at the router for a given time. So, the producer may immediately retrieve the unattended Interest after reconnecting with the new CR. By buffering Interest, the issue of the Interest packet loss will be diminished. 4.4 Message Flow Figure 7 illustrates the real communications between producer and consumer using the proposed mechanism. In this example, the consumer watches a live-streaming video (/xx.my/video) from the producer. The communication between consumer and producer went smoothly, as in NDN normal communication, until the RSS of the producer was detected to be lower than the threshold (-77dBm). The first scheme calculates the handover time of the producer and sends the information encapsulated in the mobility packet. The purpose of sending the mobility packet is to inform the routers along the route, which are CR1, CR2, and CR3, and the consumer about the moving status of the producer. While the packet is underway, CR1 may retrieve new Interest from the consumer (/xx.my/video). If that’s the case, CR1 will buffer the Interest of the moving producer until it receives an update about the producer’s new location. After the producer is connected to the new router at CR4, the producer updates its location on the network. When CR1 receives the location information, all Interest buffered is sent to the producer. Upon receiving the Interest, the producer sends Data (/xx.my/video/v2) to the consumer via a new path.  
   
  352  
   
  N. H. A. Zukri et al.  
   
  Fig.7. The Message Flow of The Proposed Mechanism  
   
  The proposed mechanism will be measured based on handoff latency, interest packet loss, data packet delivery, and throughput for the evaluation. The formula for each parameter will be studied. Results from the simulation will be accumulated and compared with the OPMSS [25] and MAP-Me [27].  
   
  5 Conclusion The NDN architecture is key to building a more inclusive and sustainable future Internet. Nevertheless, the NDN does not provide enough assistance for mobile producers, particularly if they lose their connections. Given the severe effects of mobility towards communication in the network, much research has been done, and these research works are categorized into various approaches. However, after thoroughly investigating previous research, we have identified several problems, such as high signaling, high packet loss, and long handover latency. Thus, this paper proposed a proactive producer mobility management mechanism to solve such problems. The contribution of this paper is twofold. First, we look at mobility in NDN and producer mobility approaches. The approaches are categorized into rendezvous, anchor-based, and anchor-less approaches. All papers are being analyzed and criticized, respectively. By comparing both approaches, we can identify the best fit for designing the proactive mobility management mechanism. Second, we design the proactive producer mobility management mechanism by incorporating three strategies: determining the producer’s mobility handover time, sending the mobility packet, and buffer Interest. The proposed mechanism is expected to provide the mobility solution to support producer mobility in NDN architecture by minimizing the Interest retransmission and handoff latency.  
   
  Enabling a Sustainable and Inclusive Digital Future  
   
  353  
   
  The future work includes: 1) further investigating the methods for developing the producer mobility mechanism; 2) implementing the mechanism in the simulation environment; 3) evaluating the sustainability for inclusive real-world deployment by comparing the performance between other popular mechanisms.  
   
  References 1. Sharma, S., et al.: In pursuit of inclusive and diverse digital futures: Exploring the potential of design fiction in education of children. Interact. Des. Archit. 51, 219–248 (2021) 2. Ahmad, A., Hussaini, M., Awang Nor, S.: Overview of future internet: named data networking. In: Seminar Teknologi Multimedia & Komunikasi, pp. 313–319 (2019). e-Prosiding SMTComm’19, School of Multimedia Technology & Communication, Universiti Utara Malaysia (2019) 3. Ghodsi, A., Shenker, S., Koponen, T., Singla, A., Raghavan, B., Wilcox, J.: Informationcentric networking: seeing the forest for the trees. In: Proceedings of the 10th ACM Workshop on Hot Topics in Networks (2011) 4. Koponen, T., et al.: A data-oriented (and beyond) network architecture. In: Proceedings of the 2007 Conference on Applications, Technologies, Architectures, and Protocols for Computer Communications (2007) 5. Jacobson, V., Smetters, D.K., Thornton, J.D., Plass, M.F., Briggs, N.H., Braynard, R.L.: Networking named content. In: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Emerging networking experiments and technologies (2009) 6. Fotiou, N., Nikander, P., Trossen, D., Polyzos, G.C.: Developing information networking further: From PSIRP to pursuit. In: Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering, pp. 1–13 (2012) 7. Dannewitz, C., Kutscher, D., Ohlman, B., Farrell, S., Ahlgren, B., Karl, H.: Network of Information (NetInf) – an information-centric networking architecture. Comput. Commun. 36, 721–735 (2013) 8. Abrar, A., Che Mohamed Arif, A.S., Zaini, K.M.: A mobility mechanism to manage producer mobility in named Data Networking. In: 2022 IEEE Region 10 Symposium (TENSYMP). IEEE (2022) 9. Chen, Y.-S., Hsu, C.-S., Huang, D.-Y.: A pipe-assisted mobility management in named Data Networking Networks. In: The 16th Asia-Pacific Network Operations and Management Symposium (2014) 10. Liu, W.-X., Yu, S.-Z., Tan, G., Cai, J.: Information-centric networking with built-in network coding to achieve multisource transmission at network-layer. Comput. Netw. 115, 110–128 (2017) 11. Chaabane, A., De Cristofaro, E., Kaafar, M.A., Uzun, E.: Privacy in content-oriented networking: threats and countermeasures. ACM SIGCOMM Comput. Commun. Rev. 43, 25–33 (2013) 12. White, G., Rutz, G.: Content Delivery with Content-Centric Networking (2016) 13. Cha, J.-H., Choi, J.-H., Kim, J.-Y., Han, Y.-H., Min, S.-G.: A mobility link service for NDN Consumer Mobility. Wirel. Commun. Mob. Comput. 2018, 1–8 (2018) 14. Mars, D., Mettali Gammar, S., Lahmadi, A., Azouz Saidane, L.: Using information centric networking in Internet of Things: a survey. Wirel. Pers. Commun. 105, 87–103 (2019) 15. Feng, B., Zhou, H., Xu, Q.: Mobility support in named Data Networking: A Survey. Springer International Publishing, EURASIP Journal on Wireless Communications and Networking (2016)  
   
  354  
   
  N. H. A. Zukri et al.  
   
  16. Kim, D., Ko, Y.-B.: On-demand anchor-based mobility support method for named data networking. In: 2017 19th International Conference on Advanced Communication Technology (ICACT), pp. 19–23(2017) 17. Abrar, A., Arif, A.S., Zaini, K.M.: Producer mobility support in information-centric networks: research background and open issues. Int. J. Commun. Netw. Distrib. Syst. 28(3), 312–316 (2022) 18. Xylomenos, G., et al.: A survey of information-centric networking research. IEEE Commun. Surv. Tutorials 16, 1024–1049 (2014) 19. Zhang, Y., Afanasyev, A., Burke, J., Zhang, L.: A survey of mobility support in named Data Networking. In: 2016 IEEE Conference on Computer Communications Workshops (INFOCOM WKSHPS) (2016) 20. Zhang, Y., Xia, Z., Mastorakis, S., Zhang, L.: Kite: producer mobility support in named data networking. In: Proceedings of the 5th ACM Conference on Information-Centric Networking, pp. 125–136. Association for Computing Machinery (2018) 21. Rui, L., Dai, S., Gao, Z., Qiu, X., Chen, X.: Double-lead content search and producer location prediction scheme for producer mobility in named data networking. Comput. J. 66(11), 2825– 2843 (2022) 22. Hussaini, M., Nor, S.A., Ahmad, A.: PMSS: producer mobility support scheme optimization with RWP mobility model in named data networking. Int. J. Commun. Netw. Inf. Secur. (IJCNIS), 10(2), 329–339 (2022) 23. Lee Chee Hang, L.C., Lee Chee Hang, Y.-B.L., Yu-Beng Leau, Y.J., Yong Jin Park, Z.Y., Zhiwei Yan, S.P.: Protocol and evaluation of network mobility with producer nodes in named Data Networking. J. Internet Technol. 23, 459–466 (2022) 24. Korla, S., Chilukuri, S.: T-MOVE: a light-weight protocol for improved QoS in content-centric networks with producer Mobility. Future Internet 11(2), 28 (2019). MDPI 25. Hussaini, M., Naeem, M.A., Kim, B.-S.: OPMSS: optimal producer mobility support solution for named data networking. Appl. Sci. 11, 4064 (2021) 26. Do, T.X., Kim, Y.: Optimal provider mobility in large-scale named- data networking. In: KSII Transactions on Internet and Information Systems, vol. 9, no. 10, pp. 4054–4071 (2015) 27. Auge, J., Carofiglio, G., Grassi, G., Muscariello, L., Pau, G., Zeng, X.: MAP-me: managing anchor-less producer mobility in content-centric networks. IEEE Trans. Netw. Serv. Manage. 15, 596–610 (2018) 28. Gohar, M., Khan, N., Ahmad, A., Najam-Ul-Islam, M., Sarwar, S., Koh, S.-J.: Cluster-based device mobility management in named data networking for Vehicular Networks. Mob. Inf. Syst. 2018, 1–7 (2018) 29. Araújo, F.R., de Sousa, A.M., Sampaio, L.N.: SCaN-Mob: an opportunistic caching strategy to support producer mobility in named data wireless networking. Comput. Netw. 156, 62–74 (2019) 30. Ali, I., Lim, H.: Anchor-less producer Mobility Management in named data networking for real-time multimedia. Mob. Inf. Syst. 2019, 1–12 (2019)  
   
  The Recent Trends of Research on GitHub Copilot: A Systematic Review Zhamri Che Ani1(B) , Zauridah Abdul Hamid1 , and Nur Nazifa Zhamri2 1 School of Computing, University Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  2 Sime Darby Motors, 47301 Petaling Jaya, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. GitHub Copilot is an AI-powered code generation tool developed by OpenAI and GitHub that has gained significant attention from the software engineering community. Despite the significant attention received from the software engineering community, there is a lack of comprehensive examination of its effectiveness, reliability, and ethical implications on GitHub Copilot. The absence of a systematic review of GitHub Copilot’s recent research trends hinders a thorough understanding of its current state of development and potential impact on software development practices. Therefore, this systematic review aims to analyze the recent trends of research on GitHub Copilot to assess its current state of development, identify gaps in existing knowledge, and provide insights into potential future research directions. This study used PRISMA for searching the relevant databases, screening and selecting eligible studies based on inclusion and exclusion criteria, data extraction and synthesis, and critical appraisal of the quality and relevance of the studies included. The results show that the trend of the studies is focusing on four main areas: developer productivity, code quality, code security and education. Keywords: GitHub Copilot · Code Generation · OpenAI  
   
  1 Introduction GitHub Copilot, developed by OpenAI and GitHub in 2021 [1], is an AI-powered code generation tool that has garnered significant attention in the software engineering community. It aims to assist developers by automatically suggesting code snippets and completing lines of code based on natural language descriptions and context [2]. Leveraging machine learning techniques and a vast codebase, Copilot has the potential to enhance developer productivity and accelerate software development processes. Previous studies have explored the use of AI in code generation [15], the impact of automated coding tools on developer workflows [3], and the ethical considerations associated with AI-assisted coding [4]. However, there is a lack of comprehensive examination of its effectiveness, reliability, and ethical implications on GitHub Copilot. The absence of a systematic review of GitHub Copilot’s recent research trends hinders a thorough understanding of its current state of development and potential impact on software development practices. A comprehensive review of recent research trends on GitHub Copilot is essential to assess its effectiveness, identify limitations, and uncover potential future directions. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 355–366, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_27  
   
  356  
   
  Z. C. Ani et al.  
   
  Therefore, the objective of this article is to analyze the recent trends of research on GitHub Copilot to assess its current state of development, identify gaps in existing knowledge, and provide insights into potential future research directions. This study used the PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) methodology to systematically search relevant databases, apply pre-determined inclusion and exclusion criteria, extract and synthesize data, and critically appraise the quality and relevance of included studies. These rigorous procedures ensure a comprehensive and reliable analysis of the literature on GitHub Copilot.  
   
  2 Methodology This section describes the approach employed to retrieve articles relevant to GitHub Copilot. The PRISMA method, including the prominent databases Scopus, ACM Digital Library, and ScienceDirect, were used to conduct the systematic review. The review process encompassing identification, screening, and eligibility, as well as the data abstraction and analysis methods, are also presented. 2.1 PRISMA PRISMA stands for Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and MetaAnalyses. The PRISMA statement was first published in 2009 and has been updated several times. The most recent version, PRISMA 2020, was published in June 2021. It is a widely recognized tool for conducting systematic reviews and meta-analyses in healthcare research. PRISMA provides a checklist that researchers should consider when preparing their systematic review or meta-analysis, such as defining the research question, specifying the inclusion and exclusion criteria, and assessing the risk of bias in included studies. Its use is recommended for reporting systematic reviews and meta-analyses to enhance transparency, completeness, and reproducibility [5]. 2.2 Resources The review relied on three primary journal databases – Scopus, ACM Digital Library, and ScienceDirect. Scopus, recognized as one of the largest and most comprehensive bibliographic databases, encompasses various disciplines such as science, technology, medicine, social sciences, and humanities. It offers many indexed and abstracted articles from scholarly journals, conference proceedings, and books [6]. The ACM Digital Library is a vast repository of scholarly resources, encompassing articles, books, conference proceedings, and other computer science and information technology publications. Recognized as a valuable resource, it is a comprehensive platform for researchers, educators, and practitioners who aim to remain abreast of the latest advancements in their respective domains [7]. ScienceDirect is a robust database that offers access to an extensive collection of scientific, technical, and medical research articles from various journals and books. It is an invaluable resource for researchers, scholars, and students who strive to keep up with the latest developments in their respective fields [8].  
   
  The Recent Trends of Research on GitHub Copilot  
   
  357  
   
  2.3 Eligibility and Exclusion Criteria Several eligibility and exclusion criteria are determined. The first criterion, Literature type, specifies that only research articles published in journals and proceedings will be eligible for inclusion. These articles are typically peer-reviewed and provide original research findings, making them more reliable and valuable for research purposes. The exclusion criteria under this criterion include systematic reviews, book series, books, chapters in books, and conference proceeding books. The second criterion, Language, specifies that only articles published in English will be considered. This criterion ensures that the selected articles can be easily understood and reduces the potential for languagerelated bias in the selection process. The final criterion is Timeline. Since the GitHub Copilot is a new tool, selecting articles is unlimited. All articles published in 2023 and the years before, have been selected. This criterion ensures that all articles related to the GitHub Copilot were chosen (see Table 1). Table 1. The inclusion and exclusion criteria. Criterion  
   
  Eligibility  
   
  Exclusion  
   
  Literature type Journal (research articles), proceeding Journal (systematic review), (research articles) proceeding (systematic review), book series, book, chapter in book, conference proceeding book Language  
   
  English  
   
  Non-English  
   
  Timeline  
   
  Any time < 2023  
   
  None  
   
  2.4 Systematic Review Process The systematic review was conducted in April 2023 and comprised four distinct stages. The first stage involved the identification of relevant keywords for the search process. Since GitHub Copilot is a unique keyword, “GitHub Copilot” was used. Following a meticulous process, 12 duplicated articles were eliminated. The second stage was the screening process, which excluded two articles due to their status as conference proceedings, leaving 26 eligible articles for review. In the third stage, the eligibility criteria were applied to the full articles, excluding nine articles that focused on topics other than GitHub Copilot. Finally, the review’s last stage yielded 15 articles suitable for qualitative analysis, as presented in Fig. 1.  
   
  358  
   
  Z. C. Ani et al.  
   
  Fig. 1. The flow diagram of the study. (Adapted from [16]).  
   
  2.5 Data Abstraction and Analysis The remaining articles were assessed and analyzed. Efforts were concentrated on studies that met the predetermined inclusion criteria, which ensured that the analysis focused on relevant sources of evidence. To extract relevant data, the team initially read through the article abstracts, followed by a more in-depth analysis of the full articles to identify significant trends related to GitHub Copilot. Qualitative analysis was performed using content analysis techniques, which allowed the team to identify relevant themes and patterns in the data. This rigorous and systematic approach to data analysis ensured that the study’s findings were grounded in the available evidence and provided a robust synthesis of the research on GitHub Copilot.  
   
  3 Results Table 2 shows the recent trends of GitHub Copilot research. There are four main areas studied by researchers in 2022 and 2023: developer productivity, code quality, code security and education.  
   
  The Recent Trends of Research on GitHub Copilot  
   
  359  
   
  Table 2. Recent Trends in GitHub Co-pilot Research. Authors Yetistiren et al. (2022) [24] Sobania et al. (2022) [19] Ziegler et al. (2022) [25] Siddiq et al. (2022) [18] Imai (2022) [10]  
   
  Developer Productivity  
   
  Code Quality √  
   
  Vaithilingam et al. (2022) [22]  
   
  Education  
   
  √ √ √ √ √  
   
  Puryear and Sprint (2022) [14] Sun et al. (2022) [20]  
   
  Code Security  
   
  √ √  
   
  Nguyen and Nadi (2022) [11] Al Madi (2022) [2] Siddiq et al. (2022) [17] Pearce et al. (2022) [13] Finnie-Ansley et al. (2023) [6] Denny et al. (2023) [3] Wermelinger (2023) [23]  
   
  √ √ √ √ √ √ √  
   
  3.1 Developer Productivity The study [9] aimed to assess the performance of GitHub Copilot, an automatic program synthesis tool, and compare it with genetic programming approaches on common program synthesis benchmark problems. The results revealed that both approaches had similar performance on benchmark problems. However, genetic programming approaches still needed to be mature enough to support practical software development due to their reliance on expensive hand-labelled training cases, long execution times, and bloated and hard-to-understand generated code. The researchers suggested that future work on program synthesis with genetic programming should prioritize improving execution  
   
  360  
   
  Z. C. Ani et al.  
   
  time, readability, and usability to overcome these challenges and enable more practical applications of this approach. The study [10] aimed to assess the impact of GitHub Copilot on user productivity and identify measurable user data that reflects their perceptions. The researchers analyzed user behaviors and feedback to determine the factors influencing developers’ productivity when using Copilot. The results showed that the rate of acceptance of suggestions was the primary driver of productivity, indicating that user satisfaction and acceptance of suggested code snippets were more critical to productivity than the longevity of the code snippets. The study underscores the importance of user-centered design in developing AI-powered programming tools that can enhance developer productivity. The study [11] aims to investigate the effectiveness of GitHub Copilot in pair programming contexts compared to human pair programming. The researchers experimented with 21 participants, who were randomly assigned to one of three conditions: pair programming with Copilot, human pair programming as a driver, and human pair programming as a navigator. The results suggest that while Copilot can increase productivity in terms of lines of code added, the quality of the generated code is inferior, as indicated by a higher number of lines of code deleted in subsequent trials. The study highlights the importance of being cautious when relying solely on AI-based tools in pair programming contexts. The study [12] investigates GitHub Copilot’s usability and perceived usefulness, a large language model-based code generation tool, in the programming workflow. The study employs a within-subjects user study with 24 participants to examine how programmers use the tool. The results show that Copilot did not improve task completion time or success rate. Still, most participants preferred to use it in their daily programming tasks since it provided a useful starting point and saved them the effort of searching online. However, participants faced challenges in understanding, editing, and debugging code snippets that were generated by Copilot, which reduced their task-solving effectiveness. The study highlights the need to improve the design of Copilot based on the observed difficulties and participants’ feedback. 3.2 Code Quality The study [13] aimed to assess the quality of code generated by GitHub Copilot and to examine the impact of input parameters on its performance. The researchers utilized an experimental setup to evaluate the generated code’s validity, correctness, and efficiency. The results showed that GitHub Copilot generated valid code with a success rate of 91.5%, and 28.7% of the problems were correctly generated, while 51.2% were partially correct and 20.1% were incorrect. The study indicates that GitHub Copilot holds significant promise as a programming tool, but further assessments and improvements are necessary to optimize its performance in generating entirely accurate code that meets all requirements. The study [14] aims to evaluate the correctness and understandability of the code generated by Copilot, which assists programmers by generating code based on natural language descriptions of desired functionality. The study utilizes 33 LeetCode questions in four programming languages to create queries for Copilot. It assesses the corresponding 132 Copilot solutions for correctness using LeetCode’s provided tests and  
   
  The Recent Trends of Research on GitHub Copilot  
   
  361  
   
  for understandability using SonarQube’s complexity metrics. The findings indicate that Copilot’s Java suggestions have the highest correctness score (57%) while JavaScript has the lowest (27%). Overall, Copilot’s recommendations have low complexity, with no significant differences between programming languages. The study also identifies some potential shortcomings of Copilot, such as generating code that could be further simplified and relying on undefined helper methods. The study concludes by highlighting the need for further research to address these issues and explore the potential of Copilot in supporting software development. The study [15] examines the impact of code generated by machine learning models on code readability and visual attention. Specifically, focus on GitHub Copilot to compare the generated code with code written entirely by human programmers. The study conducted a human experiment with 21 participants, used static code analysis, and used eye tracking to evaluate the code’s readability and visual inspection. The findings suggest that model-generated code is comparable in complexity and readability to code written by human pair programmers. However, the eye-tracking data indicates that programmers tend to pay less visual attention to model-generated code. Consequently, reading code remains essential, and programmers should be mindful of automation bias and avoid complacency when working with model-generated code. 3.3 Code Security The study [16] introduces SecurityEval, an innovative dataset designed to evaluate machine learning-based code generation models’ security. The dataset comprises 130 diverse samples, each corresponding to 75 different vulnerability types and mapped to the widely recognized Common Weakness Enumeration. By leveraging SecurityEval, the authors assess the security of two prominent code generation models, InCoder and GitHub Copilot, and unveil that both models are susceptible to generating vulnerable code in certain cases. With its robustness and comprehensiveness, the SecurityEval dataset can serve as a valuable benchmark for scrutinizing the security features of other code generation models in future research. The study [17] delves into the ethical and security concerns surrounding GitHub Copilot and comparable products that harness deep learning models to learn from opensource code. To mitigate the potential exploitation of such code, the authors introduce a prototype named CoProtector, which employs data poisoning techniques. The primary aim of the CoProtector is to substantially decrease the performance of deep learning models similar to Copilot while simultaneously detecting covert watermark backdoors. The authors conducted extensive large-scale experiments to validate CoProtector’s effectiveness in achieving its objectives. The results demonstrate that CoProtector can effectively safeguard open-source code from misuse and potential breaches. The study [18] examines the presence of code smells and security vulnerabilities in datasets employed to train coding generation techniques and whether these issues are reflected in the output of such techniques. The study utilizes Pylint and Bandit to evaluate three training sets and analyze the output generated by an open-source transformerbased model and GitHub Copilot. The study results reveal that code smells and security vulnerabilities exist within the training sets, and these issues propagate into the output of the coding generation techniques. This underscores the need for further refinement  
   
  362  
   
  Z. C. Ani et al.  
   
  to ensure the generated code is devoid of such issues. The findings also emphasize the significance of careful selection and scrutiny of the training data to minimize the risk of code smells and security vulnerabilities in the generated code. The study [19] examines the security of GitHub Copilot, the pioneering AI pair programmer that automatically produces computer code. The concern arises from Copilot’s exposure to a vast amount of unverified code, raising the possibility of generating insecure code. The study thoroughly analyses 1,689 programs generated by Copilot in scenarios relevant to high-risk cybersecurity weaknesses. The results reveal that approximately 40% of the generated programs are vulnerable, indicating a significant security risk. Moreover, the study demonstrates that Copilot’s performance varies considerably based on the diversity of weaknesses, prompts, and domains. These findings emphasize the need for caution when employing AI-based code generation tools and underscore the importance of vetting generated code for security vulnerabilities to prevent potential security breaches. 3.4 Education The study [20] examines the impact of GitHub Copilot on the learning process in introductory computer science and data science courses. The authors evaluate the correctness, style, skill level appropriateness, grade scores, and potential plagiarism of programming assignments generated by Copilot. The results demonstrate that Copilot produces original primary code that can effectively solve introductory assignments, with human-graded scores ranging from 68% to 95%. Based on these findings, the authors recommend that educators adjust their courses to integrate new AI-based programming workflows. The research [21] investigates the effectiveness of OpenAI Codex, the underlying model for GitHub Copilot, in solving more advanced CS2 exam questions in comparison to the performance of students. The results indicate that Codex outperformed most students on these questions, generating accurate and comprehensive code. The study suggests that generative AI models like Codex have the potential to support students in completing programming assignments and exams and promote equitable access to highquality programming education. The study emphasizes the significance of considering the ramifications of these tools for the future of undergraduate computing education. The study [22] investigates the performance of GitHub Copilot on a diverse dataset of 166 programming problems, analyzing the types of problems that challenge Copilot and the natural language interactions between students and Copilot when resolving errors. The results demonstrate that Copilot solves approximately 50% of the problems on its initial attempt and can effectively solve 60% of the remaining problems using only natural language modifications to the problem description. The study suggests that the prompt engineering used to interact with Copilot when it initially fails can be a valuable learning activity that promotes the development of computational thinking skills and transforms the nature of code-writing skill acquisition. The study [23] examines the use of OpenAI’s Codex machine learning model in programming education, particularly its implementation as the GitHub Copilot plugin, and the implications it raises for educators. The study evaluates the model’s performance and limitations in supporting programming instruction through qualitative analysis of the code suggestions generated by Copilot and student feedback. The goal is to provide  
   
  The Recent Trends of Research on GitHub Copilot  
   
  363  
   
  insight into Copilot’s potential for programming education and to highlight the need for instructors to adapt their teaching practices accordingly. The findings indicate that while Copilot can generate correct and understandable code, it cannot replace the process of learning programming. Therefore, educators must incorporate Copilot into their pedagogical strategies judiciously.  
   
  4 Discussion GitHub Copilot is an AI-powered programming tool that has gained attention for its ability to generate code automatically. Several studies have explored Copilot’s performance, productivity, and usability in different contexts. One study compared Copilot with genetic programming approaches on common program synthesis benchmark problems, concluding that both approaches had similar performance but that genetic programming approaches still needed to be mature enough for practical software development. Another study investigated the impact of Copilot on user productivity and found that the rate of acceptance of suggestions was the primary driver of productivity. The third study compared Copilot with human pair programming and found that while Copilot increased productivity, the quality of generated code was inferior. The fourth study revealed that Copilot provided a useful starting point for programmers but needed help understanding, editing, and debugging generated code snippets. Several studies have recently assessed the code quality generated by GitHub Copilot, which assists programmers by generating code based on natural language descriptions of desired functionality. The studies have used various methods to evaluate the correctness and understandability of the generated code and have generally found that Copilot holds significant promise as a programming tool, generating valid code with high success rates. However, the studies also identify potential shortcomings, such as generating code that could be further simplified and relying on undefined helper methods. Further assessments and improvements are necessary to optimize Copilot’s performance in generating entirely accurate code that meets all requirements. Using machine learning-based code generation models, such as GitHub Copilot, raises ethical and security concerns. Several recent studies highlight the potential for such models to generate vulnerable code and the need for careful selection and scrutiny of training data to minimize risks. To address these concerns, researchers have introduced SecurityEval, a dataset for evaluating the security of code generation models, and CoProtector, a prototype aimed at safeguarding open-source code from misuse and breaches. While Copilot’s performance varies considerably based on the diversity of weaknesses, prompts, and domains, the studies emphasize the importance of vetting generated code for security vulnerabilities to prevent potential breaches. The studies explore using OpenAI’s Codex machine learning model in programming education through its implementation as the GitHub Copilot plugin. They investigate Copilot’s impact on the learning process, its ability to generate original code, and its performance on diverse programming problems. The studies show that Copilot has the potential to support students in completing programming assignments and exams and can promote equitable access to high-quality programming education. However, the studies also suggest that Copilot cannot replace the process of learning programming, and  
   
  364  
   
  Z. C. Ani et al.  
   
  educators must adapt their teaching practices to integrate these AI-based programming workflows effectively.  
   
  5 Future Direction or Recommendation Based on the above studies, the future direction of GitHub Copilot and similar AIpowered programming tools should focus on improving the accuracy and simplicity of generated code while addressing ethical and security concerns. This could involve further refinement of the training data and algorithms the tool uses to minimize the risk of generating vulnerable code. Additionally, developers could work on enhancing the tool’s ability to understand and edit generated code snippets and improving its debugging capabilities. In terms of programming education, the studies suggest that AI-powered programming tools like Copilot have the potential to support students in completing programming assignments and exams and promote equitable access to high-quality programming education. However, it is also essential for educators to adapt their teaching practices to integrate these tools effectively, emphasizing the importance of learning programming concepts and not relying solely on generated code. The future direction of programming education should thus explore ways to integrate these AI-based programming workflows into the classroom while ensuring that they complement and enhance traditional programming education rather than replace it. The future direction of AI-powered programming tools should prioritize accuracy, simplicity, and security while promoting equitable access to high-quality programming education. This requires balancing the benefits and risks associated with these tools and continued research and development to optimize their performance and address any potential ethical and security concerns.  
   
  6 Conclusion In conclusion, the recent trends of the studies are focusing on four main areas: developer productivity, code quality, code security and education. The research on GitHub Copilot has shown significant promise in generating valid code with high success rates and increasing user productivity. However, potential shortcomings need to be addressed, such as generating code that could be further simplified and vetting for security vulnerabilities. The studies also suggest that Copilot can support students in completing programming assignments and exams, but it cannot replace the process of learning programming entirely. As AI-based programming workflows become more prevalent, educators must effectively adapt their teaching practices to integrate them into programming education. Future research should address the ethical and security concerns raised by machine learning-based code generation models and optimize their performance to generate entirely accurate code that meets all requirements.  
   
  The Recent Trends of Research on GitHub Copilot  
   
  365  
   
  References 1. Gershgorn, D.: GitHub and OpenAI launch a new AI tool that generates its own code 2. Friedman, N.: Introducing GitHub Copilot: your AI pair programmer 3. Tu, C., H., Y., Lo, D.: Investigating the impact of AI-powered code completion on developer workflows. In: ACM 44th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), pp. 1024–1035 (2022) 4. Hao, M., Zhou, Y., Yang, Y.: Ethical considerations of AI-assisted coding tools: a systematic review. J. Comput. Sci. Technol. 38, 99–115 (2021) 5. Page, M.J., et al.: The PRISMA 2020 statement: an updated guideline for reporting systematic reviews. Int. J. Surg. 88 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijsu.2021.105906 6. Elsevier: Scopus 7. ACM: ACM Digital Library 8. Elsevier: ScienceDirect. https://www.sciencedirect.com/. Accessed 04 Nov 2023 9. Sobania, D., Briesch, M., Rothlauf, F.: Choose your programming copilot: a comparison of the program synthesis performance of GitHub copilot and genetic programming. In: Proceedings of 2022 Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference, GECCO 2022, pp. 1019–1027 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1145/3512290.3528700 10. Ziegler, A., et al.: Productivity assessment of neural code completion, 21–29 (2022). https:// doi.org/10.1145/3520312.3534864 11. Imai, S.: Is GitHub copilot a substitute for human pair-programming? 319–321 (2022). https:// doi.org/10.1145/3510454.3522684 12. Vaithilingam, P., Zhang, T., Glassman, E.L.: Expectation vs. experience: evaluating the usability of code generation tools powered by large language models. In: Proceedings of the Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (2022). https://doi.org/10.1145/3491101. 3519665 13. Yetistiren, B., Ozsoy, I., Tuzun, E.: Assessing the quality of GitHub copilot’s code generation. In: Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Predictive Models and Data Analytics in Software Engineering, Co-located with ESEC/FSE 2022, pp. 62–71 (2022). https://doi.org/ 10.1145/3558489.3559072 14. Nguyen, N., Nadi, S.: An empirical evaluation of GitHub copilot’s code suggestions. In: Proceedings of the 2022 Mining Software Repositories Conference, MSR 2022, pp. 1–5 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1145/3524842.3528470 15. Al Madi, N.: How readable is model-generated code? Examining readability and visual inspection of GitHub copilot. In: ACM International Conference Proceeding Series, pp. 2–6 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1145/3551349.3560438 16. Siddiq, M.L., Santos, J.C.S.: SecurityEval dataset: mining vulnerability examples to evaluate machine learning-based code generation techniques. Assoc. Comput. Mach. (2022). https:// doi.org/10.1145/3549035.3561184 17. Sun, Z., Du, X., Song, F., Ni, M., Li, L.: CoProtector: protect open-source code against unauthorized training usage with data poisoning. In: Proceedings of the ACM Web Conference, WWW 2022, pp. 652–660 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1145/3485447.3512225 18. Siddiq, M.L., Majumder, S.H., Mim, M.R., Jajodia, S., Santos, J.C.: An empirical study of code smells in transformer-based code generation techniques. In: International Working Conference on Source Code Analysis and Manipulation, SCAM, pp. 71–82. Dagstuhl Publishing, Limassol (2022) 19. Pearce, H., Ahmad, B., Tan, B., Dolan-Gavitt, B.R.K.: Asleep at the keyboard? Assessing the security of GitHub copilot’s code contributions. In: IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP), pp. 754–768. IEEE (2022)  
   
  366  
   
  Z. C. Ani et al.  
   
  20. Puryear, B., Sprint, G.: Github copilot in the classroom: learning to code with AI assistance. J. Comput. Sci. Coll. 3, 37–125 (2022) 21. Finnie-Ansley, J., Denny, P., Luxton-Reilly, A., Santos, E.A., Prather, J., Becker, B.A.: My AI wants to know if this will be on the exam: testing OpenAI’s codex on CS2 programming exercises. In: ACM International Conference Proceeding Series, pp. 97–104 (2023). https:// doi.org/10.1145/3576123.3576134 22. Denny, P., Kumar, V., Giacaman, N.: Conversing with copilot: exploring prompt engineering for solving CS1 problems using natural language. In: Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education, SIGCSE 2023, vol. 1, pp. 1136–1142 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1145/3545945.3569823 23. Wermelinger, M.: Using GitHub copilot to solve simple programming problems. In: Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education, SIGCSE 2023, vol. 1, pp. 172–178 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1145/3545945.3569830  
   
  Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review Mohammed Alsamman1(B) , Suhaidi Hassan1 and Yousef Fazea3  
   
  , Fathey Mohammed2  
   
  ,  
   
  1 School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, Sintok, 06010 Bukit Kayu Hitam,  
   
  Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Sunway Business School, Sunway University, 47500 Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia 3 Computer and Information Technology, Marshall University, 1 John Marshall Drive, Huntington, WV 25755, USA  
   
  Abstract. With infinite apps and online services, future Internet architecture will face new challenges and consequences, such as scalability, dependability, suitable mobility, and security. Internet use has changed spectacularly from one-way communication to content distribution, as much content is generated every minute. Blockchain and Named Data Networking (NDN) are two cutting-edge technologies on the verge of revolutionizing how we use the Internet. Blockchain is a decentralized ledger technology allowing users to store and share data securely. On the other hand, NDN is a new way of networking that focuses on content instead of location. Combining blockchain and NDN can create a safer, more efficient, and more decentralized internet. Blockchain can provide tamper-proof data records, and NDN can deliver content to users efficiently and securely. This paper emphasizes the importance of research in the field of blockchain over Named Data networks. It highlights the advantages of combining blockchain with NDN and discusses the difficulties and open research questions related to the use of blockchain over NDN. Also, the potential impact of blockchain over NDN on the future of the Internet as it can create a safer, more efficient, and more decentralized Internet. Keywords: Blockchain · Content Distribution · Content-Centric Network · Future Internet  
   
  1 Introduction Blockchain technology is currently one of the most popular technologies [1], as seen in Fig. 1, which shows the market size of blockchain technology globally. The widespread recognition of blockchain technology as a technological revolution generates enormous attention and publicity. The history of all transactions is kept in the distributed digital ledger, which comprises blocks of encrypted, signed transactions [2]. By providing copies of documents to each participant, the Blockchain concept avoids the need for centralized authority. Unlike traditional transactions, data control stays in the hands of © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 367–379, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_28  
   
  368  
   
  M. Alsamman et al.  
   
  a central authority, which is also in charge of verifying the customers’ credentials. The conventional source manages and administers data and ensures that it cannot be changed or erased. Contrarily, the blockchain concept employs. However, decentralized control eliminates the dangers present in the conventional paradigm.  
   
  Fig. 1. Blockchain Technology Market [1].  
   
  Blockchain technology has several uses in various industries, including crypto currency, the Internet of Things, healthcare, and distributed cloud storage. Every transaction in a blockchain network generates a hash dependent on the current and the prior transaction. Even minor changes in the transaction generate a whole new hash. The P2P network of nodes receives the broadcast of the transaction after that. The network nodes examine the hash to confirm that the transactions have not been altered. This network uses wellknown techniques to authenticate the transaction. After confirmation, the transaction is combined with other transactions to create a new ledger data block. Similar to how the Internet evolved, the blockchain paradigm’s rapid expansion has become pivotal. While decentralized approaches eliminate the single point of failure problem by allowing each node to calculate ratings and share them with other nodes independently, this requires the trustworthiness of the individual nodes to perform the computations and provide reputation values that cannot be found in today’s network architectural (TCP/IP) [2]. The Named Data Networking (NDN) architecture was developed to address the challenges of tracking and delivering the ever-increasing amount of content produced and delivered online. Unlike the current TCP/IP architecture, which focuses on the location of data, NDN focuses on the content itself. This allows for more efficient and scalable content delivery, and improved security and privacy. In NDN, data is named using a hierarchical naming scheme that makes it easy to find and retrieve. Data can be stored locally or in the cache of nearby nodes. The physical address of the host node is not required for communication in NDN, as the names of the data themselves are sufficient to identify the desired content. This eliminates the need for DNS, which is a major bottleneck in the current Internet architecture. The NDN architecture is designed to be backward-compatible with the existing Internet, making it a straightforward and scalable upgrade path [3].  
   
  Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review  
   
  369  
   
  The original Internet design is elegant and powerful due to its hourglass architecture. The narrow waist of the hourglass represents the core network layer, which implements the essential features necessary for global interconnectedness. This small size has been essential to the development of the Internet, as it has freed higher- and lower-layer technologies from unnecessary limitations. The NDN design also has a narrow waist, but it differs from the IP architecture in a fundamental way [3]. The use of data names in NDN allows for more efficient and scalable content delivery, as well as improved security and privacy. Data names are hierarchical, making finding and retrieving content easy. They are also self-describing, which means they contain information about the content, such as its type, size, and last modified date. Routers can use this information to make more informed decisions about how to route data packets [4]. Integrating blockchain technology with NDN has recently gained much attention in the research community. Scholars have highlighted the potential benefits of this integration, such as improved security, privacy, and scalability. NDN can also fulfill the needs of blockchain applications by providing a secure and efficient way to store and transfer data. This study focuses on integrating NDN and blockchain technology and discusses the potential benefits of this integration [5, 6]. The use of blockchain over NDN will be examined in this paper. The document layout is as follows: We’ll present the Methodology in Sect. 2 and the Background review in Sect. 3. A review of the latest studies of blockchain over NDN will be covered in Sect. 4. The discussions on the value of blockchain over NDN will be covered in Sect. 5. Open challenges will be presented in Sect. 6 and Sect. 7 will conclude the paper.  
   
  2 Methodology The narrative review method is used in this study to give readers enough background information to comprehend the research issue and emphasize the value of new knowledge. IEEE, ACM, Springer, and Elsevier are just a few of the research databases that the researchers use. Papers are initially chosen based on the broad keyword” Named Data Networks” and filtered to exclude duplicates and irrelevant ones. Additionally, particular keywords like” Blockchain over Named Data Network,” Named Data Networks,” and” Blockchain” are utilized to narrow down the articles that have been gathered. With 45% of the total publications from the IEEE database, the papers are mostly from 2021 to 2023. The remaining papers are sourced from various conferences and journals, with distribution percentages of 4%, 14%, 14%, 9%, and 14% for ACM, Springer, MDPI, Elsevier, and other conferences and journals, respectively. The study adopts a qualitative approach and conducts a narrative investigation. Qualitative research allows researchers to obtain comprehensive data in their natural settings, offering the opportunity for data interpretation given the interpretative nature of the study. Figure 2 illustrates the distribution of articles from different resources.  
   
  370  
   
  M. Alsamman et al.  
   
  Fig. 2. Articles from different resources.  
   
  3 Background First Section Blockchain and named data networking (NDN) are two emerging technologies that have the potential to revolutionize the way we interact with the Internet. Blockchain is a distributed ledger technology that can securely record and share data, while NDN is a new networking paradigm focusing on content rather than location. In this section, we will provide a background on blockchain and NDN. We will then discuss the potential benefits of combining these two technologies [6]. 3.1 NDN Forwarding Plane NDN architectural design proposes two packet types: interest packets and data packets. NDN users can access the data by subscribing to an Interest packet, which requests a content object and returns it as a Data packet; both packets contain the name of the content object. The Forwarding Information Base (FIB), the Pending Interest Table (PIT), and the Content Store are the three significant Data structures that an NDN router must maintain (CS) [3]. The FIB of an NDN router is often similar to the FIB of an IP router, with the architectural difference that it holds name prefixes rather than IP address prefixes. By doing this, the name prefixes may be sent to various interfaces. Each PIT section keeps a record of the Interest’s name, arriving interface(s), and forwarding interface(s) that it has been passed to (like a history table), when a router receives an interest packet, it first checks the Content Store (CS) to see whether there is any matching Data. The CS provides short-term in-network storage (caching) of the incoming Data packet. The interface from which the Interest is coming receives the data immediately [7]. On the other hand, if the name matches, the interest will proceed to look up the PIT entries. Suppose the name already appears in the PIT. In that case, it may be a duplicate Interest that has to be discarded or a retransmitted Interest from the same customer sent via a different outgoing interface (or an Interest from an alternate consumer requesting the same Data). This causes the PIT to check the nonce of the Interest and update the existing PIT record with the number of incoming interfaces. This effectively creates a  
   
  Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review  
   
  371  
   
  multicast tree for users requesting the same Data simultaneously. If the Interest name does not already exist in the PIT, it is added to the PIT and sent to the FIB, where the forwarding plane module will handle it. When a Data packet comes at this stage, the PIT is checked using the packet’s name. The router delivers the Data packet to the interface(s) from which the Interest arrived and deletes the PIT entrance if there is a match in the PIT entrance. Data packets then frequently follow the interests’ backward routes. The Data packet is discarded or cached in the CS if no match is detected. Every Interest has an associated lifespan that the consumer determines; if an Interest is unsatisfied before its lifetime expires, a PIT item is removed. Nevertheless, an NDN router may keep a Data packet in the CS due to the signature’s uniqueness and the dependability of the caching strategy. Even so, future interests can be satisfied using the data packets stored in the CS [8]. 3.2 Blockchain Framework Most modern blockchain systems use a common framework that was first established in Bitcoin and Ethereum and may be organized generally into four levels [9] as follow: Application Layer: By utilizing smart contracts, the decentralized applications of blockchain technology, such as supply chain management, identity management, and notarial services, have grown to include the application layer, which is used for cryptocurrency transfers. Data Layer: A blockchain framework’s data layer contains structures for consensus, data transfer, and ledger maintenance. Blocks are connected via hash references; however, block architectures may vary. Consensus Layer: The shared ledger is created via a process followed by the consensus layer in blockchain nodes, with copies on each node. Consistency requires agreement on how transactions should be executed in order. For quicker processing, transactions are organized into blocks, and the block sequence is chosen instead. The PoW consensus, used by many blockchain systems, is infamous for its lengthy transaction times and lack of transactional finality because of ledger forking. Researchers are looking into novel consensus methods to get over these restrictions and support a range of blockchain technology use cases. Transport Layer: The blockchain network’s transport layer defines how transactions are recorded to the ledger and how blockchain data is propagated. Public blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum use a P2P overlay to transfer data items to all nodes from a single source. The transport layer of the blockchain network controls how transactions are recorded and propagated.  
   
  4 Blockchain over Named Data Networks Most research on Named Data Networks and Blockchain technology has been done independently. Table 1 shows recent years that adopted Blockchain over NDN in various fields, including security and privacy, networks, the Internet of Things, mobility, and  
   
  372  
   
  M. Alsamman et al.  
   
  others. TCP/IP was the primary platform for the blockchain’s creation. When a node sends data over TCP/IP to several nodes, it must first package that data in a packet and send it to each node separately, which results in extra data transfer. NDN uses in-network caching, which can help to enhance the entire broadcast of a blockchain application. NDN’s data-centric methodology makes it possible to synchronize blocks on a blockchain effectively and distribute records. Data in NDN is gathered from the complete network rather than from a single node or location. Since there is no concept of a light node or a full node with blockchain technology via NDN, all nodes are treated equally. This resolves a critical security flaw in existing distributed ledger systems where the light node depends on the entire node to receive and deliver data, leaving it vulnerable to the full nodes’ malevolent behavior [10]. The studies in [10–12] investigate how different blockchains, including public, private, and consortium blockchains, can distribute data across NDN. Anyone with internet connectivity can become a certified node on a public blockchain, which is open and unrestricted and welcomes new nodes. A new node relay pressure metric is used for routing decisions in a green global routing system (GGNRP) to reduce power consumption and forwarding time [11]. Using a blockchain-based key management system for safe key distribution and verification is also suggested. While several organizations run consortium blockchains, private blockchains are used only by particular enterprises or organizations. With the potential to expand NDN application ecosystems, a new blockchain platform proposed in [12] uses named data networking (NDN) rather than the conventional internet protocol (IP) to build blockchain platforms. The suggested framework [13], which uses NDN and IPFS for data management and has three layers—the data layer, the blockchain layer, and the application layer—offers superior privacy protection, scalability, and efficiency than existing federated learning frameworks. The blockchain is used to store the aggregated data and to ensure its integrity. The framework has several advantages over traditional federated learning frameworks. First, it provides better privacy protection for the raw data. Second, it is more scalable and can support many edge devices. Third, it is more efficient, as it does not require transferring large amounts of data to the cloud server. A new certificate ledger system called CLedger. CLedger is a distributed system that uses named data networking (NDN) to store and manage certificates [14]. As NDN is naming data instead of nodes, this makes it possible to store and manage certificates in a distributed manner without having to worry about the identity of the nodes that store the certificates [14]. In addition, researchers in [15] proposed an XRP-NDN Overlay as a solution for improving the communication efficiency of consensus-validation-based blockchains like the XRP Ledger. It does this by using a Named Data Networking (NDN) overlay network. This allows for more efficient routing, as data can be routed directly to the destination, without having to go through a central server. In [9] it is suggested to use blockchain technology and hierarchical identity-based cryptography (HIBC) to construct anonymous identities and independently verify the validity of data in named data networking (NDN).  
   
  Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review  
   
  373  
   
  Table 1. Blockchain over Named Data Network related works Ref Year Area  
   
  Contribution  
   
  [11] 2021 Security Present a routing scheme based on node relaying pressure and blockchain-based key management scheme [12] 2023 Routing Present new protocols for propagating blockchain data using NDN features [13] 2022 Routing Proposed framework consists of three layers and used NDN to name the aggregated data [14] 2023 Security Design of CLedger, a secure distributed certificate ledger [15] 2023 Routing Proposed an XRP-NDN Overlay to enhance the effectiveness of communication across consensus - validation-based blockchains [9]  
   
  2022 Security Presents hierarchical identity-based cryptography (HIBC) and blockchain-based security method for NDN  
   
  [16] 2023 Security Proposed efficient and secure auditing of data transmission behavior for NDN IIoT networks [17] 2023 Security Proposed a NACDA approach for data verification in NDN, which improved the considerable delays brought on by the extremely dynamic nature of vehicle networks [18] 2023 Security Proposed a decentralized data authentication mechanism based on blockchain technology [19] 2023 Trust  
   
  Build mechanics trust between vehicles using NDN to route data efficiently, and blockchain to record transactions securely  
   
  [20] 2022 Security proposed a system called BIoVN, to secure IoV over NDN [21] 2023 Routing Present a new data dissemination protocol called A-C is based on the NDN forwarding [6]  
   
  2022 Routing Proposed a deployment of named data networking (NDN) at the network layer of the blockchain to provide differentiated QoS assurance  
   
  [22] 2023 Routing Proposed a framework called AFFIRM for generating, validating, storing, and retrieving mobility data in Web3 applications [23] 2022 Trust  
   
  Present a trust management system is to allow well-behaved peers to gain a good reputation  
   
  [24] 2021 Security Proposes a novel encryption-based data access control scheme for Named Data Networking (NDN) using Role-Based Encryption (RBE) [25] 2023 Trust  
   
  Proposes a proof-of-trust-based data authentication system for blockchains in NDN  
   
  [26] 2022 Routing Proposed access control system based on NFT enables NDN routers to forward ciphertext data [27] 2022 Routing This paper proposes integrating blockchain and NDN to improve document content storage (continued)  
   
  374  
   
  M. Alsamman et al. Table 1. (continued)  
   
  Ref Year Area  
   
  Contribution  
   
  [28] 2023 Security Proposed a CCN-based secure content delivery scheme for V2G networks [29] 2022 Security Proposes a security architecture for NDN based on a consortium blockchain and bootstrapping procedures  
   
  The authors [16] In the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), the study provides a simple transmission behavior audit scheme for Named Data Networking (NDN). The blockchain-based system makes it possible to audit data transmission behavior in NDN networks safely and effectively. It consists of three basic parts: a lightweight auditor for gathering and submitting records to the blockchain, a blockchain-based audit system for managing records, and a data packet for carrying audit records. The findings show that NDN networks can effectively detect malicious activities and have high throughput and low latency. IN [17] proposed Naming-Based Access Control and Decentralized Authorization (NACDA) system addresses challenges in data verification in dynamic vehicular net works by enabling secure and flexible data sharing on the Named Data Network (NDN) using Identity-Based Encryption with Wildcard Key Derivation (WKD-IBE) and blockchain. A new mechanism has been proposed in [18] to provide a decentralized data authentication mechanism based on blockchain technology that is both efficient and straightforward. A new framework proposed in [19] uses VSNs to build trust between vehicles, NDN to route data efficiently, and blockchain to record transactions securely. The framework is designed to be P2P, meaning that vehicles can trade energy directly with each other without needing central authority. While in [20] the authors proposed another system called BIoVN, which is a combination of blockchain technology and named data networking (NDN) for the Internet of Vehicles (IoV). The purpose of this system is to improve the security of vehicular communications over NDN. The authors in [21] introduce the Named Data Networking (NDN) and Erasure Coding (EC)-based A-C data distribution protocol. The protocol uses a two-layer NDNbased publication-subscription mechanism to maximize bandwidth efficiency and speed up data dissemination. It focuses on the prompt distribution of blocks and transactions in blockchain systems, which is crucial for consensus, effectiveness, and security. The A-C protocol improves data transmission efficiency and security in blockchain systems, reduces data redundancy, and addresses shortcomings of flooding-based gossip protocols. A deployment of named data networking (NDN) at the network layer of the blockchain to provide differentiated QoS assurance is proposed in [6]. It discussed the use of window sliding and forwarding strategies to speed up packet processing and meet the delay requirements of delay-sensitive packets. Also, a blockchain framework called AFFIRM for generating, validating, storing, and retrieving mobility data in Web3 applications. This framework enables nearby devices to self-organize as a fog network  
   
  Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review  
   
  375  
   
  and collaboratively train machine learning algorithms locally to securely generate, validate, store, and retrieve mobility data via consensus leveraging Information Centric Networking as the underlying architecture [22]. Author in [24] proposes a novel encryption-based data access control scheme for Named Data Networking (NDN) using Role-Based Encryption (RBE). The scheme ensures efficient data access control over hierarchical content, making it suitable for large-scale content-centric applications like Netflix. The study [25] proposes a proof-oftrust-based data authentication system for blockchains. The technique collects votes from a group of nodes to distribute and store items in the cache memory. The suggested system provides a fresh data authentication option for the upcoming Internet environment while attempting to address difficulties with tainted cache memory. In [26] smart contracts are used to distribute AttributeNFT and AccessNFT, a proposed access control system based on Non-Fungible Token (NFT) that enables NDN routers to forward ciphertext data packets only to authorized users, assuring data security and secure distribution. To increase document content distribution, security, and network speed, research in [27] suggests fusing blockchain technology with Named Data Networks (NDN). Three key contributions are made in the paper’s proposal for a CCN-based Three key contributions are made in the paper’s proposal for a CCN-based secure content delivery scheme for V2G networks: in-network caching for quick content delivery; a contract theory-based incentive scheme to entice vehicle participation, and the proof of authority consensus algorithm for secure content delivery and network trust [28]. Authors in [29] Used a symmetric-key-based authenticated encryption technique and a one-way hash chain for source authentication, this article suggests a security architecture for NDN that is based on a consortium blockchain and bootstrapping procedures. In [30] proposed CPA detection and prevention mechanism includes a threshold-based content caching system, a blockchain system for privacy, and an extension of NDN to push-based content dissemination.  
   
  5 Discussion With the goal of replacing TCP/IP at the network layer, adopting blockchain technology over NDN offers special benefits and applications that will benefit both the blockchain community and established online services. [5]. By focusing on network-level connectivity and adopting “data-driven authenticity” to assure the security of the data’s source, blockchain over NDN prioritizes data over location and ensures real decentralization. Researchers are interested in how specific technologies are emerging. Data retrieval is efficient using NDN, and data security is ensured via blockchain. Some scholars believe using blockchain technology for the current IP would be unwise. Instead, using blockchain technology over NDN may lead to more effective performance [6, 11]. NDN, a hypothetical future Internet architecture, can support blockchain technology, offering a dependable way to maintain databases without central authority. Blockchain over NDN fixes IP network problems and provides a decentralized system, making connecting nodes and synchronizing data simpler. Trust models can be centralized or decentralized; a prior method involved a central credit authority to collect and disseminate reputation values, but this method still entailed communication costs [15].  
   
  376  
   
  M. Alsamman et al.  
   
  Decentralized approaches eliminate the single point of failure problem by allowing each node to calculate ratings and share them with other nodes independently, but this requires the trustworthiness of the individual nodes to perform the computations and provide reputation values. While Encryption is incorporated into NDN to provide data security and authentication, and trust management enables good peers to build up a positive reputation while identifying and excluding bad peers from transactions [13, 25]. The decentralized nature of P2P networks needs a dispersed strategy in contrast to online reputation models. Blockchain over NDN can provide a decentralized system that is more efficient and simpler to implement. By using blockchain technology over NDN, it is possible to reduce the transmission cost, eliminate redundant network traffic, clear up congestion, and boost network efficiency. Blockchain over-Named Data Network (NDN) provides several advantages and addresses specific data networking needs. Here are some of the reasons why blockchain is seen as useful in conjunction with data networking [5, 6, 9, 11–30]: Enhanced Security: Blockchain provides a decentralized, tamper-resistant framework to secure data transactions and data distribution. Integrating blockchain into NDN strengthens data integrity and authentication reducing the risk of unauthorized access and manipulation. Data Ownership and Control: Blockchain’s smart contracts allow for fine-grained data ownership and control. In NDN, where data is accessed based on the name, blockchain can help to secure and transparently manage data ownership, enabling content creators to take control of their intellectual property. Trust and Transparency: Blockchain’s distributed ledger provides an unalterable record of data exchanges and transactions. Integration into NDN increases trust and transparency by allowing for verifiable, auditable, and transparent delivery and sharing of data. This is especially important in supply chain management and decentralized applications, where participant trust is essential. Resilience and Data Availability: NDN’s in-network caching capability, combined with the blockchain’s decentralized nature, can improve the availability and resilience of data. Blockchain over NDN can utilize distributed storage and caching capabilities, ensuring that content remains available even during network disruption or failure. Better Consensus and Governance: Blockchain introduces consensus mechanisms allowing decentralized decision-making and governance. When integrated with NDN, blockchain can be used to implement consensus protocols to facilitate agreement on the content distribution policies, the allocation of network resources, and participation rules in the NDN ecosystem.  
   
  6 Open Research Challenges The review highlights the possible advantages and drawbacks of employing blockchain technology in the context of Named Data Networking (NDN), emphasizing the need for additional research into security and content caching issues as well as unsolved privacyrelated concerns [5, 25, 28]. It also highlights the need for real-time fairness among  
   
  Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review  
   
  377  
   
  network miners, emphasizing the unfairness that results when the miner nearest to the producer receives a newly created block earlier than other miners and the need to foster network miner dynamics [5, 6]. Performance Optimization: Future research should concentrate on creating effective consensus mechanisms and algorithms to integrate blockchain with NDN, to reduce overhead and maintain security guarantees by investigating solutions like sharing off-chain transactions, and optimized consensus protocols to improve scalability and transaction throughput. Privacy-Preserving Techniques: The highlighted text suggests that researching privacy-preserving methods in Blockchain over NDN can aid in creating mechanisms that safeguard data privacy while utilizing the blockchain’s transparency. These methods include zero-knowledge proofs, secure multi-party computation, and differential privacy. Interoperability and Standardization: Future research can concentrate on creating interoperability frameworks and standards to allow seamless integration with current network infrastructures and protocols as blockchain integration with NDN advances. This entails determining standardized data formats for blockchain-based NDN and looking into ways to connect various blockchain systems. Security and Trust Model Design: By establishing new cryptographic methods and consensus mechanisms, more research is required to produce secure and reliable models for integrating blockchain with NDN, solving issues such as secure content naming, identity management, and combating Sybil attacks. Real-World Use Cases and Applications: Future research should concentrate on identifying and examining real-world use cases and applications, such as IoT, content distribution networks, supply chain management, decentralized finance, and healthcare, where Blockchain over NDN can offer significant benefits to assess feasibility, performance, and impact.  
   
  7 Conclusion Blockchain technology is a new concept in NDN that is quickly gaining footing. Blockchain technology over IP still has several significant issues, such as a lack of hierarchical access efficiency. These issues have been resolved by adopting blockchain technology over NDN, which provides a decentralized system and streamlines the design. This article outlined the research examining the application of blockchain technology in NDN. Over NDN, we discussed some of the difficulties with blockchain technology. The investigation revealed that with an increased number of articles each year, blockchain technology in NDN is receiving increased attention. The survey report demonstrates that the search for Blockchain technology over NDN is still in its infancy, encouraging the NDN research community to devote serious attention to the issue. This study will clear the way for scholars interested in learning more about leveraging blockchain technology over NDN.  
   
  378  
   
  M. Alsamman et al.  
   
  References 1. Precedence Research. Blockchain Technology Market Size to Hit USD, 593.8 Bn By 2030 (2021). https://www.precedenceresearch.com/blockchain-technology-market. Accessed 25 Oct 2022 2. Zheng, Z., Xie, S., Dai, H., Chen, X., Wang, H.: An overview of blockchain technology: architecture, consensus, and future trends. In: 2017 IEEE International Congress on Big Data (BigData Congress), pp. 557–564 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1109/BigDataCongress.2017.85 3. Jacobson, V., et al.: Named Data Networking (NDN) Project 2012–2013 Annual Report (2013) 4. Askar, N., et al.: Forwarding strategies for named data networking based IOT: requirements, taxonomy, and open research challenges. IEEE Access (2023) 5. Asaf, K., Rehman, R.A., Kim, B.-S.: Blockchain technology in named data networks: a detailed survey. J. Netw. Comput. Appl. 171, 102840 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jnca. 102840 6. Shang, J., Huo, R., Wang, S., Huang, T.: An NDN-enabled differentiated routing strategy for blockchain. In: 2022 IEEE 2nd International Conference on Computer Communication and Artificial Intelligence (CCAI), pp. 96–101 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/CCAI55564.2022. 9807743 7. Abrar, A., Arif, A.S.C.M., Zaini, K.M.: A systematic analysis and review on producer mobility management in named data networks: research background and challenges. Alex. Eng. J. 69, 785–808 (2023) 8. Alsamman, M., Hassan, S., Arif, S.: Deficit weighted round robin shaping mechanism for transport control in named data networking. J. Adv. Res. Dyn. Control Syst. 11(8 Special Issue), 1115–1125 (2019) 9. Thai, Q.T., Ko, N., Byun, S.H., Kim, S.-M.: Design and implementation of NDN-based Ethereum blockchain. J. Netw. Comput. Appl. 200, 103329 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.jnca.2021.103329 10. Yi, D., Huo, R., Wang, S., Huang, T.: An NDN-enabled data transfer strategy for blockchain network layer. In: Journal of Physics: Conference Series, vol. 2026, no. 1, p. 012001 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1088/1742-6596/2026/1/012001 11. Liu, H., Zhu, R., Wang, J., Xu, W.: Blockchain-based key management and green routing scheme for vehicular named data networking. Secur. Commun. Netw. 2021, 1–13 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1155/2021/3717702 12. Li, B., Ma, M.: An advanced hierarchical identity-based security mechanism by blockchain in named data networking. J. Netw. Syst. Manag. 31(1), 13 (2023) 13. Shen, T., Cui, Z., Tian, S., Bai, F., Zhang, C.A.: Network-elastic scalable blockchain for privacy-preserving federated learning in cloud-edge collaboration industrial internet of things. In: Proceedings of the 2022 7th International Conference on Cloud Computing and Internet of Things, pp. 17–25 (2022) 14. Yu, T., et al.: CLedger: a secure distributed certificate ledger via named data network. IEEE ICC (2023) 15. Trestioreanu, L., Shbair, W.M., de Cristo, F.S., State, R.: XRP-NDN overlay: improving the communication efficiency of consensus-validation based blockchains with an NDN overlay. In: 2023 IEEE/IFIP Network Operations and Management Symposium, NOMS 2023, pp. 1–5. IEEE (2023). arXiv:2301.10209 16. He, Y., Ma, Y., Hu, Q., Zhou, Z., Xiao, K., Wang, C.: Lightweight transmission behavior audit scheme for NDN industrial internet identity resolution and transmission based on blockchain. Electronics 12(11), 2538 (2023)  
   
  Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review  
   
  379  
   
  17. Li, M., Xue, J., Wang, Y., Ma, R., Huo, W.: NACDA: naming-based access control and decentralized authorization for secure many-to-many data sharing. Electronics 12(7), 1651 (2023) 18. Benmoussa, A., Kerrache, C.A., Calafate, C.T., Lagraa, N.: NDN-BDA: a blockchain-based decentralized data authentication mechanism for vehicular named data networking. Future Internet 15(5), 167 (2023) 19. Komala, C.R., Dhanalakshmi, M., Gayathri, R., Aruna, R., GR, T.: VANET backbone in data networking and block-chain. J. Pharm. Negative Results 1539–1553 (2023) 20. Sabir, Z., Amine, A.: BIoVN: a novel blockchain-based system for securing internet of vehicles over NDN using bioinspired HoneyGuide. In: Maleh, Y., Tawalbeh, Lo.’ai, Motahhir, S., Hafid, A.S. (eds.) Advances in Blockchain Technology for Cyber Physical Systems. IT, pp. 177–192. Springer, Cham (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-93646-4_8 21. Wang, R., Njilla, L., Yu, S.: AC: an NDN-based blockchain network with erasure coding. In: 2023 International Conference on Computing, Networking and Communications (ICNC), pp. 591–595. IEEE (2023) 22. Khan, J.A., Ozbay, K.: AFFIRM: privacy-by-design blockchain for mobility data in Web3 using information centric fog networks with collaborative learning. In: 2023 International Conference on Computing, Networking and Communications (ICNC), pp. 456–462. IEEE (2023) 23. Sun, Y., Chen, S., Fang, Y., Xu, W., Luo, Q., Rui, L.: A trusted IoT communication architecture based on blockchain and named data network. In: Journal of Physics: Conference Series, vol. 2224, no. 1, p. 012091 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1088/1742-6596/2224/1/012091 24. Sultan, N.H., Varadharajan, V., Kumar, C., Camtepe, S., Nepal, S.: A secure access and accountability framework for provisioning services in named data networks. In: 2021 40th International Symposium on Reliable Distributed Systems (SRDS), Chicago, IL, USA, pp. 164–175 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/SRDS53918.2021.00025 25. Rosli, A., Hassan, S., Omar, M.H.: Data authentication mechanism using blockchain’s proofof-trust mechanism in named data networking. In: AIP Conference Proceedings, vol. 2608, no. 1. AIP Publishing (2023) 26. Zhao, H., Zhang, X., Li, R.: NFT-based access control in named data networks, pp. 139–146 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/ISPA-BDCloud-SocialCom-SustainCom57177.2022.00025 27. Kang, P., Wenzhong, Y., Ding, T.: Blockchain document forwarding and proof method based on NDN network. IEEE Access 10, 75312–75322 (2022) 28. Miglani, A., Kumar, N.: Blockchain-based co-operative caching for secure content delivery in CCN-enabled V2G networks. IEEE Trans. Veh. Technol. 72(4), 5274–5289 (2023). https:// doi.org/10.1109/TVT.2022.3227291 29. Park, C.-S., Park, W.S., Woo, S.: Security bootstrapping for securing data plane and control plane in named data networking. IEEE Trans. Netw. Serv. Manag. https://doi.org/10.1109/ TNSM.(2022).3232359 30. Magsi, A.H., Yovita, L.V., Ghulam, A., Muhammad, G., Ali, Z.: A content poisoning attack detection and prevention system in vehicular named data networking. Sustainability 15(14), 10931 (2023)  
   
  A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation: A Malaysian Perspective Syamsul Bahrin Zaibon1(B) , Asmidah Alwi1 , Ahmad Hisham Zainal Abidin1 Adzrool Idzwan Ismail1 , Nur Kareelawati Abd Karim2 , and Shamsul Arrieya Ariffin3  
   
  ,  
   
  1 Consortium on Creative Industry and Sustainable Culture, School of Creative Industry  
   
  Management and Performing Arts, Universiti Utara Malaysia, Sintok, 06010 Bukit Kayu Hitam, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Faculty of Leadership and Management, Universiti Sains Islam Malaysia, 71800 Nilai, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia 3 Faculty of Computing and Meta-Technology, Universiti Pendidikan Sultan Idris, Tanjong Malim, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. The Malaysian Dasar Industri Kreatif Negara (DIKN), or the Malaysian National Creative Industry Policies, was launched in 2010 and created a list of creative offerings broken down into three sectors: Creative Multimedia, Creative Cultural Arts, and Creative Cultural Heritage. Each of these sectors has its behaviors, problems and mechanisms and requires a tailored approach to its promotion. The policy’s main objective is to promote creativity, ensuring both economic and social benefits sustainably. It has now been ten years since DIKN was launched. Although it has generally shown a positive effect, the vibrancy of the creative economy is still less than satisfactory compared to other Asian countries such as Indonesia and Thailand. Until now, no comprehensive study has been conducted on the effectiveness and impact of DIKN on the country. Therefore, this article discusses the existing problems and compares the policies of different countries regarding the development of the creative industries sector. To achieve the study’s objectives, a three-stage approach was adopted, including a comparative analysis and synthesis of the literature on creative industries concepts and policies, a quantitative survey of 134 creative industries stakeholders in Malaysia on their views on the DIKN, and a generalization of the overall findings. Findings from this study show that there are big spaces for improvements in the current policy in line with new trends and technological advancements. The results of this study will be able to highlight the weaknesses of existing policies in Malaysia and suggest improvements in the scope of the field, as well as propose a strategic framework for the development of Malaysia’s creative industries sector. Keywords: Creative Industry Policy · Sustainable Nation · Gross Domestic Product  
   
  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 380–394, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9_29  
   
  A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation  
   
  381  
   
  1 Introduction The creative industry in Malaysia is one of the positive contributors to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP). Accordingly, the National Creative Industry Policy (DIKN) was launched in 2010 as the main policy to set the basic principle of development in driving the country’s creative activities to be more productive and economical. Three main scopes are classified: creative multimedia, cultural arts, and cultural heritage to meet the industry’s needs and support each scope’s development and progress. It has now been ten years since DIKN was launched. Although it has generally shown a positive effect, the vibrancy of the creative economy is still less than satisfactory compared to other Asian countries such as Indonesia and Thailand. Until now, no comprehensive study has been conducted on the effectiveness and impact of DIKN on the country. Furthermore, the scope of the creative industry needs to be updated according to the latest trends towards globalization and Industrial Revolution 4.0. Therefore, this article discusses the existing problems and compares the policies of several countries regarding the classification of the creative industry sector. The results of this study will be able to identify the weaknesses of existing policies in Malaysia and suggest improvements in the scope of the field, as well as in the future research to propose a strategic framework for creative industry. With this strategy, existing policies can be improved, becoming a specific guide for the government, practitioners, entrepreneurs, and entrepreneurs to produce higher quality creative content and gain a place in the local and international markets without neglecting the local cultural aspect. Today’s global development, especially in the era of Industrial Revolution 4.0, greatly impacts the creative industry’s and related fields’ development. This directly contributes greatly to social, economic, cultural, and technological development in all corners of the world, including Malaysia. This development is one of the drivers of global economic growth, especially involving developed and developing countries. For example, in the United States in 2015, the growth of the creative industry contributed as much as USD763.6 billion in addition to providing employment opportunities of 4.92 million, which contributed 4.2% of GDP [1]. The United States is also a big pioneer in developing this industry with the establishment of Hollywood, which produces films and famous actors that greatly impact the country’s income. Research highlights from [2] explain in South Korea is another example of creative industry development in Asia resulting from the Asian economic recession in 1997. South Korea has stopped all imports of entertainment materials from outside, especially from Japan. In addition, the South Korean Ministry of Culture has also launched several entertainment projects to strengthen local culture and produce new talents. This project involves nearly 300 higher education institutions throughout South Korea. It turns out that the results of this strategy have yielded high-impact results today. As a result of this innovative initiative, South Korea is now one of the most successful countries in producing creative industries in the world. Programs like K-POP, Running Man and many more have millions of fans all over the world. According to a report by the Korean Foundation, there are 35 million ‘Hallyu’ fans from 86 countries. Hallyu or Korean Wave is a term given to spread Korean pop culture (K-Pop and drama) globally and internationally.  
   
  382  
   
  S. B. Zaibon et al.  
   
  This phenomenon is at least enough to worry creative industry superpowers like the United States about the possibility of South Korea dethroning them as the world’s main cultural exporter in the future. The average analyst believes that the US Music Industry model built for the 20th century consumer with limited distribution channels, a hyperfocus on music and a strong reliance on copyright is no longer relevant to current and future global consumer trends [3]. In addition, the landscape of Korean Popular Culture, better known as K-Pop, focuses more on 21st-century strategies. The model of Korean pop music that we face today, for example, is the result of systematic planning that began two decades ago, considering the development of digital technology. They focus on the “industrialization” of music production, with hit warehouses and star production academies. Candidate artists are selected among those who are bilingual and can sing, dance, and act. The K-pop music industry is all about building “multimedia” stars for the global stage, with diverse income streams that are not overly dependent on copyright to earn royalties. K-Pop focuses on the consumer’s “multimedia” experience through TV channels that use Korean-made brands. The first appearance of a new artist is broadcast on TV along with a video and via YouTube. For entertainment companies, Korean culture is a commodity that can be exported and sold around the world. Therefore, as a country rich in culture with diverse races, Malaysia can make South Korea a case study for developing the country’s creative industry. Thus, a robust creative industry development strategy framework in Malaysia needs to be established to achieve the desire and vision to become a country that produces quality creative content from cultural value and creativity. It has now been ten years since DIKN was launched, although generally showing positive effects. However, the vibrancy of the creative economy is still less than satisfactory compared to other Asian countries such as Indonesia and Thailand. There are reports regarding the DIKN grant that failed to drive the creative industry [4]. Furthermore, the scope of the creative industry needs to be updated in accordance with the latest trends towards globalization and IR4.0 as recommended by the Minister of Communications and Multimedia [5] and recommendations from the Malaysian Television Producers Association (PPTM) to see the diversity of platforms new such as “digital movie”, “digital games” and so on [6]. Until now, there has been no comprehensive study on the effectiveness and impact of DIKN after ten years of being enacted. This study needs to be done for all sectors of the creative industry and related new sectors. Furthermore, Thomas Barker from the University of Nottingham Malaysia has also researched and emphasized the issue of non-creative creative industry policy [7]. He explained that despite the various funds and initiatives allocated by the government for the creative industry, these efforts are only for the short term without considering the investment of long-term methods to increase sustainability, expand the number of viewers and improve the quality of content. Management aspects in creative industry projects also need to be aligned with the latest technology, employee lifestyles, working patterns, flexible production management, financial management and so on in order to meet current trends that require fast and efficient production [8–10]. In addition, a study by [11] found that the creative content industry in Malaysia exists in a less encouraging ecosystem. Malaysia’s creative media content industry faces various challenges from the aspects of policy, value system, work  
   
  A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation  
   
  383  
   
  culture and human management. Indirectly, unsystematic human management has had a negative impact on the quality of published content. Media production focusing on the capitalist and post-liberal value system (neoliberalism) can damage Malaysian society’s aesthetic value and artistic heritage. The creative industry suffers from an imbalance between the initiative towards human development (in the creative industry) and the ambition to place Malaysia among the countries known as producers of quality content. The training provided by government and private agencies is more focused on developing skills related to media production, which is more technical. Aspects of human development and management are given less attention. Therefore, a framework that includes humanitarian elements, skills and content values is very relevant, especially in an era where the industry needs to prepare to face the era of Industrial Revolution 4.0 (IR 4.0) and Society 5.0 (Society 5.0) [12]. The development of Society 5.0 needs to go hand in hand with soft development in the creative industry and be more comprehensive to ensure a sustainable and balanced community environment.  
   
  2 Methodology A three-stage approach was designed to achieve the objectives of the study. The first stage involves the theoretical approach, which contains the logical and comparative analysis and synthesis of scientific literature on concepts of creative industry and the policies developed for some countries with a special interest in influencing the economic development of countries. Secondly, this study employed a quantitative survey of the creative industry stakeholders in Malaysia on their opinion on the National Policy of the Creative Industry. The data were analyzed using descriptive analysis. In the third stage, based on the obtained theoretical results and the results of statistical data analysis, the generalization and final results visualization were carried out. Findings of the analysis for the first stage are discussed in Sect. 3, where further discussion revolves around data related to the Malaysian GDP, the definition of creative industry terms, an introduction to DIKN, local content and Islamic culture in the creative industry, as well as an analysis of the latest technology applied to the creative industry. In addition, Sect. 4 presents a comparative analysis of the differences between 11 classifications of creative industry in a few countries. It was also referred to the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), European (EU) Commission, and United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO). In the second stage of this study, a survey was employed to the 134 respondents from the creative industry stakeholders in Malaysia on their opinion on the DIKN. Finally, the study is concluded and discussed.  
   
  3 Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation Malaysia is among the ten main contributing countries among developing countries that activate the creative industry and generate as much as RM11 billion for the national economy by providing as many as 86,000 job opportunities [13]. According to the UNCTAD report, in 2018, MSC Malaysia companies under this cluster recorded a sales value of  
   
  384  
   
  S. B. Zaibon et al.  
   
  RM7.69 billion with an export value of RM1.4 billion. In addition, this industry has provided 11,471 job opportunities [14]. The potential of the country’s creative industry can continue to be developed to a higher level. However, the DIKN launched in 2010 is still under-applied, and its development is relatively slow compared to neighboring countries such as Thailand and Indonesia. Many studies have also been done, such as a search on Google about the development of the creative industry in both countries. However, there is still little or no in-depth study on the impact of DIKN on this issue. The following graph shows the contributions of the creative industry to Malaysian GDP from 2010 to 2020 (see Fig. 1).  
   
  Fig. 1. Contribution of creative industry to GDP from 2010 to 2020 of Malaysia  
   
  3.1 Creative Industry Definition Various definitions of the activities included in the creative industry have been proposed. The use of the term creative industry varies between countries. Major organizations such as UNESCO define creative industry as industries that combine the creation, production and commercialization of intangible and cultural products. These creative products are usually protected by copyright in the form of goods or services [15]. There is a view that says the focus should be on creativity rather than culture. The United Kingdom government, for example, defines the creative industry as an industry that has its origins in the creativity, skills and talents of individuals and that has the potential for wealth and creating employment opportunities through the generation and exploitation of intellectual property [16]. Although the United Kingdom government pioneered the concept and use of creative industry terminology, the definition above cannot escape criticism and debate. This is because this definition seems to place all creative products with potential economic generation as part of the creative industry. Does creating engineering products that start from creative ideas and have economic value also count as part of the creative industry?  
   
  A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation  
   
  385  
   
  The Malaysian government outlines the definition of the creative industry in the context of Malaysia as he consolidation and production of individual or group abilities and talents based on creativity, innovation and technology that lead to a source of economic success and high income for the country by emphasizing the aspect of works and intellectual copyright in accordance with the culture and the pure values of racial diversity in Malaysia [17]. This definition clearly shows that the Malaysian government gives a balanced focus between creativity and culture. In addition, the aspect of indigenous knowledge (IK) is also emphasized. This exploration and application of IK is very important and useful in finding uniqueness in producing creative products that can attract the interest of international consumers and the global market [18]. 3.2 The National Creative Industry Policy (DIKN) in Malaysia In Malaysia, the DIKN was formulated as a policy to set the basic principles of creative industry development. This policy was established to explain the direction and development of the country’s creative industry and stimulate all creative activities to be more productive and economical through the synergy of the public and private sectors. Based on DIKN launched in 2010, the policy classification is divided into three main scopes of the creative industry: creative multimedia, cultural arts, and cultural heritage. • Creative Multimedia. Creative Multimedia “consists of industries that apply the latest technological advances in producing creative products” [17], for example, film and TV, advertising, art design, animation, and digital content. The opportunities for the Creative Multimedia industry are vast to explore the latest trends towards film, video game development on multiple platforms, animated content on television or film, and even the latest mobile applications for mobile internet devices. • Creative Art and Culture. Creative Art and Culture related to of producing artworks that are characteristic of Malaysian culture, music, performance art, visual art, crafts, creative writing, fashion, and textiles [17]. Among other things, the government has prepared the Palace of Culture, the National Gallery of Art and the National Craft Complex as an initiative to fuel these industries further. Apart from that, there is the City Hall, the City Theatre, and the Main Hall of the Malaysian Tourism Center, all located in Kuala Lumpur. In addition, various art and cultural activities are planned and organized, and most are concentrated around the Klang Valley only. • Creative Cultural Heritage. This scope includes museums, archives, restoration, and conservation of local cultural heritage. DIKN aims to provide a comprehensive creative industry development roadmap to achieve the following goals: • Make the creative industry a dynamic sector that can increase its Contribution to the country’s GDP and further contribute to a high-income economy; • Support the development of a competitive, viable and resilient creative industry at the domestic and international levels; • Provide facilities and infrastructure and improve a conducive environment to promote the growth of the local creative industry; • Drive the growth and recognition of intellectual property in the creative industry through training and accreditation programs;  
   
  386  
   
  S. B. Zaibon et al.  
   
  • Develop and utilize technology as a catalyst for creative industries and • Proliferate information sources and highlight the symbolism of local culture and national identity to the global level. The creative industry can generate the economy through financial returns generated from the industry’s activities. A growing creative industry could increase investment in related aspects and supporting industries. 3.3 Local and Islamic Cultural Content from a Malaysian Perspective Cultural heritage reflects a community’s life among people inherited from generation to generation. According to UNESCO, cultural heritage consists of customs, practices, places, objects and artistic expressions. It can be produced in tangible and intangible forms [19]. For example, cultural heritage in the category of oral tradition (oral tradition) such as ‘Awang Batil’ (Awang Batil is a storyteller concept that can only be found in the state of Perlis) needs to be preserved in a documentary format so that it can be understood easily and clearly and attract the interest of the audience, especially among the younger generation. Problems arise when there is a wide gap between the academic world and the creative industry, which is the main cause of failure to dignify Malay cultural heritage through documentary films. Many producers admit they lack time to research before publishing a documentary [20]. Scripts processed without being guided by research results will negatively affect the public’s understanding of the Malay and Islamic cultural heritage that the media is trying to convey. This situation is very worrying after the study of [20] found that almost half of the screenwriters in this country think the research process is unimportant. Screenwriters in this country are also found to be lacking in ideas and less creative, so much so that they are willing to take risks that can affect the quality and validity of a published documentary [21]. Therefore, documentaries based on research results are a suitable medium to educate the public about cultural heritage and human figures who are increasingly being forgotten, such as Awang Batil. It is the responsibility of scriptwriters, directors and producers of Muslim TV and films to produce media content with Islamic elements to spread good values through their works [11, 22]. Therefore, the effort to dignify cultural heritage is the responsibility of all parties, including the creative industry and policymakers. A comprehensive development strategy framework that includes working and religious life that applies good values in human management, education and content in the creative industry is very important. However, various local content can be produced through new guidelines for digital content, which also need to be established in parallel with IR4.0. 3.4 Technology Related to Creative Industry Various elements based on the adaptation of Industrial Revolution 4.0, such as coding (QR-Code), 3D model making, simulation, animation, virtual reality, and various interactive applications, have been used now through the digitization of creative design and product development activities, education, marketing, and creative content development that relevant to the current situation. Examples are as follows:  
   
  A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation  
   
  387  
   
  • Advertising. The form of advertising is now not only through print media, radio, electronics, and websites but also using virtual technologies such as virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR); for example, [23] uses advertising for housing and [24] discusses catalogs Ikea. • Online Creative Services. Now, various platforms are available for creative entrepreneurs to get jobs through “freelancer” services worldwide for graphic design and video editing, such as Freelancer.com and Upwork.com [25]. • Crafts. Craft-making activities are also adapted with the use of creative technology, such as using 3 3-dimensional printers. In addition, this product is marketed through digital technology as has been carried out by Kraftangan Malaysia on National Craft Day 2019, which is to provide a Digital Park where visitors experience digital experiences through activities such as Virtual Assistant, Augmented Reality (AR), Digital Craft Book, Virtual Shop (e-Commerce), Chatbot, QR-Code AR, Interactive Wall and Virtual Reality [26]. • Video, Film and Photography. Creative activities related to video production, film and photography services, and video and film distribution include script writing, film shooting, cinematography, and film exhibition. This field is growing with the birth of various forms of digital media and audio-visual technology; the latest example is a film based on virtual reality [27]. • Interactive Games. Creative activities related to creating, producing, and distributing computer and video games are entertainment, dexterity, and educational. For example, online games that are now increasingly popular and have been recognized as e-sports are PUBG and Mobile Legend. This eSport has become a career that brings good results [28]. • Music. Creative activities related to creating, producing, distributing and retailing sound recordings, recording copyrights, music promotion, lyricists, composers of songs or music, musical performances, singers, and musical compositions. This creative work is produced digitally easily and marketed digitally on various platforms such as Spotify for global markets [29]. • Performing Arts. Show productions, ballet shows, traditional dance, contemporary dance, drama, traditional music, theater music, opera, and lighting art promise a fun audience experience such as the use of LED screens and can give interactive performances. For example, Encore in Melaka uses various elements of the latest technology (Encore-Melaka.com). • Television and Radio. Creative activities related to the creation, production and packaging, broadcasting, and television and radio that combine high-resolution audiovisual quality (HD) with Internet technology such as IPTV supported by smart TV technology.  
   
  4 Classification of Creative Industry: Cross Country Comparison A comparative analysis was conducted to find differences between the classification of the creative industry in a few countries. It was also referred to by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), European (EU) Commission, and United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO). The countries include Malaysia, Thailand,  
   
  388  
   
  S. B. Zaibon et al.  
   
  Indonesia, South Korea, Taiwan, China, and the United States of America (USA). Table 1 shows the classification of the creative industry among these countries. The table indicates that different countries have different classifications and definitions of creative industry areas, which signifies the different calculation of GDP contributions for their economic indicators. Malaysia should revise its creative industry policy and include other areas that should be calculated for its GDP. Table 1. Classification of the creative industry in different countries Industries/Services  
   
  A  
   
  B  
   
  C  
   
  D  
   
  E  
   
  F  
   
  G  
   
  H  
   
  Advertising  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Architectural and related  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Design  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Fashion  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Film, video and sound  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Hardware  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Music  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Museum/gallery  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Print media  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Software  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Sport Performing arts  
   
  I  
   
  J  
   
  K  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  / /  
   
  / /  
   
  / /  
   
  /  
   
  / / /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Broadcasting/Production Video games  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Visual arts and related  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Handicraft  
   
  /  
   
  / /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Innovative and lifestyle  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Tourism  
   
  /  
   
  R&D  
   
  /  
   
  Cultural exhibition  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Publishing Independent artist  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Notes: A: WIPO, B: UNCTAD, C: EU Commission, D: UNESCO, E: Malaysia, F: Thailand, G: Indonesia, H: South Korea, I: Taiwan, J: China, K: United States of America  
   
  A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation  
   
  389  
   
  5 A Quantitative Survey of the Creative Industry Stakeholders in Malaysia A quantitative survey was employed to the creative industry stakeholders in Malaysia on their opinion on the National Policy of Creative Industry. An online questionnaire was designed to collect data, and a five-point Likert Scale from 1 (Strongly Disagree) to 5 (Strongly Agree) was used to measure the agreement level of the respondents. Using convenience sampling, which was distributed online via social media, a short messaging system, and messaging services, the survey received 134 responses from various sectors (Table 2), education levels (Table 3) and monthly income (Table 4). Table 2. Frequency distribution of respondent’s employment sectors. Sector  
   
  Frequency  
   
  Percentage  
   
  Government  
   
  63  
   
  47  
   
  Self-employed  
   
  25  
   
  18.7  
   
  Private  
   
  19  
   
  14.2  
   
  Statutory body  
   
  12  
   
  9  
   
  Government-linked Agency Others Total  
   
  2  
   
  1.5  
   
  13  
   
  9.7  
   
  134  
   
  100  
   
  Table 3. Frequency distribution of respondent’s education levels. Education Level  
   
  Frequency  
   
  Percentage  
   
  Undergraduate  
   
  55  
   
  41  
   
  Postgraduate  
   
  20  
   
  14.9  
   
  Diploma  
   
  20  
   
  14.9  
   
  Certificate of Malaysian Education (SPM)  
   
  20  
   
  14.9  
   
  Ph.D  
   
  2  
   
  1.5  
   
  Lower secondary Assessment (SRP/PMR)  
   
  1  
   
  0.7  
   
  Others Total  
   
  7  
   
  5.2  
   
  134  
   
  100  
   
  The results of the respondent profiles indicate their demographics. The frequency distribution of respondent’s employment sectors presented in Table 2 shows that the majority (63 out of 134, 47%) of the respondents were from Government sectors, followed by self-employed, 25 (18.7%). In terms of educational level, Table 3 presents the frequency distribution of the respondent’s educational background. The analysis  
   
  390  
   
  S. B. Zaibon et al.  
   
  describes that 55 (41%) respondents were Undergraduate; 20 (14.9%) each were Postgraduate, Diploma and SPM. In addition, Table 4 shows that a majority (46.3%) of the respondents belonged to the monthly income group, RM2,500-RM5,000; 32 (23.9%) were from the monthly income group, RM5,000-RM10,000; 23 (17.2%) were from monthly income group RM1,000-RM2,500; and 7 (5.2%) were more than RM10,000. Table 4. Frequency distribution of respondent’s monthly income. Monthly Income  
   
  Frequency  
   
  Percentage  
   
  Less than RM1,000  
   
  10  
   
  7.5  
   
  From RM1,000 to RM2,500  
   
  23  
   
  17.2  
   
  From RM2,500 to RM5,000  
   
  62  
   
  46.3  
   
  From RM5,000 to RM10,000  
   
  32  
   
  23.9  
   
  7  
   
  5.2  
   
  134  
   
  100  
   
  More than RM10,000 Total  
   
  5.1 Opinions on the Malaysian National Policy of Creative Industry This section presents the descriptive analysis of the survey. Figure 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and Fig. 7 and Table 5 show the survey results on the respondent’s agreement on the Malaysian National Policy of Creative Industry. When they were asked about their understanding of the policy (see Fig. 2), the majority agreed that they understood the policy (mean 3.53, SD 1.09). However, in Fig. 3, they just reflected neutral opinions on referring to the policy to help them understand the scope of their work in the creative industry (mean 3.33, SD 1.12). The results also show that respondents gave the opinion that the policy is still relevant today (mean 3.61, SD 1.06) (see Fig. 4), created a conducive environment by developing institutions, infrastructure and financial support (incentives/funds/investments) with mean 3.63, SD 0.99 (see Fig. 5), provided facilities, infrastructure and has improved a conducive environment to encourage the growth of the local creative industry (mean 3.62, SD 0.89) (see Fig. 6). In addition, the respondents satisfied with increasing in the diversity of assets provided for the creative industry in Malaysia (mean 3.52, SD 0.95) (see Fig. 7). In summary, based on the findings, the impact of the policy is not highly achieved for the economic growth of the country, and some improvements need to be implemented.  
   
  A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation  
   
  391  
   
  Table 5. Respondent’s agreement on the Malaysian National Policy of Creative Industry. No  
   
  Questions  
   
  Mean  
   
  SD  
   
  Result  
   
  1  
   
  I understand the National Creative Industry Policy (DIKN)  
   
  3.53  
   
  1.09  
   
  Agree  
   
  2  
   
  I referred to the National Creative Industries Policy (DIKN) to help me understand the scope of work  
   
  3.33  
   
  1.12  
   
  Neutral  
   
  3  
   
  DIKN is still relevant today  
   
  3.61  
   
  1.06  
   
  Agree  
   
  4  
   
  DIKN created a conducive environment by developing institutions, infrastructure, and financial support (incentives/funds/investments)  
   
  3.63  
   
  0.99  
   
  Agree  
   
  5  
   
  DIKN provides facilities, and infrastructure 3.62 and has improved a conducive environment to encourage the growth of the local creative industry  
   
  0.89  
   
  Agree  
   
  6  
   
  The increase in the diversity of assets provided for the creative industry in this country is very satisfactory  
   
  0.95  
   
  Agree  
   
  Fig. 2. I understand the National Creative Industry Policy (DIKN).  
   
  3.52  
   
  Fig. 3. I refer to the National Creative Industries Policy (DIKN) to help me understand the scope of work.  
   
  392  
   
  S. B. Zaibon et al.  
   
  Fig. 4. DIKN is still relevant today.  
   
  Fig. 6. DIKN provides facilities and infrastructure and improves a conducive environment to encourage the growth of the local creative industry.  
   
  Fig. 5. DIKN created a conducive environment by developing institutions, infrastructure and financial support (incentives/funds/investments).  
   
  Fig. 7. The increase in the diversity of assets provided for the creative industry in this country is very satisfactory.  
   
  6 Conclusion This study discusses the existing problems and compares the policies of several countries regarding the development of the creative industry sector. The results of this study will be able to identify the weaknesses of existing policies in Malaysia and suggest improvements in the scope of the field and propose a strategic framework to develop the country’s creative industry sector. The survey results indicate that the policy has an average impact on the country’s economic growth, and some improvements need to be implemented. The creative industry development can also increase and strengthen existing companies while opening space and career opportunities and further reducing the unemployment rate in Malaysia. Emphasis on the creative industry can help increase these industry players’ number and level of expertise. Solid government and private support and a conducive environment can attract creative experts from outside to contribute their skills in this country. The creative industry offers more opportunities and job options regardless of background and educational level. In conclusion, the findings from the three-stage approach relating to the creative industry policy and the survey indicate that some improvements are needed to the current policy in comparison with similar policies in other countries.  
   
  A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation  
   
  393  
   
  Acknowledgement. This research was supported by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) of Malaysia through Consortium Research Excellence (KKP) Grant JP(BPKI)1000/016/018/25(63) under the Consortium on Creative Industry & Culture (CCIC), KKP.  
   
  References 1. ACPSA: Arts and culture grow for fourth straight year (2018). https://www.bea.gov/newsre leases/general/acpsa/2018/acpsa0318.htm 2. Ramsey, A.M.: Internasionalisasi budaya industri kreatif: studi komparasi cool Japan dan korean wave (Doctoral dissertation, Universitas Airlangga) (2018) 3. Throsby, D.: Cultural capital and sustainability concepts in the economics of cultural heritage. In: Economics of Cultural Heritage, pp. 101–117. Getty Conservation Institute (2002) 4. Harian, B.: Geran DIKN gagal pacu industri kreatif (2018). https://www.bharian.com.my/ber ita/nasional/2018/08/458672/geran-dikn-gagal-pacu-industri-kreatif 5. Bernama: Dasar industri kreatif negara perlu ditambah baik: Saifuddin (2020). https://www. bernama.com/bm/am/news.php?id=1845196 6. Abdul Rahman, R.: PTVM gesa kerajaan tambah baik dasar industri kreatif negara (2020). https://www.hmetro.com.my/rap/2020/05/584303/ptvm-gesa-kerajaan-tambah-baikdasar-industri-kreatif-negara 7. Barker, T.: Dasar industri kreatif yang tidak kreatif (2020). https://www.projekmm.com/news/ pendapat/2020/06/09/dasar-industri-kreatif-yang-tidak-kreatif-thomas-barker/1873809 8. Petrovi´c, D., Mili´cevi´c, V., Sofronijevi´c, A.: Application of project management in creative industry. Eur. Project Manag. J. Udruženje za upravljanje projektima Srbije 7(2), 59–66 (2017) 9. Maloney, N.: Understanding employability in the creative industries. In: Education for Employability, vol. 2, pp. 203–214. Brill Sense (2019) 10. Keinonen, A.: Managing for creativity and profit in creative industries: a case study in music industry (2020) 11. Sarji, A., Abdul Karim, N.K.: Kajian filem arahan pengarah muda sebagai saluran dakwah di malaysia. Representasi islam dalam media. Nilai: Universiti Sains Islam Malaysia (2011) 12. Ramdani, D., Hidayat, D.N., Sumarna, A., Santika, I.: Ideal character of Muslim generation of industrial revolution era 4.0 and society 5.0. Jurnal Iqra’: Kajian Ilmu Pendidikan 5(1), 171–182 (2020) 13. Negara, N.: Kepentingan industri kreatif pada negara (2019). http://www.nadinegara.com/ uncategorized/kepentingan-industri-kreatif-pada-negara/ 14. UNCTAD: Creative economy outlook: trends in international trade in creative industries (2019). https://unctad.org/en/pages/publications/Creative-Economy-Report-(Series).aspx 15. UNCTAD: Creative economy outlook: trends in international trade in creative industries (2010). https://unctad.org/en/pages/publications/Creative-Economy-Report-(Series).aspx 16. DCMS: Creative industries mapping document 1998 (2001). http://www.culture.gov.uk/ref erence_library/publications/4632.aspx 17. Kementerian Penerangan Komunikasi dan Kebudayaan (KPKK): Dasar industri kreatif negara (2010) 18. Shaari, N.: Indigenous knowledge creativity in batik cultural product based on Kansei. In: International Conference on Social Sciences and Humanities (ICSSH 2015), pp. 56–60. (2015). https://doi.org/10.15242/ICEHM.ED0515056 19. Ismail, N., Masron, T., Ahmad, A.: Cultural heritage tourism in Malaysia: issues and challenges. In: SHS Web of Conferences, pp. 01059-p.1–01059-p.8 (2014). https://doi.org/10. 1051/shsconf/20141201059  
   
  394  
   
  S. B. Zaibon et al.  
   
  20. Sarji, A., Ibrahim, F., Ramlee, S.: Industri dokumentari di Malaysia: Isu dan hala tuju. FINAS, Selangor (2009) 21. Ghazali, N., Md. Zain, A., Abdul Rahman, M.N.: Filem dokumentari jejak rasul pencetus inkuiri masyarakat malaysia dalam memahami sejarah Islam. Jurnal Sultan Alauddin Sulaiman Shah, Special Issue 2289–8042 (2018) 22. Sarji, A.: Perfileman dan kesannya terhadap masyarakat: Ke arah pengekalan dan penyuburan nilai-nilai murni masyarakat Malaysia. Jurnal Komunikasi 19, 1–21 (2003) 23. Wirawan, R.: Aplikasi virtual iklan perumahan dengan sistem augmented reality. ILKOM Jurnal Ilmiah 10(1), 11–16 (2018) 24. Ozturkcan, S.: Service innovation: using augmented reality in the IKEA Place app. J. Inf. Technol. Teach. Cases 11(1), 8–13 (2020) 25. Roy, G., Shrivastava, A.K.: Future of gig economy: opportunities and challenges. IMI Konnect 9(1), 14–27 (2020) 26. Metro, H.: Evolusi Teknologi Kraf (2019). https://www.hmetro.com.my/dekotaman/2019/02/ 426238/evolusi-teknologi-kraf-metrotv 27. Du, N., Yu, C.: Application and research of VR virtual technology in film and television art. In: 2020 International Conference on Computers, Information Processing and Advanced Education, pp. 108–114 (2020) 28. Bányai, F., Zsila, Á., Griffiths, M.D., Demetrovics, Z., Király, O.: Career as a professional gamer: gaming motives as predictors of career plans to become a professional esport player. Front. Psychol. 11, 1866 (2020) 29. Al-Beitawi, Z., Salehan, M., Zhang, S.: What makes a song trend? Cluster analysis of musical attributes for spotify top trending songs. J. Mark. Dev. Competitiveness 14(3), 79–91 (2020)  
   
  Author Index  
   
  A Abd Karim, Nur Kareelawati I-380 Abd Wahab, Alawiyah I-287 Abdullah, Karrar Ali II-268 Abdullah, Nasir I-260 Abdullah, Noor Rafhati Adyani II-43 Abdullah, Wan Aida Nadia Wan II-336 Abdullahi, Husein Osman II-309 Abdul-Rahman, Shuzlina II-296 Abrar, Ahmad I-330, I-343 Abuzaraida, Mustafa Ali I-137 Ahmad, Farzana Kabir I-125, I-168, II-231 Ahmad, Mazida II-15, II-282 Ahmad, Rahayu I-182, II-180 Aji, Zahurin Mat II-30, II-231 Akbar, Rehan I-80 Al Galib, Asadullah I-17 Alam, R. G. Guntur I-3 Al-Hamzi, Yaser Mohammed II-56 Ali Shah, Zuraini II-110 Ali, Adnan Hussein I-125 Alkubaisi, Ghaith Abdulsattar A. Jabbar I-248 Al-Kumaim, Nabil Hasan II-15 Al-Mashhadani, Abdulrazak F. Shahatha I-154 Al-Qaisi, Laila I-235 AlSamman, Mohammed I-343 Alsamman, Mohammed I-367 Al-Ubaidi, Dalia A. II-81 Alwi, Asmidah I-380 Ani, Zhamri Che I-355 Anuardi, Muhammad Nur Adilin bin Mohamad II-139 Arif, Ahmad Suki Che Mohamed I-343 Ariffin, Shamsul Arrieya I-380 Askri, Soumaya II-324 Awang, Hapini I-154, I-193, I-301, II-95 Azir, Ku Nurul Fazira binti Ku I-221 Aziz, Azizi Ab II-217 Aziz, Maslina Abdul II-296  
   
  Aziz, Mochamad Azkal Azkiya I-58 Azman, Wan Nur Fadhlina Syamimi Wan I-221 Azmi, Nur Farah Amalina II-123 Azmi, Nur Syafiqah I-193 B Badroddin, Salwati II-180 Baharom, Fauziah II-180 Bakar, Juhaida Abu I-193, II-95, II-180 Bakar, Nur Syafiqah Abu I-193 Ba-Quttayyan, Bakr I-315 Bazel, Mahmood A. II-15 Benlahcene, Abderrahmane I-154 Budianto, Heru II-336 C Che Mohamed Arif, Ahmad Suki I-330 ChePa, Noraziah II-217 Chit, Suwannit Chareen II-190, II-204 Chzhan, Ekaterina I-30 D Desa, Mohamad Adli  
   
  II-282  
   
  E Eleyan, Derar II-154 Elisa, Edi II-204 Embong, Zunaina II-95 F Farooq, Muhammad I-70 Fazea, Yousef I-367 G Gernal, Liza II-324 Ghani, Nor Farzana Abd II-244 Ghazali, Masitah II-110 Ghazali, Osman I-70, I-154, II-180 Gilal, Abdul Rehman I-80  
   
  © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2001, pp. 395–397, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9589-9  
   
  396  
   
  Gilani, Sayed Abdul Majid Gordon, Neil II-258 Guntoro, Guntoro I-96  
   
  Author Index  
   
  II-324  
   
  H Habberrih, Abdullah I-137 Hamid, Zauridah Abdul I-355 Haroon-Sulyman, Shakirat Oluwatosin I-168 Harun, Nor Hazlyna I-193, II-95 Haruna, Isyaku Uba I-154 Hasan, Zuhairah II-296 Hashmani, Manzoor Ahmed I-260 Hassan, Mohamad Ghozali II-258 Hassan, Suhaidi I-44, I-235, I-367 Hj. Ibrahim, Huda I-287 Husni, Husniza I-248, II-69, II-123 I Ibrahim, Farah Lia I-125 Ibrahim, Huda I-3 Ishak, Wan Hussain Wan II-180, II-217 Ismail, Adzrool Idzwan I-380 Ismail, Mohd Azril II-258 Ismail, Nurulhuda I-182 Ismail, Suzilah II-180 J Jamaludin, Nur Hafiza II-168 Jambli, Mohamad Nazim I-58 Jasim, Mahdi II-81 K Kamaruddin, Siti Sakira I-125, I-168 Kamruddin, Siti Sakira I-248, II-231 Karas, Ismail Rakip I-3 Katuk, Norliza I-30, I-209, II-154, II-336 Khairuddin, Adam bin Mohd I-221 Khamis, Shakiroh I-154 Khatri, Tarwan Kumar I-260 Kit, Brandon Chua Choon II-244 Krishnan, Suren II-154 Kunhiraman, Raj Kumar II-154 Kurniadi, Erik II-336 L Lee, Hwee-Hsiung II-154 Li, Teh Soon II-139 Losada, David Enrique I-182  
   
  M Mahmod, Musyrifah II-268 Mahmud, Murni II-309 Mahmuddin, Massudi II-190 Maijama’a, Inusa Sani II-3 Malami, Sarkin Tudu Shehu I-301 Mansor, Nur Suhaili I-154, I-301 Marzal, Jefri II-204 Mataruna-Dos-Santos, Leonardo Jose II-324 Mater, Wasef II-15 Maulana, Hanhan I-301 Md Nasir, Norshakinah I-44 Mehedi, Md Humaion Kabir I-17 Mohamad Mohsin, Mohamad Farhan II-258 Mohammed, Fathey I-367, II-15 Mohd Pozi, Muhammad Syafiq I-108 Mohd Yunos, Zuriahati II-110 Mohd Zaini, Khuzairi I-44, I-330 Mohd, Haslina I-315, II-180 Muniandy, Asvinitha II-282 Mustakim, Nurul Ain II-296 N Nadzir, Maslinda Mohd I-154 Nasri, Nurul Ida Syaheera Mohd II-69 Ng, Wan En I-209 Nordin, Noradila I-44, I-108, II-231 O Omar, Mazni I-80, II-139 Omar, Mohd Hasbullah I-30, I-209, I-330, II-180 Omar, Mohd. Nizam Bin I-96 Othman, Nur Zuraifah Syazrah II-110 P Pozi, Muhammad Syafiq Mohd I-30, I-209 R Rahim, Lukman Ab. I-260 Rasel, Annajiat Alim I-17 Raziff, Abdul Rafiez Abdul I-209 Rehman, Mujeeb ur I-80 Rhythm, Ehsanur Rahman I-17 Riskhan, Basheer I-58 Romli, Rohaida II-168, II-180 Romo, Bilyaminu A. I-287 Ruhaiyem, Nur Intan Raihana I-274  
   
  Author Index  
   
  S Sadimon, Suriati II-110 Sahibuddin, Shamsul Bin II-56 Saip, Mohamed Ali II-69, II-123, II-180 Salleh, Khazainani II-258 Samah, Azurah A. II-81 SarkinTudu, Shehu M. I-287 Sarmani, Mimi Adilla II-258 Sergio, Rommel II-324 Shabli, Ahmad Hanis Mohd II-43, II-190, II-217 Shaffiei, Zatul Alwani II-110 Shahril, Mohd Azrul Edzwan I-193 Sharif, Kamal Imran Mohd II-258 Sharif, Nurul Atikah Mohd II-95 Sharimi, Nur Azmielia Muhammad I-193, II-95 Sinal, Mohamad Sabri bin II-139 Sinal, Mohamad Sabri II-336  
   
  T Taib, Hasmi I-260 Taiye, Mohammed Ahmed I-168, I-301 Tantry, Ansarullah II-324 Tey, Peck-Yong II-336  
   
  397  
   
  U Umana, Muhammad Khalifa II-258 Utomo, Pradita Eko Prasetyo II-204 W Wahab, Alawiyah Abd II-231 Wahab, Norazlina Abd II-336 Y Yaacob, Noorulsadiqin Azbiya II-43 Yaacob, Wan Mohd Yusoff Wan II-30 Yamin, Fadhilah Mat I-154 Yasin, Azman II-15 Yi, Laura Lim Sei II-217 Yusof, Yuhanis I-315, II-3, II-180 Z Zahari, Suhaili Mohd II-258 Zaibon, Syamsul Bahrin I-380 Zaimy, Nur A.’ fyfah II-154 Zainal Abidin, Ahmad Hisham I-380 Zakaria, Nur Haryani I-58, I-235, II-30 Zamberi, Zuriana I-274 Zhamri, Nur Nazifa I-355 Zolkafli, Amirulikhsan I-301 Zukri, Nurul Hidayah Ahmad I-343  

 Report "Computing and Informatics: 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023, Revised Selected Papers [1] 9819995884, 9789819995882"  
 ×    

 --- Select Reason ---  Pornographic  Defamatory  Illegal/Unlawful  Spam  Other Terms Of Service Violation  File a copyright complaint     

 Close  Submit    

    Contact information  
 Michael Browner   
   [email protected]    
   
   Address:   
 1918 St.Regis, Dorval, Quebec, H9P 1H6, Canada.   
   
 Support & Legal  
  O nas 
  Skontaktuj się z nami 
  Prawo autorskie 
  Polityka prywatności 
  Warunki 
  FAQs 
  Cookie Policy 
    
 Subscribe to our newsletter  
  Be the first to receive exclusive offers and the latest news on our products and services directly in your inbox.  
   Subscribe     

 Copyright © 2024 DOKUMEN.PUB. All rights reserved.        

 Unsere Partner sammeln Daten und verwenden Cookies zur Personalisierung und Messung von Anzeigen. Erfahren Sie, wie wir und unser Anzeigenpartner Google Daten sammeln und verwenden  .   Cookies zulassen

42. ER_2 conference:
Vol-3618   
  urn:nbn:de:0074-3618-8  Copyright © 2023 for the individual papers by the papers' authors. Copyright © 2023  for the volume as a collection by its editors. This volume and its papers are published under the Creative Commons License Attribution 4.0 International ( CC BY 4.0  )  . 

  ER-Companion 2023    
  ER Forum, 7th SCME, Project Exhibitions, Posters and Demos, and Doctoral Consortium   
  
  Companion Proceedings of the 42nd International Conference on Conceptual Modeling: ER Forum, 7th SCME, Project Exhibitions, Posters and Demos, and Doctoral Consortium   
  co-located with ER 2023   
   
 Lisbon, Portugal, November 06-09, 2023  .  
  
  Edited by   
  
 Claudenir M. Fonseca   *  
  José Borbinha   **  
  Giancarlo Guizzardi   *  
   
 * University of Twente  , The Netherlands  
  ** INESC-ID, IST, Universidade de Lisboa,  , Portugal  

  and for   ER Forum   
 David Aveiro   *  
  Sotirios Liaskos   **  
   
 * Universidade da Madeira  , Portugal  
  ** York University  , Canada  
   
   7th Symposium on Conceptual Modeling Education (SCME)   
 C. Maria Keet  *  
  Estefanía Serral   **  
  Fernanda Baião   ***  
   
 * University of Cape Town  , South Africa  
  ** KU Leuven  , Belgium  
  *** Pontifical Catholic University of Rio De Janeiro  , Brazil  
   
   Project Exhibitions   
 João Araújo   *  
  Tiago Prince Sales   **  
   
 * Universidade Nova de Lisboa  , Portugal  
  ** University of Twente  , The Netherlands  
   
   Posters and Demos   
 Miguel Mira da Silva   *  
  Sergio de Cesare   **  
   
 * INOV, IST, University of Lisbon  , Portugal  
  ** University of Westminster  , UK  
   
   Doctoral Consortium   
 H. Sofia Pinto   *  
  Ladjel Bellatreche   **  
  Simon Hacks   ***  
   
 * INESC-ID, IST, Universidade de Lisboa  , Portugal  
  ** LIAS/ISAE-ENSMA,  , France  
  *** Stockholm University  , Sweden  

  Table of Contents  
 Preface | Summary: This companion proceedings collects the works presented in 5 different tracks of ER 2024, amounting to | 68 | submissions and | 46 | accepted contributions. 
   
  ER Forum   
 Inclusive conceptual modeling: Diversity, equity, involvement, and belonging in conceptual modeling (short paper) | Roman Lukyanenko | , | Dominik Bork | , | Veda C. Storey | , | Jeffrey Parsons | , | Oscar Pastor 
  Towards a conceptual safety planning framework for human-robot collaboration | Fabian Schirmer | , | Philipp Kranz | , | Meenakshi Manjunath | , | Jeshwitha Jesus Raja | , | Chad G. Rose | , | Tobias Kaupp | , | Marian Daun 
  The journey of conceptual modeling: Paths from the past to present with trajectories for the future | Jacky Akoka | , | Isabelle Comyn-Wattiau | , | Nicolas Prat | , | Veda C. Storey 
  Multi-instance data behavior in BPMN | Maximilian König | , | Mathias Weske 
  Extending case models to capture organizational aspects and time | Anjo Seidel | , | Pierre Burghardt | , | Maximilian König | , | Mathias Weske 
  M2M mapping and transformation tool for labeled property graphs (short paper) | Pedro Guimarães | , | Ana León | , | Maribel Yasmina Santos 
  A goal-oriented method for FAIRification planning | César Bernabé | , | Tiago Prince Sales | , | Erik Schultes | , | Niek van Ulzen | , | Annika Jacobsen | , | Luiz Olavo Bonino da Silva Santos | , | Barend Mons | , | Marco Roos 
  A language for graph database evolution and its implementation in Neo4j | Dominique Hausler | , | Meike Klettke | , | Uta Störl 
  Data-centric goal modeling for knowledge-intensive processes | Anjo Seidel | , | Charlotte Balcke | , | Mathias Weske 
  Impact of read and write operations on NoSQL schema design: First insights (short paper) | André Conrad | , | Uta Störl 
  Conceptual model interpreter for Large Language Models | Felix Härer 
  A general domain model of distributed ledger technologies | Simon Curty | , | Hans-Georg Fill 
  Datish: A universal conceptual modeling language to model anything by anyone | Roman Lukyanenko | , | Binny M. Samuel | , | Jeffrey Parsons | , | Veda C. Storey | , | Oscar Pastor 
  Towards an augmented reality approach to build use-case diagrams | Ana Rita Rebelo | , | João Araújo | , | João Costa Seco | , | Rui Nóbrega 
  Ontological grounding of accounting frameworks | Blums Ivars | , | Hans Weigand 
  Stroke management: defining and assigning goals to stakeholders (short paper) | Anouck Chan | , | Thomas Polacsek 
  Enhancing compatibility in QoS communication for the Internet of Robotic Things | Flavio Corradini | , | Sara Pettinari | , | Barbara Re | , | Luca Ruschioni | , | Francesco Tiezzi 
  Assessing the value of incomplete deadlock verification in Model-Driven Engineering | Felix Cammaerts | , | Monique Snoeck 
  Parallel lives diagrams for co-evolving communities and their application to schema evolution | Fanis Giachos | , | Nikos Pantelidis | , | Christos Batsilas | , | Apostolos V. Zarras | , | Panos Vassiliadis 
  Exploring system behavior in a system ontology | Rodrigo F. Calhau | , | Tiago Prince Sales | , | João Paulo A. Almeida | , | Giancarlo Guizzardi 
  Using goal modeling for defining digital twins in industry automation | Jeshwitha Jesus Raja | , | Meenakshi Manjunath | , | Philipp Kranz | , | Fabian Schirmer | , | Marian Daun 
  Modeling information gathering for decisions in business processes | Rik Eshuis 
  Discovering high-quality process models despite data scarcity | Jan Niklas Adams | , | Jari Peeperkorn | , | Tobias Brockhoff | , | Isabelle Terrier | , | Heiko Göhner | , | Merih Seran Uysal | , | Seppe vanden Broucke | , | Jochen De Weerdt | , | Wil M.P. van der Aalst 
  A modeling approach for designing explainable Artificial Intelligence | Álvaro Navarro | , | Ana Lavalle | , | Alejandro Maté | , | Juan Trujillo 
  Toward a phishing attack ontology | Ítalo Oliveira | , | Rodrigo F. Calhau | , | Giancarlo Guizzardi 
  A model-driven machine learning approach to dynamic multi-workflow scheduling | Hui Ma | , | Sven Hartmann | , | Gang Chen | , | Yifan Yang 
  7th Symposium on Conceptual Modeling Education (SCME)   
 How teaching conceptual modeling to robotics students changes their perception of software engineering | Meenakshi Manjunath | , | Jeshwitha Jesus Raja | , | Marian Daun 
  Learning analytics tells: Know your basics and go to class | Elena Tiukhova | , | Charlotte Verbruggen | , | Bart Baesens | , | Monique Snoeck 
  Teaching conceptual modeling leveraging formative assessments and adaptive release paths | Pavani Vemuri | , | Stephan Poelmans | , | Estefania Serral | , | Monique Snoeck 
  Teaching knowledge graphs: A journey from logic to Web development and semantics-driven engineering | Robert Andrei Buchmann | , | Ana-Maria Ghiran 
  Project Exhibitions   
 Process factory: Ready-to-use business processes templates for a fast setup (short paper) | Miguel Agostinho | , | Carolina Marques | , | Filipe Correia | , | Pedro Sousa | , | Sergio Guerreiro 
  PAIRS - Privacy-aware, intelligent and resilient crisis management | Sabine Janzen | , | Agbodzea P. Ahiagble | , | Lotfy Abdel Khaliq | , | Natalie Gdanitz | , | Prajvi Saxena | , | Prathvish Mithare | , | Denys Skrytskyi | , | Wolfgang Maass 
  QUASIM: Quantum computing enhanced service ecosystem for simulation in manufacturing | Ankit Agrawal | , | Hannah Stein | , | Sascha Xu | , | Sabine Janzen | , | Wolfgang Maass 
  CoMoDID: Combining explainable artificial intelligence and conceptual modeling for data intensive-domains management (short paper) | Oscar Pastor | , | Diana Martínez Minguet | , | José Fabián Reyes Román | , | Alberto García S. | , | Ana Leon | , | Mireia Costa | , | Ferran Pla 
  A smart data holistic approach for context-aware data analytics (AETHER-UA) (short paper) | Ana Lavalle | , | Alejandro Maté | , | Juan Trujillo | , | Miguel A. Teruel | , | Alexander Sánchez Díaz 
  Posters and Demos   
 A family of natural language interfaces for databases based on ChatGPT and LangChain (short paper) | Eduardo Nascimento | , | Grettel Garcia | , | Wendy Victorio | , | Melissa Lemos | , | Yenier Izquierdo | , | Robinson Garcia | , | Luiz A. P. Paes Leme | , | Marco A. Casanova 
  Tool support for modeling and reasoning with decision theoretic goal models (short paper) | Sotirios Liaskos 
  Ontology patterns for function modeling with GFO (short paper) | Patryk Burek | , | Frank Loebe | , | Heinrich Herre 
  Decoding resilience: A graph-based approach for organizational resilience assessment (short paper) | Sabine Janzen | , | Amin Harig | , | Natalie Gdanitz | , | Hannah Stein | , | Nurten Öksüz-Köster | , | Wolfgang Maass 
  Towards augmented reality applications for it maintenance tasks based on ArchiMate models (short paper) | Sophie Crevoiserat | , | Fabian Muff | , | Hans-Georg Fill 
  KAOS Modeling Editor: A tool for semi-automated goal modeling (short paper) | Keitaro Watanabe | , | Hiroyuki Nakagawa | , | Tatsuhiro Tsuchiya 
  Towards model-driven generation of secure workflow designs using patterns (short paper) | Sotirios Liaskos | , | Ibrahim Jaouhar | , | Shakil M. Khan 
  Doctoral Consortium   
 A framework for data specification modeling in complex domains | Štěpán Stenchlák 
  Dealing with the evolution of event-based choreographies of BPMN fragments | Jesús Ortiz 
  Privacy-compliant software reuse: A framework for considering privacy compliance in software reuse scenarios | Jenny Guber 
  Strategy practices to respond to organizational challenges with the lens of strategic design and strategy-as-practice | Paulo Torquato 
    
  2023-12-20: submitted by Claudenir M. Fonseca metadata incl. bibliographic data published under Creative Commons CC0   
  2024-01-15  : published on CEUR Workshop Proceedings (CEUR-WS.org, ISSN 1613-0073) | valid HTML5  |

43. ICCE_2 conference:
Close    
   
 Skip to content  November 25, 2024    
   
 Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Youtube 
  Mastodon 

 The Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education   

   Connect with Us    
   
 Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Youtube 
  Mastodon 

 Primary Menu     About Us | About APSCE 
  President’s Message 
  Constitution and Guidelines 
  Executive Committee 
  Subcommittees 
  Former Presidents 
  APSCE Fellows 
  Affiliates 
  Contact Us 
  Personal Data Release Form 
  Privacy Policy 
  Members/Studens Support | Overview of Membership 
  Membership management 
  Register for Membership 
  Mailing List 
  Student Wing 
  Merit Scholarship 
  Conferences | ICCE 2023 
  Brief History 
  Past Conferences 
  Past Proceedings 
  Previous Keynote & Invited Speakers 
  Conference Regulations, Processes and Guidelines 
  Journal | About RPTEL 
  RPTEL Editorial Board 
  RPTEL Call for Papers 
  RPTEL Published Papers 
  Special Interest Groups 
  Webinars | APSCE Webinar Series 
  Webinar Survey 
  Awards | Award Nomination Form 
  APSCE Distinguished Researcher Award 
  APSCE Early Career Researcher Award 
  APSCE Award Winners 
  Login 
  Register 

   Search for:        

   Home 
  Conference 
  ICCE 

 ICCE  
  
 Call for papers for ICCE2023   2 min read    
 Conference 
  ICCE 
  News 

 Call for papers for ICCE2023   
   
  Pham Tho    May 1, 2023     
 The 31st International Conference on Computers in Education December 4-8, 2023 Matsue, Shimane, JAPAN https://icce2023.apsce.net The submission... Read More    

 Call for Proposals “Showcase of Advancements in Technology-Enhanced Learning in Underrepresented Countries” (SATELUC)   3 min read    
 Conference 
  ICCE 
  News 

 Call for Proposals “Showcase of Advancements in Technology-Enhanced Learning in Underrepresented Countries” (SATELUC)   
   
  Pham Tho    April 24, 2023     
 Call for Proposals “Showcase of Advancements in Technology-Enhanced Learning in Underrepresented Countries” (SATELUC) 31st International Conference on Computers... Read More    

 Call for papers for ICCE2023   2 min read    
 Conference 
  ICCE 
  News 

 Call for papers for ICCE2023   
   
  Pham Tho    April 23, 2023     
 The 31st International Conference on Computers in Education December 4-8, 2023 Matsue, Shimane, JAPAN https://icce2023.apsce.net Paper Submission Due:... Read More    

 Open invitations to APSCE Special Interest Group Community Building Sessions (virtual or hybrid) during ICCE’22   2 min read    
 ICCE 
  ICCE2022 
  News 
  Special Interest Group 

 Open invitations to APSCE Special Interest Group Community Building Sessions (virtual or hybrid) during ICCE’22   
   
  Pham Tho    November 21, 2022     
 Dear Scholars and Graduate Students, Six out of the eleven Special Interest Groups (SIGs) (https://new.apsce.net/sig/) set up... Read More    

 ICCE 2023 Keynote Selection   2 min read    
 Conference 
  ICCE 
  News 

 ICCE 2023 Keynote Selection   
   
  Pham Tho    August 21, 2022     
 Dear APSCE members and authors of ICCE 2022, We are in the process of selecting keynote speakers... Read More    

  Connect with Us    
   
 Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Youtube 
  Mastodon 

  Trending News    
   
 APSCE Webinar #42: Digital Transformation of Higher Education: Challenges and Insights   1    
 APSCE Webinar #42: Digital Transformation of Higher Education: Challenges and Insights   
   
  October 8, 2023     

 APSCE Fellows 2023: Call for Nominations (Due: 16 October 2023)   2    
 APSCE Fellows 2023: Call for Nominations (Due: 16 October 2023)   
   
  September 15, 2023     

 APSCE Webinar #41: Building In-Context Understanding of Learning Behaviors for Designing Game-Based Assessments   3    
 APSCE Webinar #41: Building In-Context Understanding of Learning Behaviors for Designing Game-Based Assessments   
   
  September 14, 2023     

 APSCE Award Winner of 2023   4    
 APSCE Award Winner of 2023   
   
  September 11, 2023     

 APSCE MERIT SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 2023   5    
 APSCE MERIT SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 2023   
   
  September 4, 2023     

 APSCE Webinar #40: Where now for ‘Smart’? Consequent questions and the co-production of knowledge   6    
 APSCE Webinar #40: Where now for ‘Smart’? Consequent questions and the co-production of knowledge   
   
  August 19, 2023     

 APSCE Webinar #39: Unlocking Potential: Leveraging Multimodal Learning Analytics for Collaborative Learning   7    
 APSCE Webinar #39: Unlocking Potential: Leveraging Multimodal Learning Analytics for Collaborative Learning   
   
  July 31, 2023     

  You may have missed    

 APSCE Webinar #42: Digital Transformation of Higher Education: Challenges and Insights   2 min read    
 News 
  S8 Development of Information and Communication Technology in the Asia-Pacific Neighborhood (DICTAP) 
  Webinar 

 APSCE Webinar #42: Digital Transformation of Higher Education: Challenges and Insights   
   
  October 8, 2023      

 APSCE Fellows 2023: Call for Nominations (Due: 16 October 2023)   1 min read    
 APSCE Fellows 
  News 

 APSCE Fellows 2023: Call for Nominations (Due: 16 October 2023)   
   
  September 15, 2023      

 APSCE Webinar #41: Building In-Context Understanding of Learning Behaviors for Designing Game-Based Assessments   2 min read    
 News 
  S5 Educational Gamification and Game-based Learning (EGG) 
  Webinar 

 APSCE Webinar #41: Building In-Context Understanding of Learning Behaviors for Designing Game-Based Assessments   
   
  September 14, 2023      

 APSCE Award Winner of 2023   2 min read    
 Award 
  News 

 APSCE Award Winner of 2023   
   
  September 11, 2023      

  About APSCE    
   
 The Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education (APSCE) was formed on 1 January 2004. It is an independent academic society whose broad objective is to promote the conduct and communication of scientific research related to all aspects of the use of computers in education, especially within the Asia-Pacific.  

  Tag Cloud    
 APSCE Fellows  Award  Conference  CTE-STEM  ICCE  ICCE2021  ICCE2022  ICCE2023  News  S1 Artificial Intelligence in Education/Intelligent Tutoring Systems/Adaptive Learning (AIED/ITS/AL)  S2 Computer-supported Collaborative Learning and Learning Sciences (CSCL&LS)  S3 Advanced Learning Technologies, Platforms and Infrastructure (ALT)  S4 Classroom, Ubiquitous and Mobile Technologies Enhanced Learning (CUMTEL)  S5 Educational Gamification and Game-based Learning (EGG)  S6 Technology Enhanced Language Learning (TELL)  S7 Practice-driven Research, Teacher Professional Development and Policy of ICT in Education (PTP)  S8 Development of Information and Communication Technology in the Asia-Pacific Neighborhood (DICTAP)  S9 Educational Use of Problems/Questions in Technology-Enhanced Learning (EUPQ)  S10 Learning Analytics and Educational Data Mining (LAEDM)  S11 Computational Thinking Education & STEM Education (CTE&STEM)  Scholarship  Special Interest Group  Technology-Enhanced Learning  Video Series  Webinar    

  Recent News    
 APSCE Webinar #42: Digital Transformation of Higher Education: Challenges and Insights 
  APSCE Fellows 2023: Call for Nominations (Due: 16 October 2023) 
  APSCE Webinar #41: Building In-Context Understanding of Learning Behaviors for Designing Game-Based Assessments 
  APSCE Award Winner of 2023 
  APSCE MERIT SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 2023 

 Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Youtube 
  Mastodon 

 Copyright © Asia-Pacific Society for Computers in Education. All rights reserved.   

 You are experiencing our old website. We moved to the new one at https://apsce.net/   
   
 Go    
 X

44. ICCE_3 conference:
JavaScript is not available.  
 We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.  
 Help Center   
 Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Imprint  Ads info  © 2024 X Corp.  

 Something went wrong, but don’t fret — let’s give it another shot.    
  
   Try again    
   Some privacy related extensions may cause issues on x.com. Please disable them and try again.

45. ICOCI_3 conference:
Anmelden 
  Registrierung 
  Deutsch  English 
  Español 
  Português 
  Français 

     Dom 
  Najlepsze kategorie | CAREER & MONEY 
  PERSONAL GROWTH 
  POLITICS & CURRENT AFFAIRS 
  SCIENCE & TECH 
  HEALTH & FITNESS 
  LIFESTYLE 
  ENTERTAINMENT 
  BIOGRAPHIES & HISTORY 
  FICTION 
  Najlepsze historie 
  Najlepsze historie 
  Dodaj historię 
  Moje historie 

 Home 
  Computing and Informatics: 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023, Revised Selected Papers, Part II ... in Computer and Information Science, 2002) 9819995914, 9789819995912 

 Computing and Informatics: 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023, Revised Selected Papers, Part II ... in Computer and Information Science, 2002) 9819995914, 9789819995912   
 This book constitutes the revised selected papers of the 9th International conference, ICOCI 2023, held in Kuala Lumpur,   
  158    39    30MB    
  English   Pages 373 [368]   Year 2024    
  Report DMCA / Copyright    
  DOWNLOAD FILE   
   
 Polecaj historie   

 Computing and Informatics: 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023, Revised Selected Papers [1] 9819995884, 9789819995882  
 This book constitutes the revised selected papers of the 9th International conference, ICOCI 2023, held in Kuala Lumpur,  
  398    62    38MB    Read more   

 Cognitive Systems and Information Processing: 8th International Conference, ICCSIP 2023, Luoyang, China, August 10–12, 2023, Revised Selected Papers, ... in Computer and Information Science) 9819980178, 9789819980178  
  
  132    22    Read more   

 Cognitive Systems and Information Processing: 8th International Conference, ICCSIP 2023, Luoyang, China, August 10–12, 2023, Revised Selected Papers, ... in Computer and Information Science) 9819980208, 9789819980208  
 The two-volume set CCIS 1918 and 1919 constitutes the refereed post-conference proceedings of the 8th International Conf  
  174    6    Read more   

 Computer and Communication Engineering: Third International Conference, CCCE 2023, Stockholm, Sweden, March 10–12, 2023, Revised Selected Papers (Communications in Computer and Information Science) 303135298X, 9783031352980  
 This book constitutes refereed proceedings of the Third International Conference on Computer and Communication Engineeri  
  149    20    19MB    Read more   

 Computing Science, Communication and Security: 4th International Conference, COMS2 2023, Mehsana, Gujarat, India, February 6–7, 2023, Revised Selected ... in Computer and Information Science) 3031405633, 9783031405631  
 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Computing Science, Communication a  
  138    31    Read more   

 Computer Supported Education: 15th International Conference, CSEDU 2023, Prague, Czech Republic, April 21–23, 2023, Revised Selected Papers (Communications in Computer and Information Science) 303153655X, 9783031536557  
 This book constitutes revised selected papers from the 15th International Conference on Computer Supported Education, CS  
  159    109    17MB    Read more   

 Computer Science and Education. Computer Science and Technology: 18th International Conference, ICCSE 2023, Sepang, Malaysia, December 1–7, 2023, ... in Computer and Information Science) 9819707293, 9789819707294  
 T​his three-volume set constitues selected papers presented at the 18th International Conference on Computer Science and  
  360    126    Read more   

 Mobile, Secure, and Programmable Networking: 9th International Conference, MSPN 2023, Paris, France, October 26–27, 2023, Revised Selected Papers (Lecture Notes in Computer Science) 303152425X, 9783031524257  
 This book constitutes the refereed post-proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Mobile, Secure, and Programma  
  143    84    Read more   

 Frontiers in Cyber Security: 6th International Conference, FCS 2023, Chengdu, China, August 21–23, 2023, Revised Selected Papers (Communications in Computer and Information Science) 981999330X, 9789819993307  
 This volume constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Frontiers in Cyber Security, FCS  
  123    68    Read more   

 Computer Science and Educational Informatization: 5th International Conference, CSEI 2023, Kunming, China, August 11–13, 2023, Revised Selected ... in Computer and Information Science) 9819994918, 9789819994915  
 These two volumes constitute the revised selected papers of the 5th International Conference, CSEI 2023, held in Kunming  
  167    25    26MB    Read more   

 Author / Uploaded 
  Nur Haryani Zakaria (editor) 
  Nur Suhaili Mansor (editor) 
  Husniza Husni (editor) 
  Fathey Mohammed (editor) 

 Table of contents :  
  Preface  
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
  Contents – Part II  
  Contents – Part I  
  Digital Healthcare and Well-Being  
  Air Quality Index Prediction Using Support Vector Regression Based on African Buffalo Optimization  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  2.1 Particulate Matter Prediction Models  
  2.2 Support Vector Regression  
  2.3 Optimized Support Vector Regression  
  2.4 African Buffalo Optimization  
  3 Materials and Methods  
  3.1 Dataset Description  
  3.2 Data Preparation  
  3.3 Optimized SVR-ABO  
  3.4 Experiment Setup  
  3.5 Evaluation Metrics  
  4 Results  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals: A Pilot Study  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Theoretical Foundation and Proposed Model  
  3 Research Methodology  
  3.1 Instrument Design  
  3.2 Validation  
  3.3 Pilot Study  
  4 Results and Discussion  
  4.1 Reliability of Constructs  
  4.2 Validity of Constructs  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity Towards Secure Intention Behavior in Online Game Addiction Among Adolescents  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Studies  
  2.1 Secure Intention Behavior in Information Security  
  2.2 Factors Contributing to Online Game Addiction  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Survey Instrument  
  3.2 The Measurement of the Severity of Online Game Addiction  
  3.3 Hypotheses  
  4 Results and Findings  
  4.1 Demographic Details  
  4.2 The Severity of Online Game Addiction  
  4.3 Hypotheses Testing  
  5 Discussion  
  6 Conclusion and Future Work  
  References  
  Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care for Mobile Virtual Consultation  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Methodology  
  4 Results  
  4.1 M-Thyroid Care Application Design  
  4.2 M-Thyroid Care Application Development  
  5 Discussion and Conclusion  
  References  
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets: Leveraging TensorFlow and Keras for Novel Results  
  1 Introduction  
  1.1 Motivation  
  1.2 Related Work  
  2 Problem Statement  
  3 Contribution  
  4 Methodology  
  4.1 Dataset and Justification  
  4.2 Data Pre-processing  
  5 Methods and Materials  
  5.1 Software Components  
  5.2 Hardware Components  
  6 Implementation of Experiments  
  6.1 Classify the Datasets into Two Classes  
  6.2 CNN Algorithm for Covid-19-Detection  
  7 Results  
  7.1 Training Loss and Validation Loss  
  7.2 Training Accuracy and Validation Accuracy  
  8 Evaluation  
  9 Discussion  
  10 Conclusion and Future Work  
  References  
  Eye-Tracking Usability Data of BacaDisleksia for an Informed Dyslexia-Friendly Design Decision  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Eye-Tracking for Dyslexia  
  2.1 Dyslexia  
  2.2 Eye Tracking and Usability  
  3 Methods  
  3.1 Participants  
  3.2 Tools and Settings  
  3.3 The Tasks  
  4 Results and Discussion  
  5 Design Decisions and Recommendation  
  6 Conclusion  
  References  
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model for Identifying ADHD Based on Integrating Brain Atlases  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Works  
  2.1 The Role of RSNs in Identifying ADHD  
  2.2 Pre-Defined Human Brain Atlases in ADHD Studies  
  2.3 ADHD-200 Dataset  
  3 Proposed Framework  
  3.1 Hexa-Net Framework: A New Modeling Framework to Conceptualize ADHD Brain Parcellation  
  3.2 Methods for Founding Hexa-Net Brain Reference  
  3.3 Generating the Hexa-Net Reference Based on Multi-source RSNs Fusion  
  4 Discussion  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy Fundus Image for Eye Care Facilities  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Image Processing  
  3.2 Retinal Fundus Image Dataset  
  3.3 Image Method Enhancement  
  3.4 Performance Evaluation  
  3.5 Design and Development  
  4 Result and Evaluation  
  5 Conclusion and Future Work  
  References  
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It via Mobile Application  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Experiment Design  
  2.1 System Description  
  2.2 Participants  
  2.3 Methods and Procedure  
  3 Results  
  3.1 General Performances  
  3.2 Behavioural Change Phases  
  4 Discussion  
  4.1 Adopting New Habit Through Persuasion  
  4.2 Making Application Still Relevant for Sustainability  
  4.3 Translating Conceptual Model to Tangible Design  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Works  
  3 Methodology  
  4 Findings  
  5 Discussion and Suggestion  
  6 Conclusion  
  References  
  Education Transformation Through Technology  
  University Student Dashboard: Enhancing Student Trend Analysis and Decision-Making Processes  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 The Proposed University Student Dashboard Model  
  4 Evaluation and Results  
  4.1 Evaluation Strategy  
  4.2 Results  
  5 Conclusion and Future Work  
  References  
  Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education: A Pilot Evaluation of a Malware Awareness Program for College Students  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Studies  
  2.1 Malware  
  2.2 Malware Prevention  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Study Design  
  3.2 Materials  
  3.3 Respondents  
  3.4 Procedure  
  4 Results and Discussions  
  4.1 Demographic Information  
  4.2 The Effectiveness of the Malware Awareness Program  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision in Intelligent Tutoring Systems  
  1 Background  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Methodology  
  4 Analysis and Result of Comparative Evaluation  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Unlocking the Potential of Enhancing User Experience in Portal GREaT: Cultivating Great Ideas Through Brainwriting Method  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Literature Review  
  2.1 A User-Centered Design and User Experience  
  2.2 Brainwriting and Its Benefits  
  3 Research Methodology  
  4 Discussion  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects Using Design Thinking Approach in Rural Schools in Kedah, Malaysia: A Smart Farming Project  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Background  
  2.1 STEM Education  
  2.2 Smart Farming  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Context Setting and Sample  
  3.2 Instrument  
  4 Results  
  5 Discussion  
  6 Conclusion  
  References  
  Enhancing Supervisor Response Time: An Exploration of the Social Representation Theory of Shame in ELISTA  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Background  
  2.1 Final Project Management Application  
  2.2 Social Representation Theory  
  2.3 Shame  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Pre-action  
  3.2 First Cycle  
  3.3 Second Cycle  
  3.4 Third Cycle  
  4 Results and Analysis  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Early Detection of School Disengagement Using MyBuddy Application  
  1 Introduction  
  2 School Dropout Prevention Strategies  
  3 Role of Mobile Applications in Education  
  3.1 Enhancing Student Engagement  
  3.2 Improving Academic Performance  
  3.3 Providing Support Services  
  4 Design and Development of MyBuddy  
  4.1 User Centric Design  
  4.2 Requirements Gathering  
  4.3 Development of MyBuddy Application  
  4.4 Evaluation of MyBuddy  
  5 Challenges of MyBuddy Implementation  
  5.1 Ethical Issue  
  5.2 Scaling, Monitoring, and System Integration  
  5.3 Communication  
  6 Future Directions  
  7 Conclusion  
  References  
  Digital Entrepreneurship and Innovation  
  E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution: A Preliminary Investigation Framework  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  2.1 Greenhouse Gas  
  2.2 E-commerce in Malaysia  
  2.3 Impact of Carbon Footprint of E-commerce  
  2.4 Method Employed to Construct Carbon Profile and Measure Carbon Footprint  
  3 The Preliminary Investigation Framework  
  3.1 Phase 1: Identifying Carbon Footprint Factors  
  3.2 Phase 2: Constructing Carbon Consumption Profile  
  3.3 Phase 3: Developing Carbon Contribution Measurement Method  
  4 Implementation Challenges and Impact  
  4.1 Implementation Challenges  
  4.2 The Impact of Implementation  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Problem Statement  
  3 Related Work  
  4 Methodology  
  5 Discussion  
  5.1 System Module  
  5.2 System Architecture  
  6 Results  
  7 Conclusion  
  References  
  Improving Rice Yield Prediction Accuracy Using Regression Models with Climate Data  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Methodology  
  3.1 Data Collection and Analysis  
  3.2 Data Preparation  
  3.3 Regression Modeling  
  4 Results  
  5 Conclusion and Future Work  
  References  
  The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women in E-Hailing Apps Adoption  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Literature Review  
  2.1 E-Hailing  
  2.2 Women Using E-Hailing  
  2.3 Trust  
  2.4 Risk  
  2.5 The Mechanics of Trust Model  
  2.6 Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT)  
  3 Research Design  
  3.1 Proposed Hypothesis  
  4 Data Analysis and Results  
  4.1 Measurement Model  
  4.2 Structural Model Assessment  
  5 Results and Discussion  
  5.1 The Influence of Women’s Trust in E-Hailing Applications on Their Intentions to Use the Applications  
  5.2 The Influence of Women’s Trust in Drivers on Their Intentions to Use E-Hailing Applications  
  5.3 The Risks Affecting the Trust of Women Who Use E-Hailing Applications  
  5.4 Implications of the Study  
  6 Conclusion  
  References  
  Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System for Managing Housing Application  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Background of the Housing Interview Management System  
  2.1 Tools for Housing Interview Management System Development  
  3 Methodology of the Study  
  3.1 Requirements  
  3.2 Quick Design  
  3.3 Build Prototype  
  3.4 User Evaluation  
  3.5 Refine Prototype  
  3.6 Implement and Maintain  
  4 Design and Development of the Housing Interview Management System  
  5 The Housing Interview Management System Development  
  6 The Evaluation and Result of the Housing Interview Management System  
  6.1 The Evaluation Setting  
  6.2 The Usability of the Housing Interview Management System  
  7 Conclusion and Future Work  
  References  
  A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchasing Behavior: Malaysian Consumer Perspective  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Related Work  
  3 Methodology  
  4 Results and Discussion  
  4.1 Respondent Background  
  4.2 Reliability Analysis  
  4.3 Descriptive Statistic  
  4.4 Correlation Analysis  
  4.5 Multiple Regression  
  5 Conclusion  
  References  
  The Effects of Perceived Usefulness and Perceived Ease of Use on Intention to Use ICT Services Among Agribusiness Practitioners in Somalia  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Literature Review  
  2.1 ICT in Agriculture  
  2.2 ICT Services in Agribusiness  
  3 Theoretical Framework and Hypotheses Formulation  
  3.1 Technology Acceptance Model (TAM)  
  3.2 Hypothesis  
  4 Research Methods  
  4.1 Instrument Design and Measurements  
  4.2 Data Analysis  
  4.3 Reliability  
  5 Results and Findings  
  5.1 Descriptive Analysis  
  5.2 Correlation Coefficients  
  5.3 Hypothesis Test  
  6 Discussions  
  7 Conclusion  
  References  
  Adoption of Machine Learning by Rural Farms: A Systematic Review  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Research Methodology  
  3 Systematic Literature Review  
  4 Discussion  
  5 Conclusion and Recommendations  
  References  
  Estate Planning Model for Sustaining Economic Values of Digital Assets  
  1 Introduction  
  2 Background and Related Studies  
  3 Methods  
  4 Results and Discussion  
  4.1 The Proposed Model  
  4.2 The Prototype of the Proposed Model  
  4.3 Evaluation  
  5 Conclusion and Future Works  
  References  
  Author Index   
 Citation preview   
  Nur Haryani Zakaria Nur Suhaili Mansor Husniza Husni Fathey Mohammed (Eds.)  
   
  Communications in Computer and Information Science  
   
  Computing and Informatics 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023 Revised Selected Papers, Part II  
   
  2002  
   
  Communications in Computer and Information Science Editorial Board Members Joaquim Filipe , Polytechnic Institute of Setúbal, Setúbal, Portugal Ashish Ghosh , Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata, India Raquel Oliveira Prates , Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG), Belo Horizonte, Brazil Lizhu Zhou, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China  
   
  2002  
   
  Rationale The CCIS series is devoted to the publication of proceedings of computer science conferences. Its aim is to efficiently disseminate original research results in informatics in printed and electronic form. While the focus is on publication of peer-reviewed full papers presenting mature work, inclusion of reviewed short papers reporting on work in progress is welcome, too. Besides globally relevant meetings with internationally representative program committees guaranteeing a strict peer-reviewing and paper selection process, conferences run by societies or of high regional or national relevance are also considered for publication. Topics The topical scope of CCIS spans the entire spectrum of informatics ranging from foundational topics in the theory of computing to information and communications science and technology and a broad variety of interdisciplinary application fields. Information for Volume Editors and Authors Publication in CCIS is free of charge. No royalties are paid, however, we offer registered conference participants temporary free access to the online version of the conference proceedings on SpringerLink (http://link.springer.com) by means of an http referrer from the conference website and/or a number of complimentary printed copies, as specified in the official acceptance email of the event. CCIS proceedings can be published in time for distribution at conferences or as postproceedings, and delivered in the form of printed books and/or electronically as USBs and/or e-content licenses for accessing proceedings at SpringerLink. Furthermore, CCIS proceedings are included in the CCIS electronic book series hosted in the SpringerLink digital library at http://link.springer.com/bookseries/7899. Conferences publishing in CCIS are allowed to use Online Conference Service (OCS) for managing the whole proceedings lifecycle (from submission and reviewing to preparing for publication) free of charge. Publication process The language of publication is exclusively English. Authors publishing in CCIS have to sign the Springer CCIS copyright transfer form, however, they are free to use their material published in CCIS for substantially changed, more elaborate subsequent publications elsewhere. For the preparation of the camera-ready papers/files, authors have to strictly adhere to the Springer CCIS Authors’ Instructions and are strongly encouraged to use the CCIS LaTeX style files or templates. Abstracting/Indexing CCIS is abstracted/indexed in DBLP, Google Scholar, EI-Compendex, Mathematical Reviews, SCImago, Scopus. CCIS volumes are also submitted for the inclusion in ISI Proceedings. How to start To start the evaluation of your proposal for inclusion in the CCIS series, please send an e-mail to [email protected]  .  
   
  Nur Haryani Zakaria · Nur Suhaili Mansor · Husniza Husni · Fathey Mohammed Editors  
   
  Computing and Informatics 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023 Revised Selected Papers, Part II  
   
  Editors Nur Haryani Zakaria Universiti Utara Malaysia Sintok, Malaysia  
   
  Nur Suhaili Mansor Universiti Utara Malaysia Sintok, Malaysia  
   
  Husniza Husni Universiti Utara Malaysia Sintok, Malaysia  
   
  Fathey Mohammed Sunway University Selangor, Malaysia  
   
  ISSN 1865-0929 ISSN 1865-0937 (electronic) Communications in Computer and Information Science ISBN 978-981-99-9591-2 ISBN 978-981-99-9592-9 (eBook) https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9 © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 This work is subject to copyright. All rights are reserved by the Publisher, whether the whole or part of the material is concerned, specifically the rights of translation, reprinting, reuse of illustrations, recitation, broadcasting, reproduction on microfilms or in any other physical way, and transmission or information storage and retrieval, electronic adaptation, computer software, or by similar or dissimilar methodology now known or hereafter developed. The use of general descriptive names, registered names, trademarks, service marks, etc. in this publication does not imply, even in the absence of a specific statement, that such names are exempt from the relevant protective laws and regulations and therefore free for general use. The publisher, the authors, and the editors are safe to assume that the advice and information in this book are believed to be true and accurate at the date of publication. Neither the publisher nor the authors or the editors give a warranty, expressed or implied, with respect to the material contained herein or for any errors or omissions that may have been made. The publisher remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations. This Springer imprint is published by the registered company Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. The registered company address is: 152 Beach Road, #21-01/04 Gateway East, Singapore 189721, Singapore Paper in this product is recyclable.  
   
  Preface  
   
  This year’s International Conference on Computing and Informatics (ICOCI 2023) conference proceedings, centered around the theme “Nurturing an inclusive digital society for a sustainable nation,” reflect the ever-evolving intersection of technology and society. The exploration of how we can harness digital innovation to foster sustainability, unity, and growth underscores our shared commitment to shaping a better digital landscape for our nations and the world. The dedication and enthusiasm demonstrated by contributors from various countries highlight the significance of the addressed topics. Congratulations and appreciation are extended to all authors and presenters for their valuable contributions to this intellectual discourse. As these proceedings find their place in our esteemed publication venues, they mark the continuation of the journey of knowledge dissemination. The enriched understanding and insights contained within these works pave the way for future research and innovations, contributing to a positive ripple effect that extends beyond the confines of this conference and into our societies. The sub-themes of this year’s conference proceedings are Digital Entrepreneurship and Innovation, Digital Healthcare and Well-Being, Digital Media and Information Literacy, Education Transformation through Technology, Ensuring Cybersecurity and Privacy, Harnessing Technology for Sustainable Development, and Navigating AI Development and Deployment. All these sub-themes serve as focal points for the exploration of diverse facets within the digital landscape. This comprehensive exploration reflects the global perspective embedded in our discussions, showcasing the collaborative effort of minds from various corners of the world. The rich diversity of ideas and experiences brought forward by our contributors enriches the depth of understanding in each sub-theme. We received a total of 134 paper submissions, a testament to the widespread interest and engagement in the topics under consideration. Through a rigorous double-blind review process, each paper was meticulously evaluated by at least 3 reviewers. Out of the submissions, 55 papers were selected for inclusion in these proceedings, representing the highest standards of academic rigor and relevance. We sincerely hope that the knowledge shared within the pages of these conference proceedings serves as a robust foundation for future advancements and positive change in our ever-evolving digital societies. May the insights contained herein inspire further exploration, innovation, and collaboration, leading us towards a more inclusive, sustainable, and digitally connected future. Warm regards, Nur Haryani Zakaria  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Patron Mohd. Foad Sakdan  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Advisor Osman Ghazali  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Conference Chair Norliza Katuk  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Vice-chair Nur Azzah Abu Bakar  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Treasurer Aniza Mohamed Din  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Secretary Alawiyah Abd Wahab  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Finance and Sponsorship Mazni Omar Norliza Katuk  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  viii  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Secretariat Alawiyah Abd Wahab Nur Azzah Abu Bakar  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Logistics and Accommodation Suwannit Chareen Chit Sop Chit  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Paperwork and Proceedings Nur Haryani Zakaria Husniza Husni Fathey Mohammed Nur Suhaili Mansor  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia Sunway University, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  Promotion and Publicity Syamsul Bahrin Zaibon Azizi Abas  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia  
   
  International Technical Committee Mario Jose Divan Koller Bakr Ahmed Taha Fateh Seghir Boubakeur Annane Adel Alti Shahzad Qaiser Safaet Hossain Yong Wu Lo Man Fung Sunil Kumar G. S. Pradeep Ghantasala Chetna Sanjoy Kumar Debnath Ankit Bansal  
   
  Intel, Argentina Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia University Ferhat Abbas Setif 1, Algeria University Ferhat Abbas Setif 1, Algeria University Ferhat Abbas Setif 1, Algeria Flextronics International (Flex), Austria City University, Bangladesh Institute of Applied Physics and Computational Mathematics, China University of Hong Kong, China Amity University, Noida, India Chitkara University, India Chitkara University, India Chitkara University, India Chitkara University, India  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Nazeer Unnisa Qurishi Ali M. Abdulshahed Pooja Gupta Prateek Agrawal Gulfam Ahamad Prashant Johri M. A. Ansari Swagata Dey Venkatesh Gauri Shankar Bali Devi Vikas Kamra Lalit Kumar R. Raja Subramanian Shrddha Sagar Vikram Kumar Susama Bagchi P. Sardar Maran Amit Kumar Mishra Ade Novia Maulana Apri Siswanto Abdullah Tito Sugiharto Rio Andriyat Krisdiawan Erlan Darmawan Evizal Abdul Kadir Yeffry Handoko Putra Waleed Khalid Al-Hadban Athraa Jasim Mohammed Suhaib Kh. Hamed Mohammed Rashad Baker Firas Mahmood Mustafa Zakho Khalid Shaker Arwa Alqudsi Ramadi Hussein K. Almulla Roberto Vergallo Mohd Nor Akmal Khalid  
   
  ix  
   
  Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology, India Misurata University, India Parul University, India Lovely Professional University, India Baba Ghulam Shah Badshah University, India Galgotias University, India Gautam Buddha University, India Bhairab Ganguly College, India Manipal University Jaipur, India Manipal University Jaipur, India Krishna Institute of Engineering and Technology, India Galgotias University, India Kalasalingam Academy of Research and Education, India Galgotias University, India Indian Institute of Information Technology Una, India Chitkara University, India Sathyabama Institute of Science and Technology, India Jain University, India Islamic State University of Sulthan Thaha Saifuddin Jambi, Indonesia Universitas Islam Riau, Indonesia Universitas Islam Indragiri, Indonesia Universitas Kuningan, Indonesia Universitas Kuningan, Indonesia Universitas Kuningan, Indonesia Universitas Islam Riau, Indonesia Universitas Komputer Indonesia, Indonesia Charmo University, Iraq University of Technology, Iraq Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia Kirkuk University, Iraq Duhok Polytechnic University, Iraq University of Anbar, Iraq Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia University of Anbar, Iraq University of Salento, Italy Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Japan  
   
  x  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Mustafa Ali Abuzaraida Bhagyashree S. R. Mohd Hasbullah Omar Rubijesmin Abdul Latif Mohd Helmy Abd Wahab Husna Sarirah Husin Aida Zamnah Zainal Abidin Mohammed Gamal Alsamman Quah Wei Boon Ihsan Ali Abdulrazak Yahya Saleh Rajina R. Mohamed Dalilah Binti Abdullah Shahrinaz Ismail Ruhaya Ab. Aziz Syahrul Fahmy Nooraida Samsudin Norhafizah Ismail Noormadinah Allias Zainab Attar Bashi Ashikin Ali Roziyani Setik Siti Fairuz Nurr Sadikan Safyzan Salim Marwan Nafea Irny Suzila Ishak Abdul Majid Soomro Nor Masharah Husain Nur Intan Raihana Ruhaiyem Nik Zulkarnaen Khidzir Nadilah Mohd Ralim Kavikumar Jacob Fawad Salam Khan Muhammad Abdulrazaaq Thanoon Mohammad Jassim Mohammad Muazam Ali  
   
  Misurata University, Libya ATME College of Engineering, Libya Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Tenaga Nasional, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur Malaysian Institute of Information Technology, Malaysia Asia Pacific University of Technology & Innovation, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Ministry of Higher Education, Malaysia University of Malaya, Malaysia Universiti Malaysia Sarawak, Malaysia Universiti Tenaga Nasional, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Albukhary International University, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussain Onn Malaysia, Malaysia University College TATI, Malaysia University College TATI, Malaysia Politeknik Mersing, Malaysia Tunku Abdul Rahman University of Management and Technology, Malaysia International Islamic University Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Selangor, Malaysia Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur British Malaysian Institute, Malaysia University of Nottingham Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Selangor, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Pendidikan Sultan Idris, Malaysia Universiti Sains Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Malaysia Kelantan, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia, Malaysia  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Khairol Amali Ahmad Juliana Aida Abu Bakar Mohd Nizam Omar Waqas Ahmed Shakiroh Khamis Habiba Akter Noris Mohd Norowi Siti Munirah Mohd Sulaiman Mahzan Shahidatul Arfah Baharudin Pantea Keikhosrokiani Renugah Rengasamy Khalid Hussain Massudi Mahmuddin Mahmood Abdullah Bazel Masitah Ghazali Norhanisha Yusof Saiful Bakhtiar Osman Azliza Mohd Ali Norhasyimatul Naquiah Ghazali Yusmadi Yah Jusoh Jasni Ahmad Azlin Nordin Abdullah Al-Sakkaf Kamsiah Mohamed Mudiana Mokhsin Suhaimi Abd-Latif Sani Salisu Ijaz Ahmad Ghaith Abdulsattar Al-Kubaisi Qamar Ul Islam Abdulrazak F. Shahatha Al-Mashhadani Muhammad Kashif Shaikh Mir Jamal Ud Din Najia Saher Tasneem Mohammad Ameen Duridi  
   
  xi  
   
  Universiti Pertahanan Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Universiti Putra Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Sains Islam Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Universiti Sains Malaysia, Malaysia Social Institute of Malaysia, Malaysia Albukhary International University, Malaysia Unversiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Unversiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Malaysia-Japan International Institute of Technology, Malaysia Politeknik Balik Pulau, Malaysia PNB Commercial Sdn. Berhad, Malaysia Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia International Islamic University Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Universiti Selangor, Malaysia Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia Otago Polytechnic, New Zealand Federal University Dutse, Nigeria Majan University College, Oman University of Technology and Applied Sciences, Oman Dhofar University, Oman Sohar University, Oman Sir Syed University of Engineering and Technology, Pakistan Abbottabad University of Science & Technology, Pakistan Islamia University Bahawalpur, Pakistan Palestine Technical University, Palestine  
   
  xii  
   
  ICOCI 2023 Committee  
   
  Krzysztof Marian Tomiczek Abdullah Hussein Al-Ghushami Abayomi Abdultaofeek Fathima Musfira Ameer Mohammed Ahmed Taiye Sasalak Tongkaw Abdulfattah Esmail Hasan Abdullah Ba Alawi Mehmet Nergiz Huseyin First Ismail Rakip Karas Mehmet Sirac Ozerdem Evi Indriasari Mansor Hamzah Alaidaros Munya Saleh Ba Matraf Abdullah Almogahed Abdulaziz Yahya Yahya Al-Nahari Ridhima Rani Hani Mizhir Magid Rohaida Romli Shaymah Akram Yasear Mohd Hafizul Afifi Abdullah  
   
  Silesian University of Technology, Poland Community College of Qatar, Qatar Mangosuthu University of Technology, South Africa South Eastern University of Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka Linnaeus University, Sweden Songkhla Rajabhat University, Thailand Ataturk University, Turkey Dicle University, Turkey Dicle University, Turkey Karabuk University, Turkey Dicle University, Turkey Abu Dhabi School of Management, UAE Al-Ahgaff University, Yemen Hadhramout University, Yemen Taiz University, Yemen UNITAR International University, Malaysia Chitkara University, India Al Furat Al Awsat Technical University, Iraq Universiti Utara Malaysia, Malaysia Al-Qasim Green University, Iraq Universiti Teknologi Petronas, Malaysia  
   
  Contents – Part II  
   
  Digital Healthcare and Well-Being Air Quality Index Prediction Using Support Vector Regression Based on African Buffalo Optimization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Yuhanis Yusof and Inusa Sani Maijama’a The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals: A Pilot Study . . . . . Mahmood A. Bazel, Mazida Ahmad, Fathey Mohammed, Nabil Hasan Al-Kumaim, Wasef Mater, and Azman Yasin Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity Towards Secure Intention Behavior in Online Game Addiction Among Adolescents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Wan Mohd Yusoff Wan Yaacob, Nur Haryani Zakaria, and Zahurin Mat Aji Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care for Mobile Virtual Consultation . . . Ahmad Hanis Mohd Shabli, Noorulsadiqin Azbiya Yaacob, and Noor Rafhati Adyani Abdullah  
   
  3  
   
  15  
   
  30  
   
  43  
   
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets: Leveraging TensorFlow and Keras for Novel Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Yaser Mohammed Al-Hamzi and Shamsul Bin Sahibuddin  
   
  56  
   
  Eye-Tracking Usability Data of BacaDisleksia for an Informed Dyslexia-Friendly Design Decision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Husniza Husni, Nurul Ida Syaheera Mohd Nasri, and Mohamed Ali Saip  
   
  69  
   
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model for Identifying ADHD Based on Integrating Brain Atlases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dalia A. Al-Ubaidi, Azurah A. Samah, and Mahdi Jasim  
   
  81  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy Fundus Image for Eye Care Facilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Nurul Atikah Mohd Sharif, Nor Hazlyna Harun, Nur Azmielia Muhammad Sharimi, Juhaida Abu Bakar, Hapini Awang, and Zunaina Embong  
   
  95  
   
  xiv  
   
  Contents – Part II  
   
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It via Mobile Application . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 110 Masitah Ghazali, Nur Zuraifah Syazrah Othman, Zatul Alwani Shaffiei, Suriati Sadimon, Zuraini Ali Shah, and Zuriahati Mohd Yunos Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 123 Nur Farah Amalina Azmi, Mohamed Ali Saip, and Husniza Husni Education Transformation Through Technology University Student Dashboard: Enhancing Student Trend Analysis and Decision-Making Processes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 139 Teh Soon Li, Mohamad Sabri bin Sinal, Mazni Omar, and Muhammad Nur Adilin bin Mohamad Anuardi Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education: A Pilot Evaluation of a Malware Awareness Program for College Students . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 154 Norliza Katuk, Nur A.’ fyfah Zaimy, Suren Krishnan, Raj Kumar Kunhiraman, Hwee-Hsiung Lee, and Derar Eleyan Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision in Intelligent Tutoring Systems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 168 Nur Hafiza Jamaludin and Rohaida Romli Unlocking the Potential of Enhancing User Experience in Portal GREaT: Cultivating Great Ideas Through Brainwriting Method . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 180 Fauziah Baharom, Rohaida Romli, Wan Hussain Wan Ishak, Haslina Mohd, Yuhanis Yusof, Mohamed Ali Saip, Osman Ghazali, Rahayu Ahmad, Mohd Hasbullah Omar, Suzilah Ismail, Juhaida Abu Bakar, and Salwati Badroddin The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects Using Design Thinking Approach in Rural Schools in Kedah, Malaysia: A Smart Farming Project . . . . . 190 Suwannit Chareen Chit, Ahmad Hanis Mohd Shabli, and Massudi Mahmuddin Enhancing Supervisor Response Time: An Exploration of the Social Representation Theory of Shame in ELISTA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 204 Jefri Marzal, Edi Elisa, Pradita Eko Prasetyo Utomo, and Suwannit Chareen Chit Early Detection of School Disengagement Using MyBuddy Application . . . . . . . 217 Noraziah ChePa, Ahmad Hanis Mohd Shabli, Azizi Ab Aziz, Wan Hussain Wan Ishak, and Laura Lim Sei Yi  
   
  Contents – Part II  
   
  xv  
   
  Digital Entrepreneurship and Innovation E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution: A Preliminary Investigation Framework . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 231 Siti Sakira Kamruddin, Farzana Kabir Ahmad, Alawiyah Abd Wahab, Zahurin Mat Aji, and Noradila Nordin Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . 244 Brandon Chua Choon Kit and Nor Farzana Abd Ghani Improving Rice Yield Prediction Accuracy Using Regression Models with Climate Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 258 Mohamad Farhan Mohamad Mohsin, Muhammad Khalifa Umana, Mohamad Ghozali Hassan, Kamal Imran Mohd Sharif, Mohd Azril Ismail, Khazainani Salleh, Suhaili Mohd Zahari, Mimi Adilla Sarmani, and Neil Gordon The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women in E-Hailing Apps Adoption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 268 Karrar Ali Abdullah and Musyrifah Mahmod Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System for Managing Housing Application . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 282 Asvinitha Muniandy, Mazida Ahmad, and Mohamad Adli Desa A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchasing Behavior: Malaysian Consumer Perspective . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 296 Nurul Ain Mustakim, Shuzlina Abdul-Rahman, Maslina Abdul Aziz, and Zuhairah Hasan The Effects of Perceived Usefulness and Perceived Ease of Use on Intention to Use ICT Services Among Agribusiness Practitioners in Somalia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 309 Husein Osman Abdullahi and Murni Mahmud Adoption of Machine Learning by Rural Farms: A Systematic Review . . . . . . . . 324 Sayed Abdul Majid Gilani, Ansarullah Tantry, Soumaya Askri, Liza Gernal, Rommel Sergio, and Leonardo Jose Mataruna-Dos-Santos Estate Planning Model for Sustaining Economic Values of Digital Assets . . . . . . 336 Norliza Katuk, Peck-Yong Tey, Mohamad Sabri Sinal, Wan Aida Nadia Wan Abdullah, Norazlina Abd Wahab, Erik Kurniadi, and Heru Budianto Author Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 351  
   
  Contents – Part I  
   
  Ensuring Cybersecurity and Privacy Key Issues in Cybersecurity Implementation in Government Agencies: A Case Study in Jakarta Smart City . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . R. G. Guntur Alam, Huda Ibrahim, and Ismail Rakip Karas Large Scale Web Crawling and Distributed Search Engines: Techniques, Challenges, Current Trends, and Future Prospects . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Asadullah Al Galib, Md Humaion Kabir Mehedi, Ehsanur Rahman Rhythm, and Annajiat Alim Rasel Data Archiving Model on Cloud for Video Surveillance Systems with Integrity Check . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Norliza Katuk, Mohd Hasbullah Omar, Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Pozi, and Ekaterina Chzhan Blockchain-Based Supply Chain for a Sustainable Digital Society: Security Challenges and Proposed Approach . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Norshakinah Md Nasir, Khuzairi Mohd Zaini, Suhaidi Hassan, and Noradila Nordin  
   
  3  
   
  17  
   
  30  
   
  44  
   
  An Exploratory Study of Automated Anti-phishing System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mochamad Azkal Azkiya Aziz, Basheer Riskhan, Nur Haryani Zakaria, and Mohamad Nazim Jambli  
   
  58  
   
  Remote Public Data Auditing to Secure Cloud Storage . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Muhammad Farooq and Osman Ghazali  
   
  70  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Ransomware Detection Methods and Tools for Mitigating Potential Attacks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mujeeb ur Rehman, Rehan Akbar, Mazni Omar, and Abdul Rehman Gilal  
   
  80  
   
  A Systematic Literature Review of Intrusion Detection System in Network Security . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Guntoro Guntoro and Mohd. Nizam Bin Omar  
   
  96  
   
  Cross-layer Based Intrusion Detection System for Wireless Sensor Networks: Challenges, Solutions, and Future Directions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 108 Noradila Nordin and Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Pozi  
   
  xviii  
   
  Contents – Part I  
   
  Digital Media and Information Literacy A Feature-Based Optimization Approach for Fake News Detection on Social Media Using K-Means Clustering . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 125 Farzana Kabir Ahmad, Siti Sakira Kamaruddin, Adnan Hussein Ali, and Farah Lia Ibrahim Sentiment Analysis of Arabic Dialects: A Review Study . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 137 Abdullah Habberrih and Mustafa Ali Abuzaraida Charting Inclusive Digital Society Research Trends: A Bibliometric Analysis of E-Participation Through Social Media . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 154 Hapini Awang, Nur Suhaili Mansor, Maslinda Mohd Nadzir, Osman Ghazali, Abderrahmane Benlahcene, Fadhilah Mat Yamin, Isyaku Uba Haruna, Shakiroh Khamis, and Abdulrazak F. Shahatha Al-Mashhadani Systematic Literature Review and Bibliometric Analysis on Addressing the Vanishing Gradient Issue in Deep Neural Networks for Text Data . . . . . . . . . 168 Shakirat Oluwatosin Haroon-Sulyman, Mohammed Ahmed Taiye, Siti Sakira Kamaruddin, and Farzana Kabir Ahmad A Test Dataset of Offensive Malay Language by a Cyberbullying Detection Model on Instagram Using Support Vector Machine . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 182 Nurulhuda Ismail, David Enrique Losada, and Rahayu Ahmad TikTok Video Cluster Analysis Based on Trending Topic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 193 Juhaida Abu Bakar, Nur Azmielia Muhammad Sharimi, Mohd Azrul Edzwan Shahril, Nur Syafiqah Azmi, Nor Hazlyna Harun, Hapini Awang, and Nur Syafiqah Abu Bakar Navigating AI Development and Deployment A Video Summarization Method for Movie Trailer-Genre Classification Based on Emotion Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 209 Wan En Ng, Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Pozi, Mohd Hasbullah Omar, Norliza Katuk, and Abdul Rafiez Abdul Raziff E-Nose: Spoiled Food Detection Embedded Device Using Machine Learning for Food Safety Application . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 221 Wan Nur Fadhlina Syamimi Wan Azman, Ku Nurul Fazira binti Ku Azir, and Adam bin Mohd Khairuddin  
   
  Contents – Part I  
   
  xix  
   
  An Analysis of Objective Function Modification Approaches in Routing Protocols for Low Power and Lossy Networks: A Fuzzy Logic-Based Perspective . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 235 Laila Al-Qaisi, Suhaidi Hassan, and Nur Haryani Zakaria An Empirical Study of Label Size Effect on Classification Model Accuracy Using a Derived Rule from the Holy Quran Verses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 248 Ghaith Abdulsattar A. Jabbar Alkubaisi, Siti Sakira Kamruddin, and Husniza Husni Anomalies in Mooring (Thin) Lines: Causes, Risk Mitigations, and Real Time Consequences of Failure – A Comprehensive Review . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 260 Tarwan Kumar Khatri, Manzoor Ahmed Hashmani, Hasmi Taib, Nasir Abdullah, and Lukman Ab. Rahim Data Analytics Modelling System for Short Courses at Seberang Jaya Community College . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 274 Zuriana Zamberi and Nur Intan Raihana Ruhaiyem Examining the Software Developers’ Perception in Open-Source Software of Blockchain Project Using Association Rules Mining . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 287 Alawiyah Abd Wahab, Huda Hj. Ibrahim, Shehu M. SarkinTudu, and Bilyaminu A. Romo Support Vector Machine for Satellite Images Classification Using Radial Basis Function Kernel Method . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 301 Nur Suhaili Mansor, Hapini Awang, Sarkin Tudu Shehu Malami, Amirulikhsan Zolkafli, Mohammed Ahmed Taiye, and Hanhan Maulana Harnessing Technology for Sustainable Development A Regression Test Case Prioritization Framework for Software Sustainability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 315 Bakr Ba-Quttayyan, Haslina Mohd, and Yuhanis Yusof Towards a Sustainable Digital Society: Supporting Producer Mobility in Named Data Networking Through Immobile Anchor-Based Mechanism . . . . 330 Ahmad Abrar, Khuzairi Mohd Zaini, Ahmad Suki Che Mohamed Arif, and Mohd Hasbullah Omar Enabling a Sustainable and Inclusive Digital Future with Proactive Producer Mobility Management Mechanism in Named Data Networking . . . . . . 343 Nurul Hidayah Ahmad Zukri, Ahmad Suki Che Mohamed Arif, Mohammed AlSamman, and Ahmad Abrar  
   
  xx  
   
  Contents – Part I  
   
  The Recent Trends of Research on GitHub Copilot: A Systematic Review . . . . . 355 Zhamri Che Ani, Zauridah Abdul Hamid, and Nur Nazifa Zhamri Blockchain Over Named Data Networking Architecture: A Review . . . . . . . . . . . 367 Mohammed Alsamman, Suhaidi Hassan, Fathey Mohammed, and Yousef Fazea A Review of Policy on Creative Industry for Sustainable Nation: A Malaysian Perspective . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 380 Syamsul Bahrin Zaibon, Asmidah Alwi, Ahmad Hisham Zainal Abidin, Adzrool Idzwan Ismail, Nur Kareelawati Abd Karim, and Shamsul Arrieya Ariffin Author Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 395  
   
  Digital Healthcare and Well-Being  
   
  Air Quality Index Prediction Using Support Vector Regression Based on African Buffalo Optimization Yuhanis Yusof1(B)  
   
  and Inusa Sani Maijama’a1,2  
   
  1 School of Computing, Institute for Advanced and Smart Digital Opportunities,  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia, UUM Sintok, 06010 Bukit Kayu Hitam, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Department of Computer Science, Hussaini Adamu Federal Polytechnic Kazaure, Kazaure, Nigeria [email protected]  Abstract. Support Vector Regression (SVR) is one of the machine learning models widely used in regression analysis. As an alternative for fitting a line to the data points like typical linear regression algorithms, it finds a hyperplane that is effective in fitting data points in a continuous space. The kernel type and hyperparameters significantly influence the performance and effectiveness of SVR. Determination of the optimal values is crucial in ensuring the success of prediction, regardless of the application domain. This study adapts the African Buffalo Optimization (ABO) algorithm to determine SVR’s regularization and kernel parameters. The ABO algorithm mirrors African buffaloes’ hunting and defensive behavior, offering ability to track the best position and extensive memory capacity to discover the best solution for problems under analysis. Evaluation is then performed on the air quality index benchmark dataset, and the prediction results of SVR-ABO are compared against other optimized SVR prediction models. The results show that SVR-ABO is a better algorithm because it produces smaller errors and best fits the data. Such an outcome indicates that the proposed SVR optimized by ABO is a competitive prediction model in data analytics. Keywords: Support Vector Regression · African Buffalo Optimization · sustainable environment  
   
  1 Introduction Air quality prediction can be realized by forecasting the concentration of pollutants in the air at a particular location and time using various data-driven techniques. With the increasing concerns about air pollution and its impacts on human health and the sustainability of the environment, accurate air quality prediction has become essential for government agencies, policymakers, and the public [1]. One of the main sources of air pollution is human activities, such as transportation, industry, and agriculture. Air quality prediction models use various input data sources, including meteorological data, emission inventories, satellite data, and ground-level air quality measurements, to forecast the concentration of pollutants in the air. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 3–14, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_1  
   
  4  
   
  Y. Yusof and I. S. Maijama’a  
   
  Statistical methodologies, machine learning algorithms [2–5], and artificial neural networks [6–8] are just a few methods for air quality prediction. With the aid of these methods, air quality prediction models that can precisely estimate the quantity of pollutants, including particulate matter, nitrogen oxides, and ozone, have been created. Even though machine learning algorithms (such as Support Vector Regression (SVR)) have shown promising outcomes as prediction models, determining the model parameter’s optimal values is crucial in ensuring prediction success, regardless of the application domain. The use of swarm optimization algorithms to optimize machine learning models, including in air quality prediction, is gaining some attention. Swarm optimization is a computational intelligence method inspired by the actions of social animals, for instance bees, ants, and birds. The goal of swarm optimization is to resolve challenging optimisation issues by simulating the collective actions of a group of individuals, known as a swarm, working together towards a common objective. The basic premise of swarm optimization is that simplified local communications between individuals in the swarm can direct to advancing overall actions that optimizes the objective function. Every individual in the swarm is represented as a potential solution in the optimisation problem, and the swarm explores the search area to find the best solution. Swarm optimization algorithms can be used for many optimization problems, including continuous, discrete, and combinatorial problems. They have been positively applied in several application domains, including engineering [9–11], education [12], and health [13]. Among the swarm optimization algorithms includes Particle Swarm Optimization, which is known as PSO [14], Ant Colony Optimization, which is termed ACO [15], and an algorithm from the bees which is termed Artificial Bee Colony (ABC) [16]. These algorithms differ in their mechanisms for updating the positions of individuals in the swarm, and their strengths and weaknesses are made into use depending on the characteristics of the optimization problem. This study investigates the adaption of African Buffalo Optimization (ABO) algorithm in optimizing the SVR model to predict the air quality index. The African Buffalo Optimization is an alternative nature-inspired optimization algorithm first proposed in 2015 [17]. The algorithm was established on the actions of African buffaloes, where the buffaloes gather in a herd and move towards a common goal. The goal of ABO is to discover the best result based on available resources by simulating the social activities of the buffaloes. Due to ABO’s capability, the algorithm, has been deployed in various optimization problems that includes the Travelling Salesman Problem [18], network traffic analysis [19], and various benchmark datasets [20]. Owing to its quick convergence, ability to follow each buffalo’s optimal location and pace, and progress of the best buffalo towards better exploration, ABO reported success in optimization scenarios when compared to similar algorithms. However, the ability of ABO to simultaneously optimise three mutual parameters, as with SVR, has not been documented in the literature. In order to discover the optimal value for SVR parameters, this study proposes the hybridization between SVR and ABO. This paper is structured as follows: Sect. 2 presents some conveyed studies on the deployed models and application domain. This is followed by Sect. 3 that details the procedures undertaken to complete the study, while the obtained experimental results  
   
  Air Quality Index Prediction Using Support Vector Regression  
   
  5  
   
  are examined in Sect. 4. Lastly, Sect. 5 concludes the discussion and provides direction for future studies.  
   
  2 Related Work 2.1 Particulate Matter Prediction Models Air pollution is a major environmental concern that significantly impacts public health and the economy. Various techniques have been employed to mitigate air pollution and its related impacts. One approach uses Particulate Matter (PM2.5) prediction models, mathematical and statistical tools to forecast the intensity of fine particulate matter in the air [21]. These models utilize data from various sources, such as satellite imagery, meteorological information, and ground-based measurements of PM2.5 concentrations, to create a spatial and temporal understanding of air pollution. PM2.5 can be emitted from primary sources, such as transportation and industrial activities, or form through secondary sources through chemical reactions with gaseous pollutants. Machine learning models have also been used for PM2.5 prediction, showing promising results. Some of the popular machine learning models employed for PM2.5 prediction are Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) [1, 8], Support Vector Machines (SVMs) [22, 23], Random Forests (RFs) [24, 25], and Gradient Boosting Machines (GBMs). These models utilize data inputs such as meteorological observations, land use patterns, and satellite images that can help predict PM2.5 concentrations more accurately. It’s worth noting that selecting a model to use in a specific case should be based on the nature of available data and specific prediction goals. Traditional statistical and Machine learning models (ML) have been used in PM2.5 prediction, but they differ in their approaches and assumptions. Conventional statistical models are typically based on predefined algorithms developed using regression analysis or other statistical techniques. These models require that the data meet certain statistical assumptions such as linearity, homoscedasticity, and normal distribution. In contrast, ML models are built on machine learning algorithms that do not involve explicit statistical assumptions. Instead, they learn from data, identifying patterns and relationships without being specifically programmed. They can handle higher-dimensional data, non-linear relationships, and complex data structures. Unlike traditional statistical models, ML models perform better in PM2.5 prediction because they can learn non-linear relationships and assumptions [26]. However, ML models may be considered black-box models that often provide no explanation of how the result was derived and may be difficult to interpret and diagnose. Traditional models are more straightforward, better understand the underlying statistical assumptions, and can be useful in interpreting the nature of the relationship between the predictor and response variable. 2.2 Support Vector Regression Support Vector Regression is a widely held machine learning algorithm to analyze regression based on the Support Vector Machine (SVM) algorithm. It was introduced by Vapnik  
   
  6  
   
  Y. Yusof and I. S. Maijama’a  
   
  et al. in 1996 [27], and since then, it has been a powerful tool for predicting continuous output values from a given set of input data. The goal of SVR is to decrease the difference between the predicted and actual values, subject to a certain margin of error. SVR has several advantages over traditional regression techniques, such as its capability to lever non-linear relationships that exits between the input and output variables, its robustness to outliers, and its ability to generalize well to unseen data. Additionally, SVR can be easily extended to handle multi-dimensional input data and can be applied to various regression problems, including time series forecasting, image processing [28, 29], and financial prediction [30, 31]. Despite the generalisation ability of SVR, it has two concerns; SVR hyper-parameters (punishment factor (C), tube size (ε) and if RBF kernel is chosen, the kernel parameter (γ)) needs to be optimised. Determining optimal values of these three parameters proves to be a difficult task. However, regardless of the type of kernel selected, the value of C and ε significantly affects the final model. The value of ε determines the number of support vectors the model will use for the forecasting. Intuitively, a small value of ε results into large number of support vectors which could lead to high complexity and high degree of allowed deviation in the process of optimisation formulation. The optimisation technique primarily aims to help the SVR algorithm to avoid underfitting or over-fitting during training, consequently affecting the algorithm’s generalisation ability. The most common methods found in the literature for SVR hyper-parameter optimisation are Cross-validation [32, 33] and the grid search method [32]. However, cross-validation optimisation methods are computationally expensive and easily fall into local optimum [33]. Hence researchers opt for a better approach that uses swarm algorithms. 2.3 Optimized Support Vector Regression Due to inadequacy and problems associated with grid and cross-validation approaches of optimisation, swarm optimization approaches were deployed in SVR studies. Zhang, Kuang, and Hu [34] use artificial bee colony (ABC) to optimise SVR parameters to predict annual total electricity usage in China. The authors argued that population initialisation is one of the crucial tasks when using evolutionary algorithms. Hence, they deploy tent chaotic strategy and tournament selection procedure to initialise the ABC population and determine the value of each bee in their research. Their approach that was termed as ABC-SVR, recorded a substantial MAPE values compared to the ones produced by PSO-SVR, GA-SVR, GRNN, normal regression, and SVR with its default parameters. A study in forecasting grid electric load [36] claimed SVR requires a large computational cost, especially when the dataset is large (high number of instances and features/attributes). To overcome this issue, the study investigated the use of Fruitfly Optimisation Algorithm (FOA) in determining the optimal values for SVR parameters. However, it was learned that FOA has some shortcomings of premature convergence and a high possibility of being stuck in local optima. Hence, the study optimised the deployed FOA using Quantum Computing mechanism (QCM) and cat chaotic mapping function.  
   
  Air Quality Index Prediction Using Support Vector Regression  
   
  7  
   
  The QCM was used to enhance FOA searching ability and prevent premature convergence. While the cat chaotic mapping function was deployed to avoid the algorithm from being caught in local optima when there is little variation in the population. In 2021, another optimized SVR was introduced in the engineering application domain. The GA-SVR [35] was deployed to forecast driven piles’ ability to support vertical loads in cohesionless soil. The model’s performance was compared against SVR and linear regression models. By achieving a lower error rate and larger coefficient of determination than the SVR and linear regression models, the GA-SVR [35] model has outperformed the benchmark models. Nevertheless, the complexity of GA does not scale well. That is, the size of the search space frequently grows exponentially in regions where the number of elements subject to mutation is high. 2.4 African Buffalo Optimization The African Buffalo Optimisation [17] represents African buffaloes’ defense and foraging strategies. This group of animals is distinguished by their exceptional memory capacity, social organisation, and democratic way of life. They make the sound “waaa” to indicate threat and “maaa” to denote that it is safe. Therefore, their organisational lifestyle might be connected to these distinctive traits [35, 36]. The “waaa” sound is represented by the symbolization “wk ,” “maa” by the representation “mk ,” and the learning parameters by the representations “l1 ” and “l2 .” The personal best (bpmax(k) ) and global best (bgmax ) positions are additional parameters that are relevant in exploring the search area. The algorithm subtracts the “waaa” value (wk ), where it requires the buffaloes to travel the search space from the largest vector (bgmax and bpmax(k) ). Then, it is times by the learning parameters (l1 and l2 ). ABO’s outcome is represented via “maaa” (mk ) notation that signals buffalo herds should npt move and remain grazing at the same location.  
   
  3 Materials and Methods 3.1 Dataset Description The Beijing Air Quality Index (AQI) dataset used for this experiment is compiled from US Embassy in Beijing data and meteorological data from Beijing Capital International Airport obtained from UCI repository over five (5) years from 01/01/2010 to 31/12/2014. The dataset consists of 43,824 instances with 11 descriptive features that include 1) year, 2) month, 3) day, 4) hour, 5) Dew Point (â„ƒ), 6) Temperature (â„ƒ), 7) Pressure (hPa), 8) Combined wind direction, 9) Cumulated wind speed (m/s), 10) Cumulated hours of snow and 11) Cumulated hours of rain. The predicted feature is the Particulate Matter (PM2.5) in the air, which indicates poor air quality. PM2.5 are very small elements in the air that decrease visibility and initiate the air to appear blurred when elevated levels. 3.2 Data Preparation The main reason behind selecting the SVR algorithm instead of other prediction models is due to the non-linearity properties of the deployed dataset. In this study, the linearity  
   
  8  
   
  Y. Yusof and I. S. Maijama’a  
   
  properties were analyzed using SPSS, and it was learned that the descriptive features are not linear with the target feature. Following this, the data was also normalized using MinMax scaler due to skewness of the target feature. 3.3 Optimized SVR-ABO Figure 1 illustrates the adapted algorithm for predicting the dataset’s air quality. The input for the deployment is the training data, while the output is the optimal values for SVR and the values of the evaluation measures.  
   
  Fig. 1. Flow Chart of SVR-ABO  
   
  3.4 Experiment Setup This experiment’s next-hour forecast was based on the previous twenty-four (24) hours of data. The dataset was divided into 3 portions which includes training, validation, and testing. The data proportion is seventy (70%), fifteen (15%), and fifteen (15%), respectively. The range of regularization constant C, gamma (γ), and epsilon (ε) were set as (1–20), (0.001–1.00), and (0.1–10), respectively. The ABO, GA, and PSO algorithms were executed based on parameter values presented in Table 1.  
   
  Air Quality Index Prediction Using Support Vector Regression  
   
  9  
   
  Table 1. ABO, GA, and PSO parameters. ABO  
   
  GA  
   
  PSO  
   
  Parameters  
   
  Value  
   
  Parameters  
   
  Value  
   
  Parameters  
   
  Value  
   
  Population  
   
  100  
   
  Swarm size  
   
  100  
   
  Population  
   
  100  
   
  Maximum Iterations  
   
  1,000  
   
  Maximum Iterations  
   
  1,000  
   
  Maximum Iterations  
   
  1000  
   
  0.4  
   
  Elite chromosomes  
   
  5  
   
  Cognitive parameter C 1  
   
  0.5  
   
  0.6  
   
  Selection method  
   
  Roulette wheel  
   
  Social parameter C 2  
   
  0.5  
   
  Crossover function  
   
  Partially matched crossover (PMX)  
   
  Inertia weight  
   
  0.9  
   
  Mutation function  
   
  Uniform  
   
  Mutation rate  
   
  0.1  
   
  Democratic parameter (l 1 ) Location update Lambda  
   
  1  
   
  3.5 Evaluation Metrics In this experiment, three evaluation metrics have been used: Mean Absolute Error (MAE) [36], Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) [36], Mean Squared Error (MSE) [36], and R2. The equations for the metrics are presented in Eqs. (1), (2), and (3). 1   |xn − x n | N n=1  2    N x −  n=1 i x n N  
   
  MAE =  
   
  RMSE =  
   
  MSE =  
   
  N N 1   (xn − x n )2 N  
   
  (1)  
   
  (2)  
   
  (3)  
   
  n=1  
   
  4 Results The comparative performance of the algorithms and the actual values of PM2.5 is illustrated in Fig. 2. The figure reveals that all the algorithms find it difficult when the value of the actual PM2.5 is below fifty (50). However, as can be observed from the figure, the algorithm’s performance did increase with the increase of the value of PM2.5, especially towards the peak values.  
   
  10  
   
  Y. Yusof and I. S. Maijama’a  
   
  Fig. 2. Comparison of PM2.5 predicted values.  
   
  Upon the algorithm’s training termination, the best parameters obtained by each algorithm with the least training error are denoted in Table 2. Table 3 presents the comparative outcomes of the four compared algorithms, SVR, SVR-ABO, SVR-PSO, and SVR-GA, based on the mentioned evaluation metrics. Table 2. Optimal parameters determined by swarm-based algorithms. ALGORITHMS SVR  
   
  SVR-PSO  
   
  SVR-ABO  
   
  SVR-GA  
   
  Regularisation Parameter (C)  
   
  –  
   
  20.0000  
   
  19.9860  
   
  18.0014  
   
  Gamma (γ)  
   
  –  
   
  0.6340  
   
  0.4950  
   
  0.8034  
   
  Epsilon (ε)  
   
  –  
   
  0.0927  
   
  0.8909  
   
  0.0929  
   
  Kernel type  
   
  rbf  
   
  rbf  
   
  rbf  
   
  rbf  
   
  Table 3. Performance of algorithms based on evaluation metrics. RMSE  
   
  MAE  
   
  MSE  
   
  R2  
   
  SVR  
   
  50.7254  
   
  41.9235  
   
  2573.0650  
   
  0.75  
   
  SVR-ABO  
   
  45.1617  
   
  36.7451  
   
  2039.5810  
   
  0.80  
   
  SVR-PSO  
   
  48.8515  
   
  40.0876  
   
  2386.4703  
   
  0.77  
   
  SVR-GA  
   
  50.5921  
   
  41.5541  
   
  2559.5584  
   
  0.76  
   
  Air Quality Index Prediction Using Support Vector Regression  
   
  11  
   
  From the values depicted in Table 3, it is learned that the performance of SVR-ABO based on RMSE metric is the best, with a value of 45.1617, while the least performance algorithm is the non-optimized model (SVR) with RMSE value of 50.7254. The SVRPSO and SVR-GA each have an RMSE value of 48.8515 and 50.5921, respectively. Regarding algorithms performance based on MAE, the SVR-ABO obtained the least value of 36.7451, while SVR-PSO, SVR-GA, and SVR obtained 40.0876, 41.5541 and 41.9235, respectively. Regarding the R2 score, which determines how best the algorithm can fit the data, the metric shows that SVR-ABO is a better model where it obtained the highest value of 0.8, followed by SVR-PSO with an R2 value of 0.77. The model optimized by SVR-GA and non-optimized model (i.e., SVR) scored 0.76 and 0.75, respectively. African Buffalo Optimization (ABO) and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) are metaheuristic optimization algorithms commonly used in various optimization problems. While both algorithms effectively find solutions, ABO has performed better than PSO and GA. One reason why ABO may perform better than PSO is that it exhibits coordinated behavior in herds. The ABO algorithm simulates this behavior by dividing the population into subgroups or “herds” and allowing them to interact with each other in a coordinated manner. This helps to avoid premature convergence and encourages exploration of the search space, leading to a better chance of finding the global optimum. In contrast, PSO is based on the behavior of a swarm of particles that randomly move through the search space and adjust their velocities based on the best solutions found so far. However, this random movement can sometimes lead to premature convergence or the particles getting caught in local optima. This is similar to the GA operations that are based on the principle of natural selection and evolution. GA randomly generates a population of candidate solutions and then applies selection, crossover, and mutation operators to evolve the population towards an optimal solution. Such an approach may also cause a stagnant search for the optimal value. The undertaken experiments support the advantages of ABO that includes the followings: • Improved convergence: ABO has shown to congregate faster and more reliable as compared to other optimization algorithms, such as Genetic Algorithm (GA) [35] and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) [37]. • Robustness: ABO is less sensitive to initial conditions and parameter settings than other optimization algorithms, making it more robust and reliable.  
   
  5 Conclusion Swarm optimization has several advantages over traditional optimization techniques, such as gradient-based methods, as it can handle complex, non-linear, and multi-modal optimization problems without getting trapped in local optima. Additionally, swarm optimization algorithms are easy to implement, scalable, and can be parallelized to exploit modern computing architectures. The adaption of ABO in predicting air quality has shown to be superior to several optimized SVR. On another note, the study can further be improved by analyzing the means of initializing the ABO’s population. Rather than deploying simple random distribution, ways and means to ensure population diversity is required, especially for non-linear data.  
   
  12  
   
  Y. Yusof and I. S. Maijama’a  
   
  To ensure a sustainable environment, it is important to manage air quality to balance economic growth and social well-being with environmental protection. Hence, by providing swarm-based digital solutions alternatives, the air quality prediction model can be a valuable tool for policymakers and stakeholders requiring critical air quality information. Acknowledgement. This work has been partially funded by the School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia.  
   
  References 1. Yadav, V., Nath, S.: Prediction of air quality using artificial neural network techniques: a review. Pollut. Res. 36, 623–625 (2017) 2. Corani, G., Scanagatta, M.: Air pollution prediction via multi-label classification. Environ. Model. Softw. 80, 259–264 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.envsoft.2016.02.030 3. Tejbeer, S., Arya, N.: Analysis of various air pollution predictions methods. Int. J. Sci. Technol. Res. 9, 2622–2625 (2020) 4. Delavar, M.R., et al.: A novel method for improving air pollution prediction based on machine learning approaches: a case study applied to the capital city of Tehran. ISPRS Int. J. Geo-Inf. 8, 99 (2019). https://doi.org/10.3390/ijgi8020099 5. Gu, Y., Li, B., Meng, Q.: Hybrid interpretable predictive machine learning model for air pollution prediction. Neurocomputing. 468, 123–136 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neu com.2021.09.051 6. Drewil, G.I., Al-Bahadili, R.J.: Air pollution prediction using LSTM deep learning and metaheuristics algorithms. Meas. Sensors. 24, 100546 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.measen. 2022.100546 7. Huang, G., et al.: Large scale air pollution prediction with deep convolutional networks. Sci. China Inf. Sci. 64, 1–11 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11432-020-2951-1 8. Xayasouk, T., Lee, H.: Air pollution prediction system using deep learning. WIT Trans. Ecol. Environ. 230, 71–79 (2018). https://doi.org/10.2495/AIR180071 9. El-Sherbeny, N.A.: Vehicle routing with time windows: an overview of exact, heuristic and metaheuristic methods. J. King Saud Univ. 22, 123–131 (2010). https://doi.org/10.1016/j. jksus.2010.03.002 10. Ahn, C.W., Ramakrishna, R.S.: A genetic algorithm for shortest path routing problem and the sizing of populations. IEEE Trans. Evol. Comput. 6, 566–579 (2002). https://doi.org/10. 1109/TEVC.2002.804323 11. Chakraborty, B.: GA-based multiple route selection for car navigation. In: Manandhar, S., Austin, J., Desai, U., Oyanagi, Y., Talukder, A.K. (eds.) AACC 2004. LNCS, vol. 3285, pp. 76–83. Springer, Heidelberg (2004). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-30176-9_10 12. Rizal, M.T., Yusof, Y.: Application of data mining in forecasting graduates employment. J. Eng. Appl. Sci. 12, 4202–4207 (2017). https://doi.org/10.3923/jeasci.2017.4202.4207 13. Mustaffa, Z., et al.: An application of barnacle mating optimizer in infectious disease prediction: a dengue outbreak cases. Iraqi J. Sci. 61, 2132–2141 (2020). https://doi.org/10.24996/ ijs.2020.61.8.28 14. Kennedy, J., Eberhart, R.: Particle swarm optimization. In: Proceedings of ICNN 1995International Conference on Neural Networks, pp. 1942–1948 (1995) 15. Chen, C.-C., Liu, Y.-T.: Enhanced Ant Colony Optimization with dynamic mutation and ad hoc initialization for improving the design of TSK-type fuzzy system. Comput. Intell. Neurosci. 2018, 9485478 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1155/2018/9485478  
   
  Air Quality Index Prediction Using Support Vector Regression  
   
  13  
   
  16. Wang, H., Wang, W., Xiao, S., Cui, Z., Xu, M., Zhou, X.: Improving artificial Bee colony algorithm using a new neighborhood selection mechanism. Inf. Sci. (Ny). 527, 227–240 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ins.2020.03.064 17. Odili, J.B., Kahar, M.N.M., Anwar, S.: African Buffalo Optimization: a swarm-intelligence technique. Procedia Comput. Sci. 76, 443–448 (2015) 18. Odili, J.B., Kahar, M.N.M., Noraziah, A., Zarina, M., Haq, R.U.: Performance analyses of nature-inspired algorithms on the Traveling Salesman’s Problems for strategic management. Intell. Autom. Soft Comput. (2017). https://doi.org/10.1080/10798587.2017.1334370 19. Mishra, S.: An optimized gradient boost decision tree using enhanced African Buffalo Optimization method for cyber security intrusion detection. Appl. Sci. 12, 12591 (2022). https:// doi.org/10.3390/app122412591 20. Panhalkar, A.R., Doye, D.D.: Optimization of decision trees using modified African Buffalo Algorithm. J. King Saud Univ. - Comput. Inf. Sci. 34, 4763–4772 (2022). https://doi.org/10. 1016/j.jksuci.2021.01.011 21. Biliaiev, M.M., Rusakova, T.I.: Determining zones of chemical pollution in the cities and assesment of chronic diseases risks. Sci. Transp. Progress. Bull. Dnipropetr. Natl. Univ. Railw. Transp. 0(1(79)), 7–16 (2019). https://doi.org/10.15802/stp2019/159508 22. Shafii, N.H.B., Alias, R., Zamani, N.F., Fauzi, N.F.: Forecasting of air pollution index PM2.5 using Support Vector Machine (SVM). J. Comput. Res. Innov. 5, 43–53 (2020). https://doi. org/10.24191/jcrinn.v5i3.149 23. Leong, W.C., Kelani, R.O., Ahmad, Z.: Prediction of air pollution index (API) using support vector machine (SVM). J. Environ. Chem. Eng. 8, 103208 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j. jece.2019.103208 24. Kianian, B., Liu, Y., Chang, H.H.: Imputing satellite-derived aerosol optical depth using a multi-resolution spatial model and random forest for PM2.5 prediction. Remote Sens. 13, 126 (2021). https://doi.org/10.3390/rs13010126 25. Siwek, K., Osowski, S.: Data mining methods for prediction of air pollution. Int. J. Appl. Math. Comput. Sci. 26, 467–478 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1515/amcs-2016-0033 26. Palanichamy, N., Haw, S.-C., Subramanian, S., Govindasamy, K., Murugan, R.: Prediction of PM2.5 concentrations in Malaysia using machine learning techniques: a review. F1000Research 10, 1279 (2021). https://doi.org/10.12688/f1000research.73163.1 27. Vapnik, V.N.: The Nature of Statistical Learning Theory. Springer, New York (1995). https:// doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4757-3264-1 28. Misra, T., et al.: Leaf area assessment using image processing and support vector regression in rice. Indian J. Agric. Sci. 91, 388–392 (2021). https://doi.org/10.56093/ijas.v91i3.112496 29. Yang, R., et al.: Detection of abnormal hydroponic lettuce leaves based on image processing and machine learning. Inf. Process. Agric. 10, 1–10 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.inpa. 2021.11.001 30. Henrique, B.M., Sobreiro, V.A., Kimura, H.: Stock price prediction using support vector regression on daily and up to the minute prices. J. Financ. Data Sci. 4, 183–201 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfds.2018.04.003 31. Astudillo, G., Carrasco, R., Fernández-Campusano, C., Chacón, M.: Copper price prediction using support vector regression technique. Appl. Sci. 10, 6648 (2020). https://doi.org/10. 3390/APP10196648 32. Bing, Q., Qu, D., Chen, X., Pan, F., Wei, J.: Short-term traffic flow forecasting method based on LSSVM model optimized by GA-PSO hybrid algorithm. Discret. Dyn. Nat. Soc. 2018, 1–10 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1155/2018/3093596 33. Mustaffa, Z., Sulaiman, M.H., Ernawan, F., Yusof, Y., Mohsin, M.F.M.: Dengue outbreak prediction: hybrid meta-heuristic model. In: Proceedings - 2018 IEEE/ACIS 19th International Conference on Software Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Networking and Parallel/Distributed Computing, SNPD 2018 (2018)  
   
  14  
   
  Y. Yusof and I. S. Maijama’a  
   
  34. Zhang, S., Kuang, F., Hu, R.: Support vector regression with multi-strategy artificial bee colony algorithm for annual electric load forecasting. In: Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing (2019) 35. Luo, Z., Hasanipanah, M., Bakhshandeh Amnieh, H., Brindhadevi, K., Tahir, M.M.: GASVR: a novel hybrid data-driven model to simulate vertical load capacity of driven piles. Eng. Comput. 37, 823–831 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/s00366-019-00858-2 36. Seo, Y., Kim, S., Singh, V.P.: Estimating spatial precipitation using Regression Kriging and Artificial Neural Network Residual Kriging (RKNNRK) hybrid approach. Water Resour. Manag. 29, 2189–2204 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11269-015-0935-9 37. Wang, D., Tan, D., Liu, L.: Particle swarm optimization algorithm: an overview. Soft Comput. 22, 387–408 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1007/s00500-016-2474-6  
   
  The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals: A Pilot Study Mahmood A. Bazel1(B) , Mazida Ahmad1 , Fathey Mohammed1,2 Nabil Hasan Al-Kumaim3 , Wasef Mater4 , and Azman Yasin1  
   
  ,  
   
  1 School of Computing, University Utara Malaysia, Sintok, 06010 Bukit Kayu Hitam, Kedah,  
   
  Malaysia [email protected]  2 Sunway Business School, Sunway University, 47500 Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia 3 Faculty of Technology Management and Technopreneurship, Universiti Teknikal Malaysia Melaka (UTeM), 76100 Durian Tunggal, Melaka, Malaysia 4 E-Business Department, University of Petra, Petra, Jordan  
   
  Abstract. Blockchain technology has gained popularity as a secure and efficient data storage and sharing method, with potential benefits for patient data management, cost reduction, and data security in the healthcare sector. However, the adoption rate of blockchain in healthcare organizations is significantly low. This pilot study aims to verify the validity and reliability of the instrument developed to determine the factors that may be impacting the adoption of blockchain technology by Malaysian hospitals. A small sample of decision-makers in Malaysian hospitals was targeted to collect the preliminary data using an online survey instrument developed based on the Technology-Organizational-Environment (TOE) framework and related studies constructs’ items. The data was analyzed using Partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The findings confirmed the reliability and validity of the measurement scales. This study contributes to ongoing research on BCT adoption in healthcare organizations and offers insights that can be useful to practitioners and researchers in this field. Keywords: Blockchain adoption · Healthcare · Malaysia  
   
  1 Introduction In recent years, blockchain technology (BCT), or distributed ledger technology, has garnered considerable interest [1]. BCT is considered a decentralized, cryptographically secure distributed ledger system that comprises a series of transaction lists with identical copies shared and sustained by multiple parties [2, 3] The more widespread adoption of this technology was observed after the proposal of the Bitcoin cryptocurrency [4]. Numerous benefits accrue from BCT, including increased transaction speed, decreased data replication, decreased risk of failure, and increased confidence and governance [5]. Governments and businesses are examining approaches to leverage this technology’s disruptive potential in a variety of sectors, resulting in solutions that are impervious to © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 15–29, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_2  
   
  16  
   
  M. A. Bazel et al.  
   
  change, transparent, secure, reliable, and trustworthy in public and private environments [6]. The healthcare sector is recognized as one of the sectors that is a possible beneficiary of BCT adoption [7]. Current healthcare systems confront numerous issues, including security, interoperability, privacy, lengthy processes, delays in diagnosis and treatment, difficulties in sharing information, high operational expenses, data control, and data ownership [8, 9]. Health information is fragmented and challenging to exchange due to diverse standards and formats [10]. Institutions often resist sharing data due to privacy concerns and fears of providing competitors with an advantage. The healthcare data ecosystem is excessively fragmented to meet modern patients’ pressing needs [11]. As stakeholders are encouraged to retain their records, verifying their authenticity and accuracy becomes difficult. This situation leads to substantial server maintenance and security costs [10, 12, 13]. BCT offers a promising solution to these problems [14, 15]. It can address the exchange, integrity, confidentiality, privacy, and interoperability issues inherent in healthcare systems [10, 16]. BCT enables sharing a patient’s medical data with international parties while granting patients control over their information [8, 17]. Due to the high sensitivity of medical data, the use of BCT in healthcare facilitates the secure transfer of patient medical records and enhances healthcare data security and transparency [14, 18]. If BCT is developed appropriately, it can lead to a revolution in healthcare and reshape it to make a stable, trustworthy, protected, and sustainable digital ecosystem for better-quality health data management [19, 20]. BCT is considered one of the top technology trends for health IT, notwithstanding the widespread notion that it is still in its infancy [21]. Despite the great potential that BCT brings to the healthcare industry, the adoption rate is significantly low, with a lack of empirical evidence [19, 22, 23]. However, little research has been done to discover the factors influencing BCT adoption in healthcare organizations [24]. Current academic literature on BCT adoption found that there are research shortages in terms of the factors impacting healthcare decision-makers to adopt BCT, and these factors require additional exploration [7, 14, 15, 25]. Therefore, to deliver the maximum benefit of BCT applications in the healthcare context, more research is required to identify the factors influencing hospitals’ adoption of BCT, which motivated our study. This pilot study aims to verify the validity and reliability of the instrument developed to identify the factors influencing BCT adoption in Malaysian hospitals. The questionnaire was developed by adapting Technology-Organizational-Environment (TOE) framework and related studies constructs’ items. To the best of our knowledge, this study represents one of the earliest attempts to investigate the adoption of BCT in Malaysian hospitals at an organizational level. The healthcare sector in Malaysia is subject to rigorous regulations and stands out for its unique approach to providing services. With a vision to become a digital-first nation, Malaysia’s healthcare industry is experiencing rapid growth, with an emphasis on transferring and developing technology to foster innovations, and BCT is one of the leading technologies driving this growth [26, 27] The government of Malaysia is interested in capitalizing on the assets of the country’s current healthcare system to develop a long-term system that is equitable, effective, and efficient as well as adaptive to the quickly changing environment [27, 28]. Consequently,  
   
  The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals  
   
  17  
   
  the healthcare industry must closely monitor changing technology adoption patterns to understand BCT’s possible effects [29]. This paper is planned as follows: The theoretical foundation and proposed model are described in Sect. 2; the methodology used is explained in Sect. 3. The results are presented and discussed in Sect. 4. Lastly, the conclusion is given in Sect. 5.  
   
  2 Theoretical Foundation and Proposed Model In this study, a theoretical lens approach, as recommended by [30] has been employed. This approach is particularly appropriate for studying BCT adoption in Malaysia, where literature on the subject is scarce and the phenomenon is relatively unknown. The theoretical lens approach involves utilizing a well-confirmed theory as a foundation for more exploration of the phenomenon. An extensive review of relevant literature that focused on BCT adoption at the organizational level was conducted to identify a suitable theory for investigating the adoption of BCT in the Malaysian healthcare sector. The most organizational-level theory proposed in this regard includes the TechnologyOrganizational-Environment (TOE) framework [31]. The TOE framework suggests that the decision to adopt new technology at the organizational level is influenced by three contextual factors: technology, organization, and environment. In comparison to other organizational theories, such as the Diffusion of Innovation (DOI) theory [32], the TOE framework provides a more robust underpinning for explaining new technology adoption at an organizational level, as it supplements or overcomes the limitations of other theories [33]. Due to its comprehensiveness and robustness, the TOE framework has been widely used by researchers to understand the adoption of BCT technology in a range of sectors such as automotive [34], construction [35], retail Market [36], energy management [37], supply chain [38, 39], and elderly care [40]. Consequently, based on the empirical evidence, the TOE framework was chosen as a foundational framework for investigating the factors that impact BCT adoption within Malaysia’s healthcare organizations. A theoretical model for this study was developed from the TOE framework. The proposed model posits that the technological, organizational, and environmental contexts may influence BCT adoption in Malaysian hospitals. The technology context encompasses factors such as technology trust and cost-effectiveness, while the organizational context includes organization readiness and top management support. The environmental context consists of competitor pressure and government support (Fig. 1). Technology Trust (TT): It refers to what extent to which a BCT-based system’s availability and performance can be trusted. TT is becoming considered a crucial factor, as the majority of transactions and activities are conducted via the Internet. BCT can strengthen people’s trust in the system’s functioning. In contrast, their trust in a centralized authority can be undermined due to BCT’s technical trust in ensuring the system’s regular operation [41]. Integrating BCT into the healthcare systems can improve transparency, accountability, and the trustworthiness of healthcare organizations [42]. Regarding BCT adoption, trust in technology has been highlighted as an important factor [43]. Cost-Effectiveness (COEF): Cost is a critical issue in determining whether or not senior management will adopt or not adopt the technology [44, 45]. Cost is quantified in  
   
  18  
   
  M. A. Bazel et al.  
   
  Technology Trust Cost Effectiveness  
   
  Top Management Support  
   
  Intention to Adopt Blockchain  
   
  Organizational Readiness  
   
  Competitor Pressure Government Support Fig. 1. The proposed Model.  
   
  terms of cost-effectiveness, suggesting that the advantages of adopting new technology outweigh the costs [46]. BCT involves an organization’s investment, which implies that a cost is required for its acquisition. The primary benefits of BCT are cost savings and increased efficiency and security of corporate activities [47]. Since using BCT can produce faster and more accurate results while saving time and money [16], it is important of realizing the effect of COEF on adoption’s decision-making. Top Management Support (TMS) is defined as the degree to which a top manager recognizes and participates in technology adoption [48]. In the case of new technologies, long-term vision and support from top managers are crucial due to their high cost and complexity and the need for collaboration among partners [31]. Top management commitment can aid in the new technology adoption [49]. The studies [50, 51] have emphasized the beneficial function of TMS in fostering BCT adoption. Organizational Readiness (OR): It refers to an organization’s capacity to allocate financial resources, technological resources (which includes physical IT infrastructure), human resources with IT skills, and intangible resources, such as know-how and culture, to particular technology adoption [52, 53]. Generally, businesses that have a more thorough organizational structure are more likely to adopt novel technologies [54]. Organizational readiness is recognized as one of the most critical organizational factors impacting BCT adoption [40, 50]. Competitive Pressure (COM) is defined as the extent to which an organization experiences pressure from its rivals in the market [55]. Such pressure compels organizations to quickly adopt new technologies to increase their business performance and gain a  
   
  The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals  
   
  19  
   
  competitive advantage [37, 56]. A study conducted [57] demonstrated the significant influence of competitive pressure on adopting HIS within Malaysian hospitals. BCT’s improved efficiency and transparency give the organization an advantage over the competition [58, 59]. Competitive pressure was identified to be a significant factor influencing BCT adoption within Malaysian organizations [60]. Government Support (GOV): Governmental support is widely recognized as a crucial driving force in the organizational adoption of new technologies [31, 61, 62]. Governments play a crucial role in developing policies, regulations, and facilities aimed at encouraging the adoption of new technologies by organizations [63]. Koster & Borgman [64] stated that government pressure has a significant role in accelerating the adoption of BCT. According to [65]. Healthcare organizations are predominantly public or private healthcare firms regulated and controlled by the government [40]. Thus, government assistance and policies may influence BCT’s development and adoption, either directly or indirectly [66, 67].  
   
  3 Research Methodology 3.1 Instrument Design To evaluate the validity and reliability of the proposed model, preliminary data were collected using a survey questionnaire, which was developed based on concepts found in prior research on the adoption of BCT and the TOE framework, a theory related to technology adoption. Based on the available literature, the survey questionnaire was designed to assess respondents’ perceptions of the six factors outlined in the proposed model, all of which are believed to impact the adoption of BCT within hospitals. Thus, it was necessary to establish the scales for these factors. The description of each construct was assessed based on the studies and theory employed to create the instrument scales, and the dimensions of each construct were determined. The items were revised to measure each dimension according to the specific context of inquiry (BCT in healthcare). Table 1 provides a list of the constructs, their number of items, and the relevant references. All items related to the constructs in the proposed model were rated using a five-point Likert scale, where 1 represented “strongly disagree” and 5 represented “strongly agree.” Table 1. Measurement of constructs Variable  
   
  No of items  
   
  Source  
   
  Technology Trust  
   
  5  
   
  [42]  
   
  Cost-Effectiveness  
   
  6  
   
  [38, 68]  
   
  Organizational Readiness  
   
  4  
   
  [35]  
   
  Top managers support  
   
  6  
   
  [58, 69]  
   
  Competitor Pressure  
   
  5  
   
  [69]  
   
  Government Support  
   
  5  
   
  [35]  
   
  Intention to adopt Blockchain  
   
  4  
   
  [69]  
   
  20  
   
  M. A. Bazel et al.  
   
  3.2 Validation Validation of the survey instrument is essential to guarantee clarity and lack of ambiguity in the questions. Before conducting the pilot study, this study’s survey instrument was validated by five academic experts, who provided feedback on the structure of some questions and suggested changes to eliminate any ambiguity. Based on the experts’ recommendations, modifications were made to the instrument, and its content validity was recognized. 3.3 Pilot Study A pilot study surveyed a smaller subset of respondents to provide feedback on the final data-collecting process [70]. The pilot study allows for assessing the instrument’s reliability and identifies any measures that may need to be removed to improve the scale’s reliability. In this study, a pilot survey was administered online to top/mid-level managers, including senior managers, IT managers, executive managers, and CIOs, working in Malaysian hospitals, who are the intended audience for this research. The online survey is advantageous as respondents be able to complete it at their appropriateness. IT expert from each targeted hospital was contacted by email and provided with the questionnaire link, requesting that they distribute it to their colleagues. Twenty-five responses were received in one month. The collected data was analyzed using Smart PLS 4.0. Cronbach’s alpha, composite reliability tests, and indicator reliability for each item were used to determine the instrument’s level of reliability. The measure’s validity was further tested by conducting convergent and discriminant validity analyses.  
   
  4 Results and Discussion 4.1 Reliability of Constructs Two crucial criteria can assess the reliability of constructs in the research framework. The first criterion is internal consistency reliability, usually evaluated using Cronbach’s alpha and composite reliability (CR). Cronbach’s alpha implies that all indicators measuring each construct should be reliable and evaluates reliability based on the correlations between the observed indicator variables. In contrast, CR considers the various outer loadings of the indicator variables [71]. The second criterion is indicator reliability. It considers the significance of all the indicators’ outer loadings, which are recommended to be above 0.70 to be deemed acceptable [72]. The CR and Cronbach’s alpha coefficients range from 0 to 1, with higher values demonstrating more reliability. Specifically, in exploratory research, a range of 0.60 to 0.70 is considered acceptable, while a range of 0.70 to 0.90 is considered satisfactory [73]. However, a coefficient value below 0.60 is deemed unacceptable, indicating a lack of reliability of internal consistency [72]. As shown in Table 2, all constructs in the survey exhibited both Cronbach’s alpha and CR coefficients that exceeded the suggested minimum level of 0.70. The analysis revealed that the constructs had CR values ranging from 0.871 to 0.909, and Cronbach’s alpha values ranging from 0.807 to 0.882, indicating satisfactory and acceptable internal consistency reliability.  
   
  The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals  
   
  21  
   
  For assessing the indicator reliability, the outer loading value of items should be greater than 0.708 [72]. Values between 0.4 and 0.7 should be eliminated, as their removal may increase the average variance extracted (AVE) or CR values. As shown in Table 2, the outer loadings of all constructs are well above the threshold value of 0.7, except for one item TMS1 under the threshold value of 0.533. However, this indicator loading below the threshold was not removed from the final model because its removal did not affect the AVE’s value of that construct. The result implies that all items exceeded the predefined level. Hence, construct reliability is assumed considering the internal consistency and indicator reliability. Table 2. Internal consistency reliability, indicator reliability, and convergent validity Construct  
   
  Items  
   
  Outer loadings  
   
  Cronbach’s alpha  
   
  CR  
   
  AVE  
   
  Cost Effectiveness (COEF)  
   
  COEF1  
   
  0.782  
   
  0.882  
   
  0.909  
   
  0.624  
   
  COEF2  
   
  0.823  
   
  COEF3  
   
  0.822  
   
  COEF4  
   
  0.828  
   
  COEF5  
   
  0.750  
   
  COEF6  
   
  0.731  
   
  COM1  
   
  0.798  
   
  0.856  
   
  0.897  
   
  0.638  
   
  COM2  
   
  0.887  
   
  COM3  
   
  0.770  
   
  COM4  
   
  0.862  
   
  COM5  
   
  0.755  
   
  GOV1  
   
  0.735  
   
  0.839  
   
  0.886  
   
  0.612  
   
  GOV2  
   
  0.701  
   
  GOV3  
   
  0.897  
   
  GOV4  
   
  0.853  
   
  GOV5  
   
  0.736  
   
  INT1  
   
  0.834  
   
  0.878  
   
  0.916  
   
  0.732  
   
  INT2  
   
  0.861  
   
  INT3  
   
  0.908  
   
  INT4  
   
  0.816  
   
  OR1  
   
  0.739  
   
  0.807  
   
  0.871  
   
  0.628  
   
  OR2  
   
  0.824  
   
  OR3  
   
  0.801  
   
  OR4  
   
  0.802  
   
  Competitor Pressure (COM)  
   
  Government Support (GOV)  
   
  Intention to Adopt Blockchain (INT) Organizational Readiness (OR)  
   
  (continued)  
   
  22  
   
  M. A. Bazel et al. Table 2. (continued)  
   
  Construct  
   
  Items  
   
  Outer loadings  
   
  Cronbach’s alpha  
   
  CR  
   
  AVE  
   
  Top Managers Support (TMS)  
   
  TMS1  
   
  0.533*  
   
  0.858  
   
  0.897  
   
  0.596  
   
  TMS2  
   
  0.854  
   
  TMS3  
   
  0.778  
   
  TMS4  
   
  0.727  
   
  TMS5  
   
  0.874  
   
  TMS6  
   
  0.818  
   
  TT1  
   
  0.727  
   
  0.841  
   
  0.886  
   
  0.611  
   
  TT2  
   
  0.725  
   
  TT3  
   
  0.800  
   
  TT4  
   
  0.864  
   
  TT5  
   
  0.783  
   
  Technology Trust (TT)  
   
  4.2 Validity of Constructs The constructs’ validity has been evaluated using the two most widely recognized forms of validity, which are convergent and discriminant validity [72, 73]. The convergent validity was measured by examining the AVE values for each construct. As presented above in Table 2, the AVE values for all constructs exceeded the minimum threshold of 0.5 [72], confirming the convergent validity of the constructs in the proposed model. The discriminant validity describes a construct’s ability to be differentiated from other constructs using measurable standards [72, 73]. To establish discriminant validity, this study employed the cross-loadings matrix, the Fornell-Larker criterion, and the Heterotrait Monotrait ratio of correlations (HTMT) [72, 73]. The loading value of a construct should exceed all other loadings in different constructs to ensure discriminant validity [72, 73]. This criterion can help minimize the presence of multicollinearity among latent variables by ensuring that the AVE value of the latent variable is higher than all other variables [74]. If the loading value for other constructs exceeds that of the construct in question, it suggests a potential problem with discriminant validity [72, 73]. Table 3 displays the cross-loading matrix, with bolded values indicating the items’ loading on its assigned construct. The findings demonstrate that each item has a higher loading on its assigned construct than on any other constructs in the model. The Fornell-Larcker criterion is a method of analysis that compares the square root of the AVE value with the correlation value of the construct exhibiting the highest value in any row or column to the highest correlation value of any other construct [72, 73]. This method is based on the premise that latent variables should account for more variance in the item measure than other latent variables. Table 4 validates that the AVE  
   
  The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals  
   
  23  
   
  Table 3. Discriminant validity based on cross-loadings matrix COEF  
   
  COM  
   
  GOV  
   
  INT  
   
  OR  
   
  TMS  
   
  TT  
   
  COEF1  
   
  0.782  
   
  0.368  
   
  0.406  
   
  0.177  
   
  0.537  
   
  0.358  
   
  0.259  
   
  COEF2  
   
  0.823  
   
  0.389  
   
  0.468  
   
  0.256  
   
  0.476  
   
  0.265  
   
  0.168  
   
  COEF3  
   
  0.822  
   
  0.334  
   
  0.237  
   
  0.164  
   
  0.548  
   
  0.230  
   
  0.261  
   
  COEF4  
   
  0.828  
   
  0.325  
   
  0.311  
   
  0.281  
   
  0.713  
   
  0.337  
   
  0.288  
   
  COEF5  
   
  0.750  
   
  0.404  
   
  0.522  
   
  0.322  
   
  0.532  
   
  0.379  
   
  0.217  
   
  COEF6  
   
  0.731  
   
  0.417  
   
  0.350  
   
  0.368  
   
  0.682  
   
  0.600  
   
  0.332  
   
  COM1  
   
  0.375  
   
  0.798  
   
  0.553  
   
  0.598  
   
  0.431  
   
  0.697  
   
  0.365  
   
  COM2  
   
  0.407  
   
  0.887  
   
  0.773  
   
  0.672  
   
  0.537  
   
  0.496  
   
  0.537  
   
  COM3  
   
  0.570  
   
  0.770  
   
  0.590  
   
  0.420  
   
  0.569  
   
  0.587  
   
  0.461  
   
  COM4  
   
  0.398  
   
  0.862  
   
  0.743  
   
  0.649  
   
  0.489  
   
  0.451  
   
  0.468  
   
  COM5  
   
  0.202  
   
  0.655  
   
  0.309  
   
  0.403  
   
  0.026  
   
  0.440  
   
  0.166  
   
  GOV1  
   
  0.365  
   
  0.404  
   
  0.735  
   
  0.481  
   
  0.471  
   
  0.374  
   
  0.377  
   
  GOV2  
   
  0.569  
   
  0.616  
   
  0.670  
   
  0.373  
   
  0.345  
   
  0.320  
   
  0.327  
   
  GOV3  
   
  0.574  
   
  0.695  
   
  0.897  
   
  0.618  
   
  0.653  
   
  0.560  
   
  0.537  
   
  GOV4  
   
  0.354  
   
  0.760  
   
  0.853  
   
  0.649  
   
  0.409  
   
  0.517  
   
  0.544  
   
  GOV5  
   
  0.147  
   
  0.501  
   
  0.736  
   
  0.520  
   
  0.334  
   
  0.295  
   
  0.497  
   
  INT1  
   
  0.289  
   
  0.629  
   
  0.556  
   
  0.834  
   
  0.651  
   
  0.690  
   
  0.503  
   
  INT2  
   
  0.216  
   
  0.542  
   
  0.554  
   
  0.861  
   
  0.479  
   
  0.553  
   
  0.478  
   
  INT3  
   
  0.295  
   
  0.642  
   
  0.643  
   
  0.908  
   
  0.469  
   
  0.493  
   
  0.275  
   
  INT4  
   
  0.440  
   
  0.596  
   
  0.611  
   
  0.816  
   
  0.482  
   
  0.583  
   
  0.151  
   
  OR1  
   
  0.824  
   
  0.317  
   
  0.309  
   
  0.366  
   
  0.739  
   
  0.458  
   
  0.062  
   
  OR2  
   
  0.607  
   
  0.344  
   
  0.351  
   
  0.420  
   
  0.824  
   
  0.420  
   
  0.296  
   
  OR3  
   
  0.392  
   
  0.383  
   
  0.307  
   
  0.457  
   
  0.801  
   
  0.408  
   
  0.427  
   
  OR4  
   
  0.622  
   
  0.571  
   
  0.714  
   
  0.631  
   
  0.802  
   
  0.564  
   
  0.527  
   
  TMS1  
   
  0.428  
   
  0.533  
   
  0.698  
   
  0.575  
   
  0.552  
   
  0.533  
   
  0.360  
   
  TMS2  
   
  0.469  
   
  0.366  
   
  0.255  
   
  0.465  
   
  0.551  
   
  0.854  
   
  0.158  
   
  TMS3  
   
  0.312  
   
  0.457  
   
  0.213  
   
  0.561  
   
  0.443  
   
  0.778  
   
  −0.009  
   
  TMS4  
   
  0.262  
   
  0.581  
   
  0.263  
   
  0.352  
   
  0.234  
   
  0.727  
   
  0.073  
   
  TMS5  
   
  0.251  
   
  0.556  
   
  0.441  
   
  0.608  
   
  0.368  
   
  0.874  
   
  0.331  
   
  TMS6  
   
  0.547  
   
  0.534  
   
  0.534  
   
  0.482  
   
  0.528  
   
  0.818  
   
  0.388  
   
  TT1  
   
  0.412  
   
  0.530  
   
  0.332  
   
  0.355  
   
  0.404  
   
  0.399  
   
  0.727  
   
  TT2  
   
  −0.007  
   
  0.350  
   
  0.435  
   
  0.208  
   
  0.144  
   
  0.110  
   
  0.725 (continued)  
   
  24  
   
  M. A. Bazel et al. Table 3. (continued) COEF  
   
  COM  
   
  GOV  
   
  INT  
   
  OR  
   
  TMS  
   
  TT  
   
  TT3  
   
  0.216  
   
  0.392  
   
  0.598  
   
  0.299  
   
  0.316  
   
  0.376  
   
  0.800  
   
  TT4  
   
  0.210  
   
  0.444  
   
  0.501  
   
  0.338  
   
  0.230  
   
  0.124  
   
  0.864  
   
  TT5  
   
  0.333  
   
  0.291  
   
  0.474  
   
  0.392  
   
  0.561  
   
  0.132  
   
  0.783  
   
  squared values are greater than the correlation values for each other construct. Thus, the discriminant validity of the constructs based on the Fornell-Larcker criterion was confirmed. Table 4. Discriminant validity based on Fornell-Larker criterion COEF  
   
  COM  
   
  GOV  
   
  INT  
   
  OR  
   
  TMS  
   
  COEF  
   
  0.790  
   
  COM  
   
  0.485  
   
  0.799  
   
  GOV  
   
  0.501  
   
  0.768  
   
  0.783  
   
  INT  
   
  0.360  
   
  0.707  
   
  0.690  
   
  0.855  
   
  OR  
   
  0.757  
   
  0.534  
   
  0.572  
   
  0.616  
   
  0.792  
   
  TMS  
   
  0.494  
   
  0.661  
   
  0.542  
   
  0.684  
   
  0.596  
   
  0.772  
   
  TT  
   
  0.330  
   
  0.515  
   
  0.595  
   
  0.422  
   
  0.453  
   
  0.297  
   
  TT  
   
  0.781  
   
  To further identify any lack of discriminant validity, this study also evaluated HTMT. Based on the findings presented in Table 5, it can be confirmed that this study has achieved discriminant validity. This is a result of the poor correlation found between the constructs, as indicated by the HTMT values below 0.90 [72, 73]. Table 5. Discriminant validity based on HTMT COEF  
   
  COM  
   
  GOV  
   
  INT  
   
  OR  
   
  TMS  
   
  COEF COM  
   
  0.548  
   
  GOV  
   
  0.592  
   
  0.883  
   
  INT  
   
  0.383  
   
  0.791  
   
  0.792  
   
  OR  
   
  0.881  
   
  0.605  
   
  0.638  
   
  0.690  
   
  TMS  
   
  0.525  
   
  0.782  
   
  0.610  
   
  0.756  
   
  0.686  
   
  TT  
   
  0.353  
   
  0.602  
   
  0.702  
   
  0.462  
   
  0.506  
   
  0.404  
   
  TT  
   
  The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals  
   
  25  
   
  Based on the results obtained from the three methods described above, compelling evidence supports the discriminant validity of the research constructs proposed in the model. Consequently, the measurements have been successfully validated by analyzing construct reliability and validity.  
   
  5 Conclusion Blockchain technology has the possibility to improve the privacy, security, and authenticity of data, and solve the main issues in the current healthcare sector. However, its adoption is low and several factors may influence the decision. Encouraging healthcare institutions in Malaysia to implement and promote BCT requires an understanding of the factors influencing hospitals’ adoption of BCT. This study validated the instrument developed to examine the impact of technology trust, cost-effectiveness, organization readiness, top management support, competitor pressure, and government support on hospitals’ intention to adopt BCT. Measurements were modified from previous studies to fit the present investigation better. The instrument’s content validity was assessed by obtaining feedback from five academic staff and information system researchers. A pilot test was conducted to examine the reliability and validity of the instrument. The results have provided preliminary support for the model constructs and instruments utilized to evaluate the adoption of BCT in Malaysian hospitals. The reliability of the model constructs was established, with all constructs exhibiting composite reliability and Cronbach’s alpha coefficients that exceeded the recommended threshold. The convergent and discriminant validity analysis exhibited that all constructs have a satisfactory level of validity. As a result, the questionnaire is valid for use in large-scale data collection. In the context of hospitals’ adoption of BCTs, this study is one of the few to evaluate the reliability and validity of a questionnaire based on a TOE framework. This might contribute to a better understanding of BCT adoption in developing countries’ healthcare institutions, specifically Malaysia.  
   
  References 1. Frizzo-Barker, J., Chow-White, P.A., Adams, P.R., Mentanko, J., Ha, D., Green, S.: Blockchain as a disruptive technology for business: a systematic review. Int. J. Inf. Manage. 51, 102029 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijinfomgt.2019.10.014 2. Engelhardt, M.A., Espinosa, D.: Hitching healthcare to the chain : an introduction to blockchain technology in the healthcare sector an introduction to blockchain technology in the healthcare sector. Technol. Innov. Manag. Rev. 7(10), 22–35 (2017) 3. Hölbl, M., Kompara, M., Kamišali, A.: A systematic review of the use of blockchain in healthcare (2018). https://doi.org/10.3390/sym10100470 4. Nakamoto, S.: Bitcoin: a peer-to-peer electronic cash system. Decentralized Bus. Rev. 21260 (2008) 5. Esmaeilzadeh, P., Mirzaei, T.: The potential of blockchain technology for health information exchange: experimental study from patients’ perspectives. J. Med. Internet Res. 21(6), e14184 (2019). https://doi.org/10.2196/14184 6. Mackey, T., Bekki, H., Matsuzaki, T., Mizushima, H.: Examining the potential of blockchain technology to meet the needs of 21st-century Japanese health care: viewpoint on use cases and policy. J. Med. Internet Res. 22(1), e13649 (2020). https://doi.org/10.2196/13649  
   
  26  
   
  M. A. Bazel et al.  
   
  7. Tandon, A., Dhir, A., Islam, A.K.M.N., Mäntymäki, M.: Computers in industry blockchain in healthcare : a systematic literature review, synthesizing framework and future research agenda. Comput. Ind. 122, 103290 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.compind.2020.103290 8. Bazel, M.A., Mohammed, F., Ahmed, M.: Blockchain Technology in Healthcare Big Data Management : Benefits, Applications and Challenges (2021) 9. Dubovitskaya, A., Novotny, P., Xu, Z., Wang, F.: Applications of blockchain technology for data-sharing in oncology: results from a systematic literature review. Oncology 98(6), 403–411 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1159/000504325 10. Ismail, L., Materwala, H.: Blockchain paradigm for healthcare: performance evaluation. Symmetry (Basel) 12(8), 1200 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3390/SYM12081200 11. Katuwal, .J., Pandey, S., Hennessey, M., Lamichhane, B.: Applications of blockchain in healthcare: current landscape & challenges, December 2018. https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.027 76v1. Accessed 15 November 2021 12. Syafiqa, I., Mudaris, M.: Electronic Health Records : Planning the Foundation for Digital Healthcare in Malaysia, August 2021 13. Alabboodi, A.S.: Review on security and privacy issues in health information systems adoption and usage. Ijar 6(11), 96–102 (2020). https://scholar.google.com/scholar?oi=bibs&cluster= 10513046276192991222&btnI=1&hl=en 14. Bazel, M.A., Ahmad, M., Mohammed, F.: Hospital information systems in Malaysia: current issues and blockchain technology as a solution. In: 2022 2nd International Conference on Emerging Smart Technologies and Applications (eSmarTA), pp. 1–7 (2022) 15. Hira, F.A., Khalid, H., Abdul, S.Z.: A conceptual framework to investigate health professionals’ blockchain technology adoption readiness in Malaysia, vol. 9, no. 2, pp. 58–66 (2021) 16. Tanwar, S., Parekh, K., Evans, R.: Blockchain-based electronic healthcare record system for healthcare 4.0 applications. J. Inf. Secur. Appl. 50, 102407 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/J. JISA.2019.102407 17. Gökalp, E., Gökalp, M.O., Çoban, S., Eren, P.E.: Analysing opportunities and challenges of integrated blockchain technologies in healthcare. In: Eurosymposium on Systems Analysis and Design, pp. 174–183 (2018) 18. Hira, F.A., Khalid, H., Rasid, S.Z.A., Baskaran, S., Moshiul, A.M.: Blockchain technology implementation for medical data management in Malaysia: potential, need and challenges (2022) 19. Mamun, Q.: Blockchain technology in the future of healthcare. Smart Heal. 23, 100223 (2022) 20. Sharma, M., Joshi, S.: Barriers to blockchain adoption in healthcare industry: an Indian perspective. J. Glob. Oper. Strateg. Sourc. 14(1), 134–169 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1108/ JGOSS-06-2020-0026 21. Ullah, N., Al-Rahmi, W.M., Alzahrani, A.I., Alfarraj, O., Alblehai, F.M.: Blockchain technology adoption in smart learning environments. Sustainability 13(4), 1–18 (2021). https:// doi.org/10.3390/su13041801 22. O. C. D. Models: Global blockchain technology market in the healthcare industry, 2018– 2022 healthcare industry assesses blockchain potential to optimize healthcare workflows and improve, October 2019, pp. 2018–2022 (2022) 23. Alzahrani, A.G., Alhomoud, A., Wills, G.: A framework of the critical factors for healthcare providers to share data securely using blockchain. IEEE Access 10, 41064–41077 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1109/access.2022.3162218 24. Bazel, M.A., Mohammed, F., Ahmad, M.: A systematic review on the adoption of blockchain technology in the healthcare industry. EAI Endorsed Trans. Pervasive Heal. Technol. 9, e4 (2023)  
   
  The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals  
   
  27  
   
  25. Shukla, R.G., Agarwal, A., Shekhar, V.: Leveraging blockchain technology for Indian Healthcare system: an assessment using value-focused thinking approach. J. High Technol. Manag. Res. 32(2), 100415 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.hitech.2021.100415 26. Economic Planning Unit Prime Minister’s Department, “Malaysia Digital Economy Blueprint,” Econ. Plan. Unit Prime Minist. Dep., p. 104 (2021) 27. T. M. Plan: A Prosperous, Inclusive, Sustainable Malaysia (2021) 28. M. D. Division: Strategic Framework of the Medical Programme, Ministry of Health 2021– 2025, vol. 20 (2020) 29. Milik, O.H.: National Blockchain Roadmap (2021) 30. Creswell, J.W., Creswell, J.D.: Research Design: Qualitative, Quantitative, and Mixed Methods Approaches. Sage Publications, Thousand Oaks (2017) 31. Tornatzky, L.G., Fleischer, M., Chakrabarti, A.K.: Processes of Technological Innovation. Lexington Books, Lexington (1990) 32. Everett, M.R.: Diffusion of innovations, vol. 12, New York (1995) 33. Oliveira, T., Martins, M.F.: Literature review of information technology adoption models at firm level. Electron. J. Inf. Syst. Eval. 14(1), 110–121 (2011) 34. Supranee, S., Rotchanakitumnuai, S.: The acceptance of the application of blockchain technology in the supply chain process of the Thai automotive industry. In: Proceedings of the International Conference on Electronic Business (ICEB), vol. 2017-December, pp. 252–257 (2017). https://www.scopus.com/inward/record.uri?eid=2-s2.0-85057736431& partnerID=40&md5=cf2bf8d539187392ff51b7f5d23afabb 35. Badi, S., Ochieng, E., Nasaj, M., Papadaki, M.: Technological, organisational and environmental determinants of smart contracts adoption: UK construction sector viewpoint. Constr. Manag. Econ. 39, 1–19 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1080/01446193.2020.1819549 36. Miraz, M.H., et al.: Factors affecting implementation of blockchain in retail market in Malaysia. Int. J. Supply Chain Manag. 9(1), 385–391 (2020). http://excelingtech.co.uk/. Accessed 5 July 2021 37. Wamba, S.F., et al.: Dynamics between blockchain adoption determinants and supply chain performance: an empirical investigation. Int. J. Prod. Econ. 2021, 1–17 (2020). https://doi. org/10.1080/00207543.2020.1803511 38. Wong, L.-W., Tan, G.W.-H., Lee, V.-H., Ooi, K.-B., Sohal, A.: Unearthing the determinants of Blockchain adoption in supply chain management. Int. J. Prod. Res. 58(7), 2100–2123 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1080/00207543.2020.1730463 39. Malik, S., Chadhar, M., Chetty, M.: Factors affecting the organizational adoption of blockchain technology: an Australian perspective. In: Proceedings of the Annual Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences, vol. 2020-January, pp. 5597– 5606 (2021). https://www.scopus.com/inward/record.uri?eid=2-s2.0-85108362939&partne rID=40&md5=222b484da728b74c098e74e162bfcd90 40. Lu, L., Liang, C., Gu, D., Ma, Y., Xie, Y., Zhao, S.: What advantages of blockchain affect its adoption in the elderly care industry? A study based on the technology–organisation– environment framework. Technol. Soc. 67, 101786 (2021) 41. De Filippi, P., Mannan, M., Reijers, W.: Blockchain as a confidence machine: the problem of trust & challenges of governance. Technol. Soc. 62, 101284 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.techsoc.2020.101284 42. Queiroz, M.M., Fosso Wamba, S., De Bourmont, M., Telles, R.: Blockchain adoption in operations and supply chain management: empirical evidence from an emerging economy. Int. J. Prod. Res. 59, 6087–6103 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1080/00207543.2020.1803511 43. Wanitcharakkhakul, L., Rotchanakitumnuai, S.: Blockchain technology acceptance in electronic medical record system. In: Proceedings of the International Conference on Electronic Business (ICEB), 2017, vol. 2017-December, pp. 53–58 (2017). https://www.scopus.com/  
   
  28  
   
  44. 45. 46.  
   
  47.  
   
  48.  
   
  49.  
   
  50.  
   
  51.  
   
  52. 53. 54. 55.  
   
  56.  
   
  57.  
   
  58.  
   
  59.  
   
  60.  
   
  M. A. Bazel et al. inward/record.uri?eid=2-s2.0-85057753091&partnerID=40&md5=ce47128cdf34f6c268 656ea80e6d4277 Mousa, M.A.S.: Determinants of cloud based E-Government in Libya. J. Crit. Rev. 7(13), 2239–2248 (2020). http://www.jcreview.com/fulltext/197-1596886870.pdf Mohammed, F., Bin Ibrahim, O.: Drivers of cloud computing adoption for e-government services implementation. Int. J. Distrib. Syst. Technol. 6(1), 1–14 (2015) Premkumar, G., Ramamurthy, K.: The role of interorganizational and organizational factors on the decision mode for adoption of interorganizational systems. Decis. Sci. 26(3), 303–336 (1995) Sciarelli, M., Prisco, A., Gheith, M.H., Muto, V.: Factors affecting the adoption of blockchain technology in innovative Italian companies: an extended TAM approach. J. Strateg. Manag. 15, 495–507 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1108/JSMA-02-2021-0054 Lian, J.-W., Yen, D.C., Wang, Y.-T.: An exploratory study to understand the critical factors affecting the decision to adopt cloud computing in Taiwan hospital. Int. J. Inf. Manage. 34(1), 28–36 (2014) Wong, L.-W., Leong, L.-Y., Hew, J.-J., Tan, G.W.-H., Ooi, K.-B.: Time to seize the digital evolution: adoption of blockchain in operations and supply chain management among Malaysian SMEs. Int. J. Inf. Manage. 52, 101997 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijinfomgt. 2019.08.005 Clohessy, T., Acton, T.: Investigating the influence of organizational factors on blockchain adoption: an innovation theory perspective. Ind. Manag. Data Syst. 119(7), 1457–1491 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1108/IMDS-08-2018-0365 Kumar Bhardwaj, A., Garg, A., Gajpal, Y.: Determinants of blockchain technology adoption in supply chains by Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in India. Math. Probl. Eng. 2021, 1–14 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1155/2021/5537395 Grant, M.J., Booth, A.: A typology of reviews: an analysis of 14 review types and associated methodologies. Heal. Inf. Libr. J. 26(2), 91–108 (2009) Iacovou, C.L., Benbasat, I., Dexter, A.S.: Electronic data interchange and small organizations: adoption and impact of technology. MIS Q. 19, 465–485 (1995) Gangwar, H., Date, H., Ramaswamy, R.: Understanding determinants of cloud computing adoption using an integrated TAM-TOE model. J. Enterp. Inf. Manag. 28, 107–130 (2015) Zhang, N., Lu, S.F., Xu, B., Wu, B., Rodriguez-Monguio, R., Gurwitz, J.: Health information technologies: which nursing homes adopted them? J. Am. Med. Dir. Assoc. 17(5), 441–447 (2016) El-Haddadeh, R., Osmani, M., Hindi, N., Fadlalla, A.: Value creation for realising the sustainable development goals: fostering organisational adoption of big data analytics. J. Bus. Res. 131, 402–410 (2021) Ahmadi, H., Nilashi, M., Ibrahim, O.: Organizational decision to adopt hospital information system: an empirical investigation in the case of Malaysian public hospitals. Int. J. Med. Inform. 84(3), 166–188 (2015) Malik, S., Chadhar, M., Vatanasakdakul, S., Chetty, M.: Factors Affecting the Organizational Adoption of Blockchain Technology : Extending the Technology – Organization – Environment (TOE) Framework in the Australian Context (2021) Aslam, J., Saleem, A., Khan, N.T., Kim, Y.B.: Factors influencing blockchain adoption in supply chain management practices: a study based on the oil industry. J. Innov. Knowl. 6(2), 124–134 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jik.2021.01.002 Wong, L.W., Leong, L.Y., Hew, J.J., Tan, G.W.H., Ooi, K.B.: Time to seize the digital evolution: adoption of blockchain in operations and supply chain management among Malaysian SMEs. Int. J. Inf. Manage. 52, 101997 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijinfomgt. 2019.08.005  
   
  The Factors Influencing Blockchain Adoption in Hospitals  
   
  29  
   
  61. Mangla, S.K., Kazancoglu, Y., Ekinci, E., Liu, M., Özbiltekin, M., Sezer, M.D.: Using system dynamics to analyze the societal impacts of blockchain technology in milk supply chainsrefer. Transp. Res. Part E Logist. Transp. Rev. 149, 102289 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tre. 2021.102289 62. Holotiuk, F., Moormann, J.: Organizational adoption of digital innovation: the case of blockchain technology (2018). https://www.scopus.com/inward/record.uri?eid=2-s2.0-850 61297687&partnerID=40&md5=6b10ef3a43b01d9aa50886748ee1bb99 63. Bag, S., Viktorovich, D.A., Sahu, A.K., Sahu, A.K.: Barriers to adoption of blockchain technology in green supply chain management. J. Glob. Oper. Strateg. Sourc. 14(1), 104–133 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1108/JGOSS-06-2020-0027 64. Koster, F., Borgman, H.P.: New Kid on the block! Understanding blockchain adoption in the public sector. In: Proceedings of the Annual Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences, vol. 2020-January, pp. 1770–1779 (2020). https://www.scopus.com/inward/record. uri?eid=2-s2.0-85090763721&partnerID=40&md5=0efb864d96c8f905ddfdb32df4501f8b 65. De Castro, P., Tanner, M., Johnston, K.: Perceived factors influencing blockchain adoption in the asset and wealth management industry in the Western Cape, South Africa. In: International Development Informatics Association Conference, pp. 48–62 (2020) 66. Liang, H., Saraf, N., Hu, Q., Xue, Y.: Assimilation of enterprise systems: the effect of institutional pressures and the mediating role of top management. MIS Q. 31, 59–87 (2007) 67. Fosso Wamba, S., Queiroz, M.M., Trinchera, L.: Dynamics between blockchain adoption determinants and supply chain performance: an empirical investigation. Int. J. Prod. Econ. 229, 107791 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijpe.2020.107791 68. Choi, D., Chung, C.Y., Seyha, T., Young, J.: Factors affecting organizations’ resistance to the adoption of blockchain technology in supply networks. Sustain. 12(21), 1–37 (2020). https:// doi.org/10.3390/su12218882 69. Choi, D., Chung, C.Y., Seyha, T., Young, J.: Factors affecting organizations’ resistance to the adoption of blockchain technology in supply networks. Sustainability 12(21), 1–37 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3390/su12218882 70. Mohammed, F., Ibrahim, O., Nilashi, M., Alzurqa, E.: Cloud computing adoption model for e-government implementation. Inf. Dev. 33(3), 303–323 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1177/026 6666916656033 71. Sarstedt, M., Hair, J.F., Ringle, C.M., Liengaard, B.D.: Progress in partial least squares structural equation modeling use in marketing research in the last decade. Psychol. Mark. 39, 1035–1064 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1002/mar.21640 72. Query ID="Q4" Text="" Hair Jr., J.F., Sarstedt, M., Ringle, C.M., Gudergan, S.P.: Advanced Issues in Partial Least Squares Structural Equation Modeling. Sage Publications, London (2017) 73. Sarstedt, M., Ringle, C.M., Hair, J.F.: Partial least squares structural equation modeling. In: Homburg, C., Klarmann, M., Vomberg, A. (eds.) Handbook of market research, pp. 587–632. Springer, Cham (2022). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-57413-4_15 74. Chin, W.W.: The partial least squares approach to structural equation modeling. Mod. Methods Bus. Res. 295(2), 295–336 (1998)  
   
  Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity Towards Secure Intention Behavior in Online Game Addiction Among Adolescents Wan Mohd Yusoff Wan Yaacob1(B) , Nur Haryani Zakaria2 and Zahurin Mat Aji2  
   
  ,  
   
  1 Politeknik Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin, 02600 Arau, Perlis, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  2 Universiti Utara Malaysia, Sintok, 06010 Bukit Kayu Hitam, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Online game addiction refers to the excessive and compulsive use of online games, leading to negative consequences in various aspects of people’s life. One concerning aspect is that compulsive players may compromise their security and safety while engaging in gaming activities. Despite the growing concern about this issue, there is still much to understand about providing effective protections and interventions, particularly among adolescents. Thus, this paper aims to investigate the relationship between protection motivation and the severity of online game addiction, with a particular focus on secure intention behavior among adolescents affected by online game addiction. A survey was conducted involving 660 late adolescents (aged 17–19 years) from various Higher Learning Institutions (HLIs) in Peninsular Malaysia. The findings revealed that 35% of the participants were addicted to online games, as assessed by the Online Cognition Scale (OCS) and Online Game Addiction Scale (OGAS). The severity of online game addiction significantly impacted secure intention behavior within the online gaming environment. Additionally, protection motivation emerged as a significant predictor of positive security behavior. These results offer new insights and support the existing hypotheses, emphasizing the importance of investigating the impact of online game addiction severity on secure intention behavior. Understanding the relationship between protection motivation and the severity of online game addiction concerning security intention behavior is crucial to prevent adverse outcomes, such as insecure cyber behavior and vulnerability to cyber threats. The findings from this study can contribute to the development of effective interventions and prevention strategies against cyber threats in the context of online gaming. Keywords: Protection Motivation · Addiction Severity · Online Game Addiction and Secure Intention Behavior  
   
  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 30–42, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_3  
   
  Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity  
   
  31  
   
  1 Introduction Online gaming has become an extremely popular and immersive form of entertainment in the digital age, particularly among adolescents. While online games can be a fun and engaging way to pass the time, it can also lead to addiction in some individuals. This addiction can have negative effects on various aspects of their lives, including academic performance, social relationships and mental health. Given the increasing prevalence of online game addiction, it is essential to understand the contributing factors and how they can be prevented and treated. The relationship between protection motivation, the severity of online game addiction and secure intention behavior is an important area of study because it can offer insights into how online game-addicted individuals can protect themselves from potential risks while performing other online activities. In addition, this knowledge can aid the development of interventions and prevention programs for online game addiction. This paper aims to investigate the relationship between protection motivation and the severity of online game addiction in relation to secure intention behavior among online game-addicted adolescents using standardized measures and statistical analysis. The paper is organized as follows; Sect. 1 is the introduction, Sect. 2 reviews the related studies, Sect. 3 elaborates on methodology, Sect. 4 presents the results and findings, and Sect. 5 discusses the importance of secure intention behavior. Finally, Sect. 6 concludes the paper and makes some recommendations for future work. Xu et al. [1] defined online game addiction as a type of gaming disorder characterized by problematic, repetitive and obsessive use of online gaming platforms that results in a significant impairment over an extended period in various domains of life. The characterization of this behavioral addiction is currently being scrutinized and discussed by members of the scientific, medical and gaming community all of which are experts in their respective disciplines [2–5]. For instance, Balakrishnan et al. [6] and Griffiths [7, 8] mentioned that this addiction might be induced by an individual’s engagement in online gaming activities with the intention of achieving a higher responsibility or other wants regardless of the detrimental impacts. The research conducted by Spil Games [9] found that approximately 1.2 billion people worldwide had played games, with 700 million playing online games. This amounts to roughly 17% of the world population and includes players of all categories. The research also revealed that the age group with the highest number of players was 15–24 years, with late adolescents (17–19 years) accounting for about 45% of the total. The integration of online gaming into daily life and routine has contributed to online game addiction among adolescents [10]. Bekir and Çelik [11] also drew attention to this problem when they discover that adolescents constitute the greatest group of people in a community who have been reported to online game addicts on a daily basis. The addictive nature of online games can be attributed to various special features and elements such as flow experience, competition, versatility, unique simulations and captivating plotlines [12]. Intention reflects a person’s determination or willingness to attempt and plan for a behavior that may eventually become a habit [13]. According to Ajzen [14], intention is the key determinant of behavior change. As for Shropshire et al. [15], intention is described as a mental state that represents a commitment to carrying out secure behavior and related actions by individuals in an online gaming environment. Meanwhile, secure  
   
  32  
   
  W. M. Y. W. Yaacob et al.  
   
  intention behavior refers to self-directed instructions to perform actions aimed at attaining secure behavior in the online game environment [16]. As described by prominent scholars [17–20], secure intention behavior is closely related to the concept of information security behavior, which aims to protect individuals or organizations from potential risks and threats. Behavioral intention is the likelihood of translating intentions into actions and it captures both the behavior and commitment levels. Although most behaviors are habitual or triggered by situational cues, forming intentions can be crucial for securing long-term cybersecurity [19]. The evaluation of the intention behavior model is the most debated issue in the IS research field. Previous researchers had revealed inconsistencies in the secure intention behavior related to multiple variables, making it challenging to compare outcomes [21]. In light of this, Briggs et al. [18] also stressed the urgency of finding a comprehensive solution to address these issues.  
   
  2 Related Studies 2.1 Secure Intention Behavior in Information Security Numerous correlational studies have examined the relationship between intention and security factors in information security, suggesting that intention is a predictor of security behavior. One example is the study by Jansen et al. [22], which looked into the impact of fear appeal on user cognition and behavioral intention as a means to minimize the risk of phishing attacks, particularly in the context of cyber threats. Butavicius et al. [17] also investigated the development of trust in technical controls scale to combat phishing attacks, adding to a growing body of literature. Shakela and Jazri [23] determined the spear phishing in financial industries based on experience and awareness. In addition, Goel and Jain [19] suggested new approaches to securing against phishing attacks in the mobile environment, with innovative defense mechanisms integrated into mobile cloud computing. Several researchers have also attempted to develop new models or perspectives on secure intention behavior, while others have conducted systematic literature reviews on intentional behavior related to phishing threat avoidance behavior and mobile phishing attack mitigation [24]. A few correlational studies based on various theories also highlighted that intention is related to security factors that can predict behavior. For example, Lebek et al. [25] conducted a comprehensive synthesis of security results and empirically tested related research models to identify several theories concerning secure intention behavior. They discovered that Protection Motivation Theory (PMT) was influenced by cognitive evaluation. However, the results of the study were only applicable to the employees and co-workers, indicating an improved adherence to information security policies within organizations. The Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB) offers another valuable perspective for exploring the factors that influence information security behavior, which is vulnerable to security breaches [26]. Crossler et al. [27] supported this claim, highlighting the importance of behavioral information security research in protecting and mitigating threats to information assets and computer-based systems. An analysis of the cybersecurity perspective pertaining to mobile usage and digital addiction indicated a positive influence on intention and security behaviors [28]. In addition, the Security Behavior Intention Scale (SeBIS) based on the Serge Egelman Model has gained recognition in  
   
  Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity  
   
  33  
   
  the media and popular press as a tool for measuring young people’s intentions to engage in secure behavior related to cloud services [29]. Furthermore, an empirical investigation was conducted to explore the factors influencing employee information security behavior and analyze the relationship between attitude, subjective norm, and perceived behavioral control using related theories and models [26]. 2.2 Factors Contributing to Online Game Addiction Figure 1 depicts the factors that contribute to online game addiction as suggested by Yaacob et al. [2], which include Salience, Tolerance, Mood Modification, Problems, Conflict, Withdrawal and Relapse. Such factors categorize individuals with a strong inclination towards online game addiction, who are often driven by escapism and the desire to escape their real-life circumstances. It also indicates a strong propensity to develop addictive behaviors while engaging in online gaming, which may lead to negative habits, such as stress, anxiety and other distractions.  
   
  Fig. 1. Factors contributing to online game addiction.  
   
  3 Methodology This study employed a quantitative research approach, utilizing an online survey with the online game addiction scale as its main instrument [5]. This research begins with the development of the scale, which was then distributed via Google Form during scheduled session. The data collection took place over approximately one and a half months, during  
   
  34  
   
  W. M. Y. W. Yaacob et al.  
   
  which adolescents were invited to participate through email and poster announcements. The collected responses were carefully reviewed and compiled until all the necessary details were obtained. The online survey was performed successfully in April 2022 involving 660 late adolescents (17–19 years) from various HLIs including universities, polytechnics and community colleges located in four regions in West Malaysia (Northern, Eastern, Center and Southern). The participants were randomly selected among late adolescents, as recommended by Bekir and Çelik [11] who observed that this particular age range recorded the highest inclination towards online game addiction. The stratified sampling and probability sampling approaches were utilized as the data collection method in order to enrich the results. The sample was split into multiple categories and subsamples were randomly collected from each stratum. This approach enhances the survey’s accuracy since it ensures representation of subgroups in the study. The participants were also explicitly informed that their statements would be treated confidentially and solely utilized by researchers for research purposes. This measure was implemented to improve the privacy aspects concerning the responses provided by the participants. 3.1 Survey Instrument The instrument was adapted from several existing measurements found in literature. These measurements were thoroughly reviewed and deemed highly relevant to the specific context of this study. The two most relevant instruments for assessing security factors (i.e., Cybercognition) are Online Cognition Scale (OCS) and Online Game Addiction Scale (OGAS). A survey questionnaire that meets the research objectives was developed by incorporating two scales and aligning them with the proposed conceptual model and hypotheses. To validate the questionnaire, an expert review session was carried out, involving experts selected based on their experience in the Information Systems (IS) and Information Security domain. Each construct’s measurement scale was designed as a five-point Likert Scale, ranging from 1 to 5, with options ranging from ‘1’ Strongly Disagree to ‘5’ Strongly Agree [30]. The five-point Likert Scale was chosen due to its extensive range and ability to discourage participants from choosing the neutral option. Most importantly, using this scale can help reduce the likelihood of bias in the responses [31]. 3.2 The Measurement of the Severity of Online Game Addiction The severity of online gaming addiction is measured with a related algorithm to assess the answers provided, calculate an addiction index and divide the participants into addicted and non-addicted groups [2]. Previous researchers have performed the process of developing the algorithm, which also involved reliability testing. This algorithm started by calculating the addiction index, which was used to compare the recorded score from the participants in the online survey that contributes to the severity of online game addiction. At the end of this stage, two distinct types of clusters were identified: addicted and non-addicted users. Other data on online gaming activity as well as the seven components outlined in the scale, which were thought to strengthen the efficiency and correlate between the levels of online game addiction, were also evaluated.  
   
  Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity  
   
  35  
   
  3.3 Hypotheses Protection Motivation and Secure Intention Behavior. As highlighted in related studies, secure intention behavior is closely linked to human cognition. For example, Hadlington [32] proposed a hypothesis based on protection motivation emphasizing cognition’s role in cyber security. Similarly, Durak [33] found that human cognition, particularly in cybersecurity, is crucial for developing secure intention behavior among adolescents addicted to online games and who share personal information online. However, Blackwell et al. [34] argued that further empirical evidence is needed to support this assumption, as their study on the predictors of addiction in the context of fear of missing out did not find a significant relationship with extraversion and neuroticism. Despite this, Briggs et al. [18] supported the notion that human cognition positively affects behavior change interventions for cybersecurity. Hadlington [35] also drew inspiration from the study by Sparrow et al. [36] on the cognitive consequences of possessing information on addictive behavior. These findings align with the fundamental importance of cognitive and behavioral concepts in cybersecurity activities, as highlighted by Hadlington in 2013 [32]. Given these arguments and the consistent findings, this study believes that further exploration of the relationship between human factors in cybersecurity and online game addiction in relation to cybersecurity behaviors is urgently needed. By building on the previous arguments and the consistent findings, the current study believes that further exploration of the relationship between human factors in cybersecurity and online game addiction in relation to cybersecurity behaviors is urgently needed [37]. Therefore, the current study proposed the following hypothesis: H1. The protection motivation of respondents positively influences secure intention behavior towards phishing attacks in online game environments. Addiction Severity and Secure Intention Behavior. For the second hypothesis, the assumption was grounded based on what has been discovered by Briggs et al. [18] regarding behavior change intervention for cybersecurity that related to the severity of online game addiction and secure intention behavior. While research on game addiction has been conducted in various multidisciplinary fields such as sociology, psychology and health care over the past decade [38] studies on game addiction in the context of cybersecurity context are still limited. The studies on addiction in biopsychosocial framework and the game addiction scale for adolescents by prominent scholars like Griffiths [39] and Lemmens et al. [40] have been referred as important fundamentals that support the current study. Regarding to human behavior and online game addiction in the cybersecurity perspective, this notion is also supported by Hadlington [37] and Durak [33]. The current study hypothesizes that the factors related to online game addiction would influence secure intention behavior among adolescents. Previous research has shown a significant correlation between online game addiction and secure intention behavior that support this hypothesis [18, 39, 40]. Therefore, the second hypothesis is proposed as follows: H2. The severity of online game addiction positively influences secure intention behavior towards phishing attacks in online game environments.  
   
  36  
   
  W. M. Y. W. Yaacob et al.  
   
  4 Results and Findings 4.1 Demographic Details The questionnaires were distributed to the selected HLI via online and walk-ins. Out of 850 distributed questionnaires, 713 were returned, accounting for an approximate response rate of 82.0%. The rate of questionnaire completion is impressively high with 87.0% of respondents using the online platform, while 13.0% preferred to answer on paper. The collected responses went through data preparation to eliminate any outliers or missing values as part of the data screening procedure. Of the 660 respondents, 355 were males (53.8%) and 305 were females (46.2%), with an average age of 19 years. The proportion is deemed acceptable since Malaysian gamers typically consist of a larger proportion of males in the adolescent age group. The ratio is considered valid for any statistical analysis as there are no sample size assumptions for comparing the two groups [41]. The respondents were distributed across various levels of education, with university students accounting for 16.2%, polytechnic students comprising 68.0% and community college students making up 15.6% of the sample. The participants were selected based on data from the Ministry of Higher Education Malaysia’s website, encompassing urban (60.6% of the sample) and rural settings (39.4% of the sample). Regarding ethnicity, more than 79.1% of the respondents were Malay, while the remaining 20.9% represented ethnic backgrounds. The most common level of education was a diploma (68.2%), followed by a bachelor’s degree (16.2%) and a certificate (15.6%). Table 1 presents a detailed breakdown of the demographic characteristics of the respondents. Table 1. The demographic characteristic of respondents Demographics  
   
  Category  
   
  Frequency  
   
  Percentages  
   
  Gender  
   
  Male  
   
  355  
   
  53.8  
   
  Female  
   
  305  
   
  46.2  
   
  17  
   
  105  
   
  15.9  
   
  18  
   
  135  
   
  20.9  
   
  19  
   
  420  
   
  63.2  
   
  Malay  
   
  Age  
   
  Race  
   
  Education Level  
   
  522  
   
  79.1  
   
  Chinese  
   
  43  
   
  7.0  
   
  India  
   
  36  
   
  5.0  
   
  Others  
   
  59  
   
  9.0  
   
  Bachelor  
   
  62  
   
  9.0  
   
  Diploma  
   
  495  
   
  75.0  
   
  Certificate  
   
  103  
   
  16.0 (continued)  
   
  Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity  
   
  37  
   
  Table 1. (continued) Demographics  
   
  Category  
   
  Frequency  
   
  Percentages  
   
  HLI  
   
  University  
   
  107  
   
  16.2  
   
  Polytechnic  
   
  450  
   
  68.2  
   
  Community College  
   
  103  
   
  15.6  
   
  Urban  
   
  400  
   
  60.6  
   
  Rural  
   
  260  
   
  39.4  
   
  Institution Location  
   
  4.2 The Severity of Online Game Addiction Table 2 displays the scores and corresponding categories of online game addiction, utilizing the algorithm described by Yaacob et al. [2]. The data in the table shows that 35.0% of the sample, comprising 251 out of 660 individuals, were classified as addicted users. In contrast, 409 individuals obtained a score of 3 or below, indicating a non-addicted category. This finding strongly supports the notion that a significant portion of individuals in the sample exhibit a pronounced inclination towards online game addiction. Table 2. Online game addiction level Score  
   
  Amount of user  
   
  Category  
   
  1  
   
  32  
   
  Non-Addicted  
   
  2  
   
  191  
   
  Non-Addicted  
   
  3  
   
  186  
   
  Non-Addicted  
   
  4  
   
  150  
   
  Addicted  
   
  5  
   
  76  
   
  Addicted  
   
  6  
   
  19  
   
  Addicted  
   
  7  
   
  6  
   
  Addicted  
   
  4.3 Hypotheses Testing The outcomes from the hypotheses testing in this study indicated a positive significant effect between all the constructs. The first hypothesis H1 investigated in this study hypothesized that protection motivation should positively influence the secure intention behavior. From the PLS path analysis, it was found that these constructs are positively related at 0.01 of the significance level (β = 0.757, t = 31.683, p < 0.01) (See Table 3). For the second hypothesis H2, the interaction of the severity of online game addiction has a significant effect (β = 0.106, t = 4.149, p < 0.05) on the secure intention behavior.  
   
  38  
   
  W. M. Y. W. Yaacob et al.  
   
  This suggests that the degree of an individual’s addiction to online games positively influences their behavior regarding phishing attacks in the context of online games. (See Table 3). Therefore, H2 is supported. Table 3. Hypotheses testing Hypothesis  
   
  ß  
   
  T Values  
   
  p Values  
   
  95% CI  
   
  Result  
   
  H1  
   
  PM -> SIB  
   
  0.757  
   
  31.683  
   
  0.00***  
   
  0.709, 0.800  
   
  Supported  
   
  H2  
   
  SOGA -> SIB  
   
  0.106  
   
  4.149  
   
  0.00***  
   
  0.160, 0.059  
   
  Supported  
   
  Note. PM = Protection Motivation, SOGA = Severity of Online Game Addiction, SIB = Secure Intention Behavior  
   
  5 Discussion Hypothesis H1 proposed in this study postulates that protection motivation would positively influence secure intention behavior. The analysis of the relationship between protection motivation and secure intention behavior is found to be supported and significant at the level of 0.01 (β = 0.757, t = 31.683, p < 0.01). Most importantly, it indicates that the participants are inclined to avoid sharing personal information in online games to protect themselves from phishing attacks. Furthermore, adolescents are encouraged to follow the practice of not sharing personal information and to act in line with the intention of safeguarding their personal data in online games t to protect themselves from phishing attacks. As a result, they are less likely to click on any message popups that appear while playing online games. The student also should verify any messages and emails that prompt them to provide financial and personal information in the context of online games. Furthermore, they should refrain from responding to messages from unknown sources that request username and password updates, always verifying information before updating online games. Adopting such secure intention behaviors reduces the risk of becoming the falling victim to phishing attacks. This finding justifies that higher protection motivation leads to a greater inclination towards secure intention behavior within the online gaming environment among adolescents. The results obtained from this analysis add to the growing body of research that supports the positive relationship between protection motivation and secure intention behavior from a security perspective [18, 22, 32, 33, 42]. In reviewing the literature, no empirical evidence was found regarding the association between the severity of online game addiction and secure intention behavior (H2) towards phishing attacks in the online gaming environments. Nevertheless, several prior studies [2, 4, 33] have suggested that the severity of online game addiction could significantly influence intentional behavior implementation, leading to the formulation of hypothesis H2. The analysis of the relationship between the severity of online game addiction and secure intention behavior is found to be significant at the level of 0.01 (β = 0.106, t = 4.149, p < 0.05). This aligns with expectations from the literature, which  
   
  Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity  
   
  39  
   
  proposed that the severity of online game addiction would indeed impact the relationship with secure intention behavior [46, 56]. Considering these findings, it can be concluded that the seven factors of online game addiction (salience, tolerance, mood modification, withdrawal, relapse, conflict and problems) positively influence secure intention behavior. For example, the salience factor indicates that gaming activities become adolescents’ primary focus to escape from their daily problems. The tolerance factor highlights the increasing time consumption in playing games over time. The mood modification factor suggests that adolescents experience “high” and “buzz” while playing online games all day. The withdrawal factor leads to an unpleasant and depressed feeling when unable to play online games. The relapse factor results in difficulties reducing the time spent on playing online games. The aspect of conflict within online game addiction pertains to adolescents encountering interpersonal disputes arising from their gaming activities. Finally, these adolescents experience problems such as ignoring other activities, assignments and homework due to excessive engagement in online gaming.  
   
  6 Conclusion and Future Work The study sheds light on the importance of considering protection motivation and the severity of online game addiction in fostering secure intention behavior among adolescents. The findings suggest that protection motivation can positively influence secure intention behavior, while the severity of online game addiction may have a detrimental impact on it. Therefore, interventions addressing both these factors could be essential in promoting safe and responsible online behavior. The findings also highlight the importance of education programs aimed at raising awareness about the risks associated with cybercognition and secure intention behavior. Such programs can play a crucial role in enhancing online safety practices among adolescents. Additionally, counseling and therapy programs may be necessary for individuals exhibiting high levels of online game addiction severity. These programs can address the root causes of addiction and encourage the development of healthy coping mechanisms to ensure better overall well-being. Overall, the study provides valuable insights into the relationship between protection motivation, the severity of online game addiction and secure intention behavior. The findings hold potential to guide the development of interventions that promote safe and responsible online behavior while addressing the negative consequences of online game addiction. Nonetheless, there is still ample room for further research in this field. Future work can build upon these findings and further explore the complex relationships between these variables. Conducting longitudinal studies that track changes in protection motivation, the severity of online game addiction and secure intention behavior over time can provide a more nuanced understanding of these relationships. This can help to identify the specific factors that contribute to changes in these variables over time, leading to the development of targeted interventions. Cross-cultural studies should also be considered to expand the scope of this research. While this study focused on a specific population of late adolescent students in Malaysia, exploring these relationships in different cultural contexts can uncover cultural factors that might influence them. This can lead to the development of culturally appropriate interventions since such studies  
   
  40  
   
  W. M. Y. W. Yaacob et al.  
   
  are essential in this domain. Developing and testing interventions to promote protective behavior and reduce the severity of online game addiction among adolescents can yield valuable insights. Such interventions may include educational programs to raise awareness about the risks associated with cybercognition and therapy programs tailored for individuals with high levels of online game addiction severity. Through these future endeavors, a more comprehensive understanding of the complex relationships between protection motivation, the severity of online game addiction and secure intention behavior in online game addiction among adolescents in the context of online gaming can be achieved. This will contribute significantly to promoting healthier and safer online behaviors among young individuals. Acknowledgement. This research was supported by Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) through Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (Ref: FRGS/1/2020/ICT03/UUM/02/1). The content of this article is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the MoHE, Malaysia.  
   
  References 1. Xu, Z., Turel, O., Yuan, Y.: Online game addiction among adolescents: motivation and prevention factors. Eur. J. Inf. Syst. 21, 321–340 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1057/ejis.2011.56 2. Yaacob, W.M.Y.W., Zakaria, N.H., Aji, Z.M.: Identification of factors contributing to online game addiction among adolescents. Inf. J. Technol. Commun. 4, 565–597 (2021) 3. Van Rooij, A.J., Schoenmakers, T.M., Vermulst, A.A., Van Den Eijnden, R.J.J.M., Van De Mheen, D.: Online video game addiction: identification of addicted adolescent gamers. Addiction 106, 205–212 (2011). https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1360-0443.2010.03104.x 4. Kuss, D.J., Louws, J., Wiers, R.W.: Online gaming addiction? Motives predict addictive play behavior in massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Cyberpsychol. Behav. Soc. Netw. 15, 480–485 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1089/cyber.2012.0034 5. Ba¸sol, G., Kaya, A.B.: Motives and consequences of online game addiction: a scale development study. Noropsikiyatri Arsivi. 55, 225–232 (2018). https://doi.org/10.5152/npa.2017. 17017 6. Balakrishnan, J., Griffiths, M.D.: Loyalty towards online games, gaming addiction, and purchase intention towards online mobile in-game features. Comput. Hum. Behav. 87, 238–246 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chb.2018.06.002 7. Kuss, D.J., Griffiths, M.D.: Online social networking and addiction-a review of the psychological literature. Int. J. Environ. Res. Public Health 8, 3528–3552 (2011). https://doi.org/10. 3390/ijerph8093528 8. Kuss, D.J., Griffiths, M.D.: Internet gaming addiction: a systematic review of empirical research. Mental Health Addict. 10, 278–296 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11469-0119318-5 9. Mojika, E.: Spil Games (2019) 10. Kuss, D.J., Griffiths, M.D.: Internet and gaming addiction: a systematic literature review of neuro imaging studies. Brain Sci. 2, 347–374 (2012). https://doi.org/10.3390/brainsci2 030347 11. Bekir, S., Çelik, E.: Examining the factors contributing to adolescents’ online game addiction. Anales de Psicologia. 35, 444–452 (2019). https://doi.org/10.6018/analesps.35.3.323681  
   
  Exploring the Relationship Between Protection Motivation and Addiction Severity  
   
  41  
   
  12. Meschtscherjakov, A., De Ruyte, B., Fuchsberger, V., Murer, M., Tscheligi, M.: Persuasive technology. In: 11th International Conference, Persuasive 2016 Salzburg, Austria, 5–7 April 2016 Proceedings. LNCS (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics), vol. 9638, pp. 288–300. Springer, Cham (2016). https:// doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-31510-2 13. Ajzen, I.: From intentions to actions: a theory of planned behavior. In: Kuhl, J., Beckmann, J. (eds.) Action control. SSSSP, pp. 11–39. Springer, Heidelberg (1985). https://doi.org/10. 1007/978-3-642-69746-3_2 14. Ajzen, I.: The theory of planned behaviour: reactions and reflections. Psychol. Health 26, 1113–1127 (2011). https://doi.org/10.1080/08870446.2011.613995 15. Shropshire, J., Warkentin, M., Sharma, S.: Personality, attitudes, and intentions: predicting initial adoption of information security behavior. Comput. Secur. 49, 177–191 (2015). https:// doi.org/10.1016/j.cose.2015.01.002 16. Sheeran, P., Webb, T.L.: The intention-behavior gap. Soc. Personal Psychol. Compass. 10, 503–518 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1111/spc3.12265 17. Alohali, M., Clarke, N., Furnell, S., Albakri, S.: Information security behavior: recognizing the influencers. In: Proceedings of Computing Conference 2017, 2018 January, pp. 844–853 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/SAI.2017.8252194 18. Briggs, P., Jeske, D., Coventry, L.: Behavior Change Interventions for Cybersecurity. Elsevier Inc., New York (2017) 19. Jenkins, J.L., Durcikova, A., Nunamaker, J.F.: Mitigating the security intention-behavior gap: the moderating role of required effort on the intention-behavior relationship. J. Assoc. Inf. Syst. 22, 246–272 (2021). https://doi.org/10.17705/1jais.00660 20. Gratian, M., Bandi, S., Cukier, M., Dykstra, J., Ginther, A.: Correlating human traits and cyber security behavior intentions. Comput. Secur. 73, 345–358 (2018). https://doi.org/10. 1016/j.cose.2017.11.015 21. Yoon, C., Kim, H.: Understanding computer security behavioral intention in the workplace: an empirical study of Korean firms. Inf. Technol. People 26, 401–419 (2013). https://doi.org/ 10.1108/ITP-12-2012-0147 22. Jansen, J., van Schaik, P.: Persuading end users to act cautiously online: a fear appeals study on phishing. Inf. Comput. Secur. 26, 264–276 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1108/ICS-03-20180038 23. Shakela, V., Jazri, H.: Assessment of spear phishing user experience and awareness: an evaluation framework model of spear phishing exposure level (SPEL) in the Namibian Financial Industry. In: 2019 - 2nd International Conference on Advances in Big Data, Computing and Data Communication Systems, pp. 1–5 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1109/ICABCD.2019.885 1058 24. Arachchilage, N.A.G., Love, S., Beznosov, K.: Phishing threat avoidance behaviour: an empirical investigation. Comput. Hum. Behav. 60, 185–197 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chb. 2016.02.065 25. Lebek, B., Uffen, J., Neumann, M., Hohler, B., Breitner, M.H.: Information security awareness and behavior: a theory-based literature review. Manag. Res. Rev. 37, 1049–1092 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1108/MRR-04-2013-0085 26. Hazari, S., Hargrave, W., Clenney, B.: An Empirical investigation of factors influencing information security behavior. J. Inf. Privacy Secur. 4, 3–20 (2008). https://doi.org/10.1080/ 2333696x.2008.10855849 27. Crossler, R.E., Johnston, A.C., Lowry, P.B., Hu, Q., Warkentin, M., Baskerville, R.: Future directions for behavioral information security research. Comput. Secur. 32, 90–101 (2013). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cose.2012.09.010  
   
  42  
   
  W. M. Y. W. Yaacob et al.  
   
  28. ÖØütçü, G., Testik, Ö.M., Chouseinoglou, O.: Analysis of personal information security behavior and awareness. Comput. Secur. 56, 83–93 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cose.2015. 10.002 29. Suarez, L.Y.T.: Young People’s Security Behavior Intentions regarding Cloud Service Use: Suggestions for Better Cloud Services, pp. 1–27 (2015) 30. Comrey, A.L.: Factor-analytic methods of scale development in personality and clinical psychology. J. Consult. Clin. Psychol. 56, 754–761 (1988). https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-006X. 56.5.754 31. Dwivedi, Y.K., Papazafeiropoulou, A., Brinkman, W.P., Lal, B.: Examining the influence of service quality and secondary influence on the behavioural intention to change Internet service provider. Inf. Syst. Front. 12, 207–217 (2010). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10796-008-9074-7 32. Hadlington, L.: Cybercognition: Brain, Behaviour and the Digital World. SAGE Publications, London (2017) 33. Yildiz Durak, H.: Human factors and cybersecurity in online game addiction: an analysis of the relationship between high school students’ online game addiction and the state of providing personal cybersecurity and representing cyber human values in online games. Soc. Sci. Q. 100, 1984–1998 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1111/ssqu.12693 34. Blackwell, D., Leaman, C., Tramposch, R., Osborne, C., Liss, M.: Extraversion, neuroticism, attachment style and fear of missing out as predictors of social media use and addiction. Personality Individ. Differ. 116, 69–72 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.paid.2017.04.039 35. Hadlington, L.: Cybercognition: brain, behaviour, and the digital world. Psychol. Learn. Teach. 17, 323–325 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1177/1475725718787921 36. Sparrow, B., Liu, J., Wegner, D.M.: Google effects on memory: cognitive consequences of having information at our fingertips. Science 1979(333), 776–778 (2011). https://doi.org/10. 1126/science.1207745 37. Hadlington, L.: Human factors in cybersecurity; examining the link between internet addiction, impulsivity, attitudes towards cybersecurity, and risky cybersecurity behaviours. Heliyon 3, e00346 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.heliyon.2017.e00346 38. You, S., Kim, E., Lee, D.: Virtually real: exploring avatar identification in game addiction among massively multiplayer online role-playing games (MMORPG) Players Sukkyung. Games Cult. 12, 56–71 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1177/1555412015581087 39. Griffiths, M.: A “components” model of addiction within a biopsychosocial framework. J. Subst. Use 10, 191–197 (2005). https://doi.org/10.1080/14659890500114359 40. Lemmens, J.S., Valkenburg, P.M., Peter, J.: Development and validation of a game addiction scale for adolescents. Media Psychol. 12, 77–95 (2009). https://doi.org/10.1080/152132608 02669458 41. Karen: When Unequal Sample Sizes Are and Are Not a Problem in ANOVA - The Analysis Factor (2017) 42. Hadlington, L.: The “Human Factor” in cybersecurity. IGI Global 3, 46–63 (2018). https:// doi.org/10.4018/978-1-5225-4053-3.ch003  
   
  Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care for Mobile Virtual Consultation Ahmad Hanis Mohd Shabli1(B) , Noorulsadiqin Azbiya Yaacob2 and Noor Rafhati Adyani Abdullah3  
   
  ,  
   
  1 School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]   
   
  2 School of Technology Management and Logistics, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok,  
   
  Kedah, Malaysia 3 Hospital Sultanah Bahiyah, 05460 Alor Setar, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. This research paper presents the design and development process of the M-Thyroid Care app, a mobile application prototype aimed at facilitating virtual video call-based consultations for thyroid clinics using design-based research. The app offers a convenient and accessible platform for remote consultations, enabling patients and healthcare providers, especially doctors, to engage through video calls. Additional features like chat functionality and file-sharing capabilities are incorporated to facilitate seamless communication and information exchange between patients and healthcare providers. The motivation behind developing M-Thyroid Care stems from the need to address the challenges associated with unurgent illness physical visits, specifically focusing on follow-up appointments for thyroid disorder patients. It is important to note that the app is not intended to replace physical visits but to assist clinics and healthcare providers in managing their time more effectively, allowing for more in-clinic consultations, particularly for new thyroid disorder patients. By eliminating the need for physical visits, M-Thyroid Care offers several benefits. Patients can save on travel, parking, childcare, and other related expenses, resulting in enhanced convenience and cost-effectiveness. Moreover, reducing physical visits can reduce traffic congestion and emissions, aligning with sustainable environmental practices. In summary, M-Thyroid Care represents a significant step towards leveraging mobile technology to improve thyroid healthcare consultations. The insights gained from the design and development process of M-Thyroid Care contribute to the broader understanding of designing mobile healthcare apps for remote consultations, serving as a valuable resource for future app development in telemedicine and mobile healthcare. Keywords: M-Thyroid Care · Mobile Healthcare App · Virtual Consultations  
   
  1 Introduction In recent decades, healthcare innovation improvements in product technology, treatments, and care delivery have successfully increased patient life expectancy and quality of life and made access to care, treatments, and diagnostic path options easier. Healthcare innovation is also generating efficiency, reducing costs and human errors. Mobile © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 43–55, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_4  
   
  44  
   
  A. H. M. Shabli et al.  
   
  devices and apps have provided many benefits for health service providers, allowing them to make more rapid decisions with a lower error rate, increasing the quality of data management and accessibility, and improving practice efficiency and knowledge [1–3]. With the advancements in technology and the widespread availability of smartphones and tablets, virtual consultations have become increasingly accessible and convenient for doctors and patients. These mobile devices provide a portable platform for patients to connect with their doctors from their homes, eliminating physical visits to a healthcare facility. Patients can engage in real-time discussions with their doctors, receive medical advice, attend virtual presentations, and collaborate on their treatment plans through mobile apps and web conferencing platforms. The convenience and accessibility of teleconsultations have been widely highlighted in numerous studies [4, 5]. These studies indicate that patients [6–8] and healthcare providers [8–10] generally express high levels of satisfaction with this form of healthcare delivery. The flexibility offered by mobile devices allows doctors to provide personalized care and patients to receive timely medical guidance, even when they cannot visit the doctor’s office in person. In line with this trend, M-Thyroid Care, a functional prototype of a mobile application, has been designed and developed to address the specific needs of thyroid clinics. The primary objective of this app is to implement virtual video call-based consultations, thereby reducing the number of non-critical physical consultation visits among thyroid patients. By leveraging the app’s capabilities, patients and doctors can engage in virtual consultations, chat interactions and seamlessly share files, videos, and images. By leveraging virtual consultations, healthcare providers can enhance patient satisfaction by providing convenient and efficient care delivery. This convenience not only saves patients time but also eliminates the need to endure long queues or traffic jams, contributing to reduced emissions. Additionally, the burden of travel expenses, parking fees, and childcare can be minimized, offering cost savings to patients [11–13]. Moreover, virtual consultations allow clinics to optimize their time management, enabling them to accommodate more in-clinic consultations [14, 15], particularly for specialists who need to see new thyroid disorder patients. Adopting virtual consultations in thyroid clinics holds great potential for improving overall patient experience and optimizing healthcare resources.  
   
  2 Related Work Developed countries have made remarkable strides in implementing virtual consultation apps, experiencing widespread adoption and seamless integration into their healthcare systems. Countries such as the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, and several European nations have emerged as leaders in embracing virtual consultation apps, recognizing their immense potential in transforming healthcare delivery. The integration of virtual consultation apps into Malaysia’s healthcare infrastructure is steadily gaining momentum as the healthcare system recognizes the potential benefits of telemedicine. With ongoing efforts to improve regulations, infrastructure, and reimbursement policies, Malaysia is actively working towards incorporating telemedicine and virtual consultations as integral components of its healthcare delivery model. Several  
   
  Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care  
   
  45  
   
  telemedicine apps specific to Malaysia have been developed to facilitate virtual consultations, including DoctorOnCall, BookDoc, MyDoc, HealthMetrics, Teleme, MySejahtera, Naluri, and PingDoc. These apps offer a range of features such as video consultations, chat functionality, e-prescriptions, and access to medical records, providing convenient healthcare services for patients. However, among these apps, MyDoc, developed by MyDoc Pte Ltd, a Singapore-based digital healthcare company, stands out due to its comprehensive platform that can be accessed through iOS, Android, and webbased platforms. In addition to virtual consultations and medical record access, MyDoc includes appointment booking services, health monitoring, medication reminders, and health tips, offering a holistic approach to healthcare management. While other appointment apps in Malaysia provide convenient ways to find and book appointments with healthcare providers, the specific scenario of thyroid clinics presents unique challenges. In thyroid clinics, doctors determine the appointment dates and times, and any available doctors may see patients. Therefore, there is a need to design and develop a dedicated app like M-Thyroid Care with a specialized appointment booking feature to streamline the process and ensure efficient scheduling and management of appointments, addressing the specific needs of thyroid clinics. By incorporating tailored features and functionalities, M-Thyroid Care can enhance the overall patient experience and optimize healthcare delivery in thyroid care.  
   
  3 Methodology Numerous researchers have explored the application of design-based research as a robust research methodology in various studies [16–18]. The findings from these studies consistently revealed that design-based research was predominantly utilized for technological interventions and applications. For instance, [18] reported that a significant majority of interventions (68%) involved the integration of online and mobile technologies. In this study, the researchers adopted the framework proposed by [19] to define design-based research as a systematic four-step process. The first phase involved the “analysis of practical problems,” wherein a specific problem was identified, and relevant literature related to the issue was thoroughly reviewed. The following research questions were formulated after analyzing the practical problem: RQ1: What are the key components and features required to design an effective functional prototype system for follow-up consultation? RQ2: How can mobile technology be utilized to develop a functional prototype system for follow-up consultation? The “development of solutions” for the identified problem was the focus of the second phase that followed. Researchers conceived alternative answers, determined the research topic and development strategy, and then built a prototype to address the issue. The third step of the process was the “evaluation and testing of solutions in practice”. Researchers thoroughly studied and tested the offered solutions in real-world settings to gauge their efficacy and viability. Finally, the fourth phase, termed “documentation and reflection,” involved generating and documenting design principles derived from the research process. By adopting the framework proposed by [19], the researchers aimed to create an innovative and practical solution to address the specific needs of thyroid clinics, with the ultimate goal of improving patient care and optimizing healthcare resources.  
   
  46  
   
  A. H. M. Shabli et al.  
   
  4 Results This paper focuses primarily on the second phase of the design-based research process, which involves the creation of a solution for the M-Thyroid Care application. During this crucial phase, a mobile application called “M-Thyroid Care” was designed and developed specifically for Android mobile devices. This application’s main goal is to improve the entire experience for both doctors and patients by efficiently addressing the practical issues that thyroid clinics face. 4.1 M-Thyroid Care Application Design M-Thyroid Care has been meticulously designed using a user flow process to establish a clear and structured sequence of steps and interactions for both doctors and patients when utilizing the mobile application. This user flow process serves to illustrate the different paths and decision points that users encounter while pursuing specific goals within the app. Each step in the user flow corresponds to a distinct screen or action that users can engage with during their interaction with the application. The user flow process of M-Thyroid Care encompasses three key stages: login and registration, new appointments, and appointment management. Login and Registration. For the login and registration, the user flow process is illustrated in Fig. 1. The login process is started by the user by launching the M-Thyroid Care app. The user must input their registered information, including their email address and password, in the appropriate boxes on the login screen in order to log in. The user then taps the “Log-in” button after entering the required information. The app then compares the entered credentials with the user data stored in the system to validate them and gives the user access to their main screen if the credentials are legitimate and match the records. This main screen is especially suited to the user’s function within the app, whether they are a patient or a doctor. Users who do not already have an account can register by choosing the appropriate registration option. The user is prompted during the registration process to enter the necessary information, including their name, email address, and preferred password. Once the user submits the registration form, the app starts a phase for email validation. A user can start the password reset procedure in the M-Thyroid Care app by clicking the “Reset Password” link. The software asks the user to input their registered email address when they click the “Reset Password” option. The app validates the email address after receiving it before starting the password reset process. The user’s registered email address is then sent an email with a link to reset their password. The user can access the password reset page on the designated web page by clicking the provided reset link in the email after getting it. The user can then type in and confirm a new password. The app validates the password reset and enables users to log in using their updated credentials once the new password has been successfully set. New Appointment. For the new appointment, the user flow process is illustrated in Fig. 2. In the M-Thyroid Care app, doctors can set up new appointments with their patients by navigating to the current appointment screen. They can perform a patient search, select a time and date, and enter any relevant information. The patient receives an email  
   
  Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care  
   
  47  
   
  Fig. 1. User Flow Process for Login and Registration  
   
  notification with the appointment information after it has been scheduled. On the app’s current screen, the patient can also see the appointment details. This procedure guarantees effective communication and makes it simple for doctors to arrange virtual consultations with their patients while keeping patients updated on their upcoming appointments.  
   
  Fig. 2. User Flow Process for User Appointment and Appointment Details  
   
  48  
   
  A. H. M. Shabli et al.  
   
  Appointment Management. For appointment management, the appointment details screen in the M-Thyroid Care app serves as a vital platform for patients and doctors to manage their ongoing appointments effectively. The user flow process is further illustrated in Fig. 2. Within this screen, doctors can initiate video calls with their patients, facilitating seamless communication and virtual consultations. Additionally, patients can send messages directly to their doctors, fostering ongoing communication and enabling them to address any concerns or provide updates. Furthermore, the appointment details screen’s file management menu allows patients and doctors to conveniently upload and share relevant images, files, and videos. This feature enhances the collaboration between patients and doctors by facilitating the exchange of necessary medical information and diagnostic results. Users can securely store and access important documents related to the appointment by utilizing this menu, contributing to a comprehensive and organized healthcare management system. In the context of appointment management, doctors are also allowed to modify appointment details if needed. This function allows doctors to change the appointment schedule, purpose, or other pertinent information. This adaptability implies that appointments can be efficiently tailored to changing conditions or individual needs, improving efficiency and patient care.  
   
  4.2 M-Thyroid Care Application Development The development of the M-Thyroid Care application involves leveraging the Flutter Software Development Kit (SDK) to ensure cross-platform compatibility for iOS and Android devices. Flutter’s rich set of widgets creates a visually appealing and responsive user interface, providing a seamless user experience. The backend of the app is built using PHP, a versatile server-side scripting language. PHP facilitates the smooth integration of the app’s front end with the backend functionalities, enabling efficient data exchange and processing. MySQL is employed as the database management system, offering a robust and secure solution for storing and retrieving data. On the backend side, PHP is used to develop the necessary APIs that handle data exchange between the app and the server. These APIs are responsible for user authentication, appointment scheduling, file sharing, and chat messaging tasks. The data is securely stored and retrieved from the MySQL database, ensuring the confidentiality and integrity of patient information. Login. The M-Thyroid Care user login interface embodies a pivotal element within the digital system, enabling users to securely access their accounts and avail themselves of the associated functionalities. Designed with a focus on usability and security, this interface incorporates essential features such as email and password input fields, a “Forgot Password” option, and a language selection menu (Fig. 3). At the top of the interface, prominently positioned, are the email and password input fields. These fields prompt users to enter their unique identification credentials for authentication purposes. The email field requires users to provide their registered email address, serving as a primary identifier associated with their M-Thyroid Care account. In contrast, the password field securely accepts the user’s secret passphrase to verify their identity. Both input fields are accompanied by clear labels or placeholders, making it easier to enter the necessary information.  
   
  Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care  
   
  49  
   
  In addition to the email and password fields, the interface includes a “Forgot Password” tool to aid users with password recovery. This option is usually given as a distinct button or a clickable hyperlink. Upon selection, users are redirected to a password recovery page where they can initiate the process of resetting their password. This process commonly involves sending an email notification to the registered email address containing instructions for resetting the password and regaining access to the account.  
   
  Fig. 3. M-Thyroid Care Login Interface  
   
  Furthermore, the M-Thyroid Care login interface provides a language selection menu, allowing users to choose between English and Malay. Located at the top of the interface, this menu offers a dropdown or a list of language options, enabling users to switch between the desired language preferences. The interface adjusts its textual content and labels upon selection to reflect the chosen language, enhancing user engagement and convenience. The overall design and layout of the M-Thyroid Care login interface prioritize user experience and security. Error handling mechanisms are implemented to display meaningful and descriptive error messages should users encounter issues during login attempts. Such error messages aid in identifying and resolving login failures caused by invalid credentials or other security-related concerns. Registration. The M-Thyroid Care user registration interface plays a crucial role within the digital system, facilitating the creation of new user accounts for individuals seeking to engage with the platform’s healthcare services. This interface incorporates various elements, including user type selection, email, password, name, phone input fields, and a confirmation email feature. The first step in the user registration procedure is to choose a user type. The interface offers a simple and straightforward way for users to select “Patient” or “Doctor” as their respective roles within the M-Thyroid Care system. This option sets the user’s privileges, functions, and access levels after successful registration.  
   
  50  
   
  A. H. M. Shabli et al.  
   
  Following the user type option, the interface allows users to provide their email address, which serves as a unique identifier for their M-Thyroid Care account. The email input field facilitates reliable data entry and may include validation techniques to verify the format and authenticity of the provided email address. Aside from the email address, the interface includes a password input field, which allows users to create a secure and confidential password to protect their accounts. The password field typically incorporates security requirements, such as a minimum length or complexity, to enhance data protection. Furthermore, the user registration interface features a name input field, enabling users to enter their full names. This field personalizes the user’s account and facilitates future communication between the user and the healthcare professionals within the M-Thyroid Care system. The interface includes a phone number input field to enhance user registration further. Users are prompted to enter their valid contact number, facilitating potential communication regarding appointments, notifications, or other relevant updates. Similar to other input fields, the phone number input field may incorporate validation measures to ensure accurate data entry. Upon successfully completing the registration process, users receive a confirmation email from the M-Thyroid Care system. This email serves as a verification mechanism confirming the successful registration of the user’s account. It typically contains relevant account details and may include instructions or links for further account setup or activation. Application Main Screen. The M-Thyroid Care main screen serves as a central hub within the digital system, presenting users with essential information and navigation options. This screen prominently features the current appointments section, menu access to appointment-related functionalities, user profiles, and the logout feature. However, it differentiates between patient and doctor perspectives, offering additional capabilities for doctors, such as creating new appointments using a floating button. When users enter the main screen, they are greeted by an overview of their current appointments. This section gives a fast overview of upcoming or ongoing appointments, including important details such as appointment time, date, and essential patient or doctor information. The appointments are often structured in a well-ordered and easily scannable format, allowing users to grasp their schedule at a glance quickly. The main screen has a menu for easy navigation and access to relevant features. This menu provides users with quick access to appointment-specific functionality, such as examining appointment history and accessing the user profile. Users may obtain a comprehensive record of their past appointments by selecting the “Appointment History” option, providing a handy reference for medical history or billing purposes. Similarly, the “Profile” option takes users to their personal profiles, where they can look into and edit their account information, preferences, and other pertinent information. For improved user control and system engagement, the main screen contains a logout feature. This option allows users to log out of their M-Thyroid Care account securely, protecting critical information and assuring privacy. In terms of available features, the M-Thyroid Care main screen distinguishes between doctors and patients. In the case of doctors, an additional feature in the shape of a floating button created exclusively for creating new appointments is supplied. This floating button enables doctors to quickly start  
   
  Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care  
   
  51  
   
  the appointment creation process, streamlining the workflow and allowing for more effective scheduling. Because doctors normally oversee appointment creation, this floating button on the patient main screen is absent. Patient New Appointment. The New Appointment screen in the M-Thyroid Care system provides doctors with the capability to establish appointments with patients, facilitating efficient scheduling and effective healthcare management (Fig. 4). Within this screen, doctors are empowered to search for patients using various identifiers such as names, IDs, phone numbers, and email addresses. These search options allow doctors to swiftly locate the desired patient swiftly, ensuring accurate selection for appointment creation.  
   
  Fig. 4. M-Thyroid Care New Appointment Screen  
   
  Once the patient is identified, the New Appointment screen offers doctors the flexibility to specify the date and time of the appointment. Doctors can easily navigate calendar options and input the desired appointment date through an intuitive user interface while time slots are available for selection. This feature allows doctors to effectively manage their schedules and allocate appropriate time slots for patient consultations. The Add to Calendar dialog in the M-Thyroid Care system offers seamless integration with the device calendar, facilitating the easy setup of appointment reminders. This dialog provides a user-friendly interface allowing users to incorporate appointment details into their device’s calendar system effortlessly. Additionally, the New Appointment screen incorporates a remarks section, enabling doctors to include relevant information for the patient. This feature allows doctors to communicate specific instructions, guidance, or additional details related to the appointment. By leveraging this functionality, doctors can enhance patient communication, ensure preparedness, and promote a personalized healthcare experience.  
   
  52  
   
  A. H. M. Shabli et al.  
   
  Appointment Details. The Appointment Details screen within the M-Thyroid Care system serves as an essential interface for patients and doctors to access comprehensive information regarding their respective appointments (Fig. 5). Once a new appointment is created, users can navigate to the main screen list and select the desired appointment to view its details. The Appointment Details screen provides patients with crucial information such as the appointment’s time and date and any accompanying remarks. However, specific functionalities within this screen are restricted to doctors only.  
   
  Fig. 5. M-Thyroid Care Appointment Details Screen  
   
  The screen design emphasizes user-friendliness and clarity, enabling patients to access and comprehend their appointment details effortlessly. Patients can readily view the scheduled time and date, ensuring they are well-informed about their upcoming medical consultations. Additionally, any remarks or additional information the doctor provides are displayed, offering patients important instructions or details about their appointments. Distinct from patients, doctors possess additional privileges within the Appointment Details screen. They can modify the appointment status to “Ready” to signal their availability and readiness for the appointment. This status change serves as an indication for patients that their doctor is prepared to engage in a video call or consultation. The M-Thyroid Care application utilizes the WebRTC (Web Real-Time Communication) protocol to facilitate video calls between patients and doctors. WebRTC is a technology framework that enables real-time communication over web browsers without the need for external plugins or software installations. M-Thyroid Care’s integration of WebRTC provides users with a seamless and secure video call experience. WebRTC makes use of a number of standardized communication protocols, including the RealTime Transport Protocol (RTP), the Session Description Protocol (SDP), and the Interactive Connectivity Establishment (ICE). These protocols collaborate to build and maintain  
   
  Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care  
   
  53  
   
  a direct peer-to-peer connection between the patient’s and doctor’s devices, enabling realtime audio and video transmission. There are various stages to integrating video calls utilizing WebRTC within the M-Thyroid Care application. To begin, the application initiates the connection procedure when a doctor sets the appointment status to “Ready” on the Appointment Details screen, indicating their availability for a video call. The SDP protocol is used by the patient’s and doctor’s devices to exchange session descriptions, which include information on media capabilities, network addresses, and encryption settings. Following that, the ICE protocol is used to connect the devices, even in the presence of Network Address Translators (NATs) or firewalls. ICE employs several strategies, such as STUN (Session Traversal Utilities for NAT) and TURN (Traversal Using Relays around NAT), to select the best potential communication network path and solve network traversal challenges. Once the connection is established, the WebRTC framework allows for the real-time transmission of audio and video streams. The RTP protocol is used to packetize and transfer media data between the patient and the doctor, assuring timely delivery. WebRTC also enables advanced features such as adaptive bitrate control and echo cancellation, which improve the quality and performance of the video conversation. From a security standpoint, WebRTC’s built-in encryption techniques ensure the privacy and integrity of the video call from a security aspect. Secure transport protocols, such as Datagram Transport Layer Security (DTLS), are used to encrypt media streams, preventing eavesdropping and unwanted access to the communication. Moreover, patients and doctors can also use a menu button at the bottom of the screen. This menu button provides a variety of functions to improve the user experience. Users can attach photos, files, and videos to appointments, allowing for the effective sharing of medical reports, test results, and other associated materials. This feature encourages patients and doctors to communicate and collaborate effectively, allowing for a thorough grasp of the patient’s situation. In addition, the Appointment Details screen has a chat button, which allows patients and doctors to communicate in real time. This chat functionality promotes effective and convenient communication by allowing users to clear up any doubts, ask questions, or provide extra information about the visit or the patient’s condition. Following the conclusion of a video call session between a patient and a doctor within the M-Thyroid Care application, the doctor is prompted to set the appointment status to “Completed”, indicating the end of the appointment. This action is an important step in the workflow to ensure proper record-keeping and maintenance of the patient’s medical history. Following the completion of the appointment, the session details are made available in the Appointment History screen, allowing for comprehensive and organized documentation. By setting the appointment as “Completed”, the doctor confirms that the session has ended satisfactorily and that all necessary medical interactions have happened. This is an important step in the appointment lifecycle since it marks the change from an ongoing consultation to a closed session. It allows both the doctor and the patient to clearly realize that the appointment’s objectives have been reached. The Appointment History screen is a repository for past appointment details, ensuring a complete record of the patient’s medical history. This screen gives users, including doctors and patients, access to a list of completed appointments in chronological order. Each appointment entry in the history comprises pertinent information such as the date  
   
  54  
   
  A. H. M. Shabli et al.  
   
  and time of the appointment, as well as any accompanying remarks and any extra notes provided by the doctor. Profile. The Profile screen of the M-Thyroid Care application allows users to edit their user profile information, such as name, phone number, and password. This page is critical for keeping user profiles correct and up to date, facilitating effective communication, and assuring secure access to the platform’s features. Users are presented with a user-friendly interface on the Profile screen that allows them to alter their personal information. The screen has input forms tailored to each profile attribute, such as the user’s name and phone number. Users may quickly modify current information and submit updated details. It is crucial to keep the user’s name up to date so that the app displays the user’s accurate identity. Users can update this data to preserve accurate records inside the M-Thyroid Care system and promote easy communication with doctors.  
   
  5 Discussion and Conclusion The prototype of the M-Thyroid Care application demonstrates a range of promising features that have the potential to benefit doctors and patients at thyroid clinics greatly. By providing alternative options for doctors, such as remote consultations and flexible appointment scheduling, the application reduces the dependence on physical visits and offers enhanced patient convenience. Specifically, patients with thyroid disorders can benefit from the app’s ability to connect them with specialized medical expertise, resulting in improved quality of care. The inclusion of asynchronous communication further facilitates efficient information exchange between patients and healthcare providers, leading to increased patient satisfaction and active participation in selfmanaging their healthcare. Additionally, the app prioritizes secure data management, safeguarding patient records, and promoting seamless information sharing among healthcare providers. With its expected appeal to a diverse range of patients, including those in remote areas and individuals with chronic diseases, the M-Thyroid Care application holds significant promise. However, it is crucial to acknowledge and address potential technical issues or connectivity problems that may arise during video consultations to ensure a smooth user experience. Acknowledgment. The authors express gratitude to the Universiti Utara Malaysia for funding this study under Research Generation University Grant S/O Code 21433 and Research and Innovation Management Center, Universiti Utara Malaysia, Kedah.  
   
  References 1. Wallace, S., Clark, M., White J.: ‘It’s on my iPhone’: attitudes to the use of mobile computing devices in medical education, a mixed-methods study. BMJ Open 2(4), e001099 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1136/bmjopen-2012-001099 2. Ozdalga, E., Ozdalga, A., Ahuja, N.: The smartphone in medicine: a review of current and potential use among physicians and students. J. Med. Internet Res. 14(5), e128 (2012). https:// doi.org/10.2196/jmir.1994  
   
  Designing and Developing M-Thyroid Care  
   
  55  
   
  3. Mickan, S., Tilson, J.K., Atherton, H., Robert, N.W., Henegan, C.: Evidence of effectiveness of health care professionals using handheld computers; a scoping review of systematic reviews. J. Med. Internet Res. 15(10), e212 (2013). https://doi.org/10.2196/jmir.2530 4. Gomez, T., Anaya, Y.B., Shih, K.J., Tarn, D.M.: A qualitative study of primary care physicians’ experiences with telemedicine during Covid-19. J. Am. Board Fam. Med. 34(Supplement), S61-70 (2021). https://doi.org/10.3122/jabfm.2021.S1.200517 5. Harrison, R., Macfarlane, A., Murray, E., Wallace, P.: Patients’ perceptions of joint teleconsultations: a qualitative evaluation. Health Expect. 9(1), 81–90 (2006). https://doi.org/10.1111/ j.1369-7625.2006.00368.x 6. Agha, Z., Roter, D.L., Schapira, R.M.: An evaluation of patient-physician communication style during telemedicine consultations. J. Med. Internet Res. 11(3), e36 (2009). https://doi. org/10.2196/jmir.1193 7. Nakornchai, T., Conci, E., Hensiek, A., Brown, J.W.L.: Clinician and patient experience of neurology telephone consultations during the COVID-19 pandemic. Postgrad. Med. J. 98(1161), 533–538 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1136/postgradmedj-2021-141234 8. Nguyen, M., Waller, M., Pandya, A., Portnoy, J.: A review of patient and provider satisfaction with telemedicine. Curr. Allergy Asthma Rep. 20(11), 72 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11 882-020-00969-7 9. Bulik, R.J.: Human factors in primary care telemedicine encounters. J. Telemed. Telecare 14(4), 169–172 (2007). https://doi.org/10.1258/jtt.2007.007041 10. Courtney, E., Blackburn, D., Reuber, M.: Neurologists’ perceptions of utilising tele-neurology to practice remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. Patient Educ. Counsel. 104(3), 452–459 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pec.2020.12.027 11. Moffatt, J.J., Eley, D.S.: Barriers to the up-take of telemedicine in Australia–a view from providers. Rural Remote Health 11, 1581 (2011) 12. Albert, S.M., Shevchik, G.J., Paone, S., Matich, G.D.: Internet-based medical visit and diagnosis for common medical problems: experience of first user cohort. Telemed. e-Health 17, 304–308 (2011) 13. Moffatt, J.J., Eley, D.S.: The reported benefits of telehealth for rural Australians. Australian Health Rev. 34, 276 (2010) 14. Bhowmik, D., Duraivel, S., Singh, R.K., Sampath Kumar, K.P.: Telemedicine - an innovating healthcare system in India. Pharma. Innov. 2, 1–20 (2013) 15. Cascardo, D.: Telemedicine: advancing from Idea to Implementation. J. Med. Pract. Manag. 31, 82–84 (2015) 16. Krull, G., Duart, J.M.: Research trends in mobile learning in higher education: a systematic review of articles (2011–2015). Int. Rev. Res. Open Distrib. Learn. 18(7), 1–23 (2017) 17. Zheng, L.: A systematic literature review of design-based research from 2004 to 2013. J. Comput. Educ. 2(4), 399–420 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1007/s40692-015-0036-z 18. Anderson, T., Shattuk, J.: Design-based research: a decade of progress in education research? Educ. Res. 41(1), 16–25 (2012) 19. Reeves, T.C.: Design research from the technology perspective. In: Akker, J.V., Gravemeijer, McKenney, K.S., Nieveen, N. (Eds.). Educational Design Research, pp. 86–109. Routledge, London (2006)  
   
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets: Leveraging TensorFlow and Keras for Novel Results Yaser Mohammed Al-Hamzi(B)  
   
  and Shamsul Bin Sahibuddin  
   
  Razak Faculty of Technology and Informatics, University of Technology Malaysia, 54100 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. The Covid-19 pandemic has profoundly influenced global health and daily life across numerous countries, necessitating the urgent implementation of effective diagnostic strategies. This underscores the importance of advancing accurate, efficient, and rapid early detection techniques. In this context, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated remarkable proficiency in image recognition and classification tasks, particularly when applied to large annotated datasets. However, the domain of medical image classification presents significant challenges primarily stemming from the scarcity of annotated medical images such as chest X-rays images. Therefore, this study presents a new deep learning model for Covid-19 diagnosis from chest X-rays. Two distinct chest Xray datasets from different sources are utilized for model training and testing. The proposed CNN-based model accurately calculates chest X-rays into positive and negative categories, providing an automated and efficient approach to diagnosing viral disease. This work holds significant importance for pandemic control and a safer future. Keywords: Covid-19 Detection · Chest X-Ray · Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)  
   
  1 Introduction The COVID-19 pandemic has had a profound global health and societal impact across numerous countries [1]. In this context, chest X-rays have emerged as crucial tools for testing and diagnosing COVID-19 cases during the recent outbreak [1]. Deep learning has emerged as a powerful disease detection and classification technology, enabling accurate predictions and timely interventions, especially for viral diseases using chest X-rays that are vital in diagnosing Covid-19 [2, 3]. Several studies have generally utilized deep learning techniques for various medical applications. For instance, skin lesion classification [4], cancer diagnosis [5, 6], liver tumour detection [7], early detection of diabetic retinopathy [8], and Alzheimer’s progression prediction [9]. In Covid-19, chest radiography plays a crucial role in assessing lung involvement [10, 11]. For example, © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 56–68, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_5  
   
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets  
   
  57  
   
  [12, 13] have applied deep learning models to analyze Covid-19 X-ray images. In particular, TensorFlow and Keras offer a high potential for Covid-19 prediction, diagnosis, and treatment planning [12, 14]. In addition, [15, 16] have employed a model based on TensorFlow achieved reasonable accuracy in predicting disease severity using CT scans. Moreover, a study conducted by [17] has developed a Keras-based model that accurately predicted patient mortality using electronic health records. On the other hand, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown promise in medical image classification [11, 18]. However, the limited availability of annotated medical images poses significant challenges to accurate diagnosis [19]. As a result, various related works have explored the effectiveness of deep learning models in predicting Covid-19 progression, patient outcomes, and mortality rates. These advancements have significantly contributed to Covid-19 prediction, diagnosis, and treatment. However, the main limitation of the existing works lies in the relatively small size of the dataset used for model training and evaluation, which may affect the generalizability and robustness of the proposed method [1, 20]. To ensure broader applicability, further research is needed to validate these results on larger and more diverse datasets would be beneficial to assess the effectiveness of these models in real-world scenarios. This ongoing investigation ensures a safer future and effectively combat the pandemic. 1.1 Motivation Despite some relief from the contagious virus, healthcare institutions worldwide still face many positive cases. Gaining insights from complex biomedical data remains challenging in healthcare transformation [3]. Deep learning models, implemented with frameworks like TensorFlow and Keras, have shown promise in predicting and analyzing viral diseases, including Covid-19 [2, 12, 14]. These models offer the potential for accurate and efficient Covid-19 diagnosis, patient monitoring, and treatment planning [12, 15, 16]. Chest X-rays have proven useful in detecting Covid-19. Therefore, this paper aims to propose a novel approach for Covid-19 prediction using deep learning techniques. The study uses two distinct datasets to develop a convolutional neural network (CNN) model that classifies chest X-rays into Covid-19 positive and negative categories. 1.2 Related Work Several studies have applied deep learning to predict Covid-19 from chest X-ray images. A study implemented by [21], employed transfer learning achieved 86% accuracy on a small dataset. In addition, CNN and inception-v3-based models showed reasonable results, but more data was needed for better performance [12–14, 22]. Moreover, studies conducted by [1, 20] showcased the potential of deep learning in diagnosing viral diseases and provided valuable insights into the visualization of disease progression in Covid-19. However, the limitation lies in the relatively small final dataset images, potentially impacting the model’s performance. Our research addresses limitations in previous studies, proposing a novel approach for accurate automated Covid-19 diagnosis. We utilize larger and diverse datasets, comprehensive data pre-processing, and employ techniques like data augmentation, dropouts, early stopping, and 200 training  
   
  58  
   
  Y. M. Al-Hamzi and S. B. Sahibuddin  
   
  epochs. Our robust model validation methodology incorporates multiple performance metrics.  
   
  2 Problem Statement The Covid-19 pandemic has significantly impacted global public health, necessitating effective diagnosis [11]. However, despite some relief from the contagious virus, healthcare institutions worldwide still face a significant number of positive cases. In addition, interpreting chest X-rays for Covid-19 detection presents challenges, with previous studies relying on limited data and radiologists’ expertise [8, 12, 13, 17]. Therefore, there is a critical need for more accurate, efficient, and automated methods utilizing diverse and sufficient data. This paper addresses this issue by employing two distinct chest Xray datasets for Covid-19 detection, classifying the data into COVID (+) and COVID (−), and creating separate train and test sets. The model is trained using TensorFlow, Keras, and a deep learning convolutional neural network (CNN) to enhance diagnostic capabilities.  
   
  3 Contribution This study presents a new deep-learning model for Covid-19 prediction and detection using convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Two different datasets of chest X-rays are utilized to train and test the model. Employing multiple datasets from diverse sources enhances the robustness and reliability of the diagnostic and detection models. The research contributes a comprehensive methodology for data pre-processing, augmentation, feature extraction, and model performance evaluation for Covid-19 diagnosis. The study demonstrates the effectiveness of deep learning, TensorFlow, Keras, and related models in accurately predicting Covid-19. The model is trained for 200 epochs using techniques such as early stopping, resulting in high accuracy and low loss. This methodology can be extended to detect other viral diseases, facilitating early detection and timely treatment.  
   
  4 Methodology This study presents a deep learning approach utilizing a CNN algorithm for feature extraction and classification of chest X-ray images into Covid-19 cases. The proposed methodology includes data pre-processing, augmentation, dropout, and early stopping techniques to address overfitting. The CNN architecture consists of multiple convolutional and pooling layers with appropriate activation functions. A dataset of 5,856 chest X-ray images from Kaggle and 930 images (Pneumonia/Normal) from GitHub, totaling 529 MB, was split into 70:30 ratios for training and testing. Bias removal was performed during data pre-processing. A binary classification model was developed using TensorFlow and Keras, employing a CNN with four convolutional layers, maxpooling layers, and dropout regularization. The model’s performance was evaluated using metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, and area under the curve (AUC). Figure 1 shows samples of selected PA (Posterior-Anterior) images.  
   
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets  
   
  59  
   
  Fig. 1. The (COVID-19) PA (Posterior-Anterior) chest X-ray data images. On the left, we have 30 positive (abnormal cases) X-ray images; on the right, we have 30 negative samples (normal cases).  
   
  4.1 Dataset and Justification This academic study employs two distinct chest X-ray (CXR) image datasets for training and evaluating a deep-learning model for Covid-19 detection Fig. 2. Using two datasets is crucial to ensure diverse representation, enhance model generalization, and validate its performance.  
   
  Fig. 2. Final selected dataset consisted of images of Covid-19 positive and negative cases, which were used to train and test the model.  
   
  Dataset selection prioritizes quality, relevance, and ethical considerations, omitting datasets containing issues or biases for scientific rigor. The first dataset, from Kaggle, consists of 5,842 expert-graded images, encompassing normal, pneumonia, and various viral cases. The second dataset from GitHub includes 930 images from diverse sources.  
   
  60  
   
  Y. M. Al-Hamzi and S. B. Sahibuddin  
   
  Focusing on Covid-19 PA projection images, the study combines negative cases from the first dataset and positive cases from the second, resulting in a final dataset of 392 images. The research highlights the potential of deep learning frameworks in diagnosing viral diseases using CXR images and incorporates data pre-processing, augmentation, and model performance evaluation using various metrics. 4.2 Data Pre-processing Data pre-processing is crucial in constructing machine learning models as it prepares the data and eliminates noise and inconsistencies that may impact model performance. By performing data normalization, augmentation, and resizing, the accuracy and efficiency of the model can be improved. This study uses the ‘ImageDataGenerator’ function from the ‘tensorflow.keras.pre-processing.image’ module was employed for pre-processing. This function applies various transformations to the images, normalizes pixel values between 0 and 1, and resizes the images to dimensions of (224, 224) as shown in Fig. 3. Generators for the train and test datasets were created using the ‘flow_from_directory’ method of ‘ImageDataGenerator’, producing batches of augmented images for training and testing. The images were converted to appropriate arrays using the ‘img_to_array()’ function from the Keras package and then pre-processed using the ‘preprocess_input()’ method to meet the model’s requirements. The processed images and their labels were appended to empty lists and converted to NumPy arrays using the’ np.array()’ function.  
   
  Fig. 3. Resizing the image can simplify the model’s implementation, reduce memory usage during training, mitigate the effects of image variability, and reduce the computational cost of training the model.  
   
  5 Methods and Materials We conducted experiments in Jupyter Notebook and Google Colaboratory [Colab], using Spyder Notebook to segment the data. TensorFlow, Keras, and CNNs were our main tools. The subsequent subsections elaborate on their roles. The following sections detail the software and hardware components used.  
   
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets  
   
  61  
   
  5.1 Software Components In our experiments, we employed Python as the primary programming language and a 64bit x64-based processor operating system for the personal PC device. The deep learning model was built and trained using the TensorFlow and Keras frameworks. The model architecture consisted of various layers: input, Conv2D, Max-Pool2D, Flatten, Dense, and Dropouts. ReLU activation function was used for convolutional and dense layers, while Padding, Strides, and Sigmoid were applied to the output layer. Libraries such as numpy, tensorflow.keras, matplotlib.pyplot, sklearn.metrics, and more were utilized for data processing, model building, evaluation, and visualization. Jupyter Notebook, Spyder Anaconda, and Google Colab were platforms for data classification, train-test splitting, and GPU-enabled model training, respectively. The model was optimized using Adam, an adaptive learning rate algorithm, and its performance was evaluated using accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, ROC curve, and AUC metrics to assess classification and discrimination capabilities. 5.2 Hardware Components We performed most of the experiments using GPU resources on personal computer devices or online platforms such as Google Colab. The specifications of the PC device we used are AMD Ryzen 73700X8-Core Processor with 3.6 GHz and 32.0 GB RAM and NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050Ti GPU.  
   
  6 Implementation of Experiments This section describes the practical experiments conducted for this study. The main steps include classifying the selected data into two classes: Covid-19 positive and Covid-19 negative, splitting the data into training and test sets, and training a convolutional neural network (CNN) model using TensorFlow and Keras to detect Covid-19 from the training data. As well as evaluate the model’s performance on the test data and report the results. 6.1 Classify the Datasets into Two Classes The paper proposes a method for classifying medical images as either Covid-19 positive or negative. We utilized the Pandas library to analyze the metadata file and extract technical information. The next step was to store Covid-19 positive and negative cases in a separate folder, managing file paths using the OS library and copying files with the shuttle library. Covid-19 positive cases were selected by iterating through each row of the metadata CSV file, identifying the target value in the “finding” column (“Pneumonia/Viral/Covid-19”), and selecting images with the “PA” view type. Covid19 negative cases were randomly extracted from the Kaggle platform, choosing only PA images. The resulting dataset comprised 392 images for training and testing the model. This method efficiently and effectively organizes radiographic images for medical data analysis. We finally, partitioned the dataset into a 70/30 train-test split.  
   
  62  
   
  Y. M. Al-Hamzi and S. B. Sahibuddin  
   
  6.2 CNN Algorithm for Covid-19-Detection The proposed training algorithm includes the model’s structure, procedures, and details, serving as a concise guide for reproducing and improving the model’s performance. The deep neural network architecture illustrated in Fig. 4 consists of convolutional, pooling, dropout, dense layers, and various applied techniques, as described in sextion 5.1. The primary deep learning algorithm employed and its associated inputs and outputs are illustrated as follows:  
   
  Fig. 4. The General Architecture of our CNN Model used in this Study  
   
  Algorithm: Training the Covid-19 detection algorithm and a convolutional neural network (CNN) was implemented in Tenso Flow and Keras to train the data and make predictions on the test dataset. Input: There are two datasets employed in this study: First, a dataset of 5,842 X-Ray images (JPEG) of Covid-19 patient chest X-ray images (Pneumonia) which included various viruses, including Covid-19 with the size of 2.31 GB. Second, a dataset of 930 X-Ray images (JPEG) of Covid-19 patient chest X-ray images (Pneumonia) which included various viruses, including Covid-19 with a size of 529 MB. Output: The output of the experiment is a robust automatic model capable of early screening and accurately predicting Covid-19 negative and positive cases.  
   
  7 Results The results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed Covid-19 detection model, indicating its potential for clinical application in disease diagnosis and management. The model architecture includes an input layer with dimensions (224, 224, 3) and a Dense output layer with 2 units and sigmoid activation. It consists of a total of 568,706 trainable parameters distributed across various layers.  
   
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets  
   
  63  
   
  Fig. 5. The CNN model exhibits low loss on both training and validation data, indicating successful avoidance of overfitting.  
   
  7.1 Training Loss and Validation Loss The training history plot of the deep learning CNN model Fig. 5 demonstrates low loss levels for both training and validation data. The results indicate effective generalization and avoidance of overfitting, as evidenced by the convergence of training and validation loss curves, suggesting minimal error and successful generalization to new data. 7.2 Training Accuracy and Validation Accuracy The training history plot of our deep learning CNN model indicates high accuracy and validation accuracy, suggesting effective avoidance of overfitting. The proximity of the accuracy and validation accuracy curves demonstrates successful feature learning and generalization. Refer to Fig. 6. As a summary, the key findings from the results are as follows: Low Loss: The loss consistently decreased over the initial epochs, indicating effective learning and progress. Consistent Validation Loss: The validation loss remained consistently low, further supporting the model’s ability to generalize well. Early Stopping: The model did not require training for the full 200 epochs, suggesting convergence and limited additional improvement potential. Overall, the results demonstrate the model’s strong performance, accurate predictions on the validation set, avoidance of overfitting, and generalizability to unseen data. High Accuracy: The model achieved an impressive accuracy of 97% on the validation set, indicating its ability to make accurate predictions. Consistent Improvement: Accuracy consistently improved over the first 10 epochs, suggesting ongoing learning and progress. Validation Accuracy: The validation accuracy remained consistently high, indicating the model’s ability to generalize well and avoid overfitting.  
   
  64  
   
  Y. M. Al-Hamzi and S. B. Sahibuddin  
   
  Fig. 6. The CNN model’s training history plot demonstrates high accuracy on both training and validation data, indicating successful avoidance of overfitting. Early stopping confirms model convergence and limited scope for improvements.  
   
  8 Evaluation We employed multiple metrics to evaluate our model throughout different phases. We monitored training and validation accuracy and loss in the initial phase, adjusting data augmentation and early stopping parameters accordingly. In the subsequent phase, we utilized Confusion Matrix, Sklearn precision, recall, F-score, and support to compute each class’s precision, recall, and F1 score. These metrics assess the model’s ability to identify positive and negative cases accurately. The Confusion Matrix, typically presented as a 2×2 matrix [A] in binary classification, summarizes the model’s performance by categorizing predictions into true positive (TP), true negative (TN), false positive (FP), and false negative (FN) as illustrated in Table 1. The confusion matrix can be represented as follows: Table 1. The confusion matric representation based on the actual positive and actual Negative for Covid-19 evaluation Actual Positive (P)  
   
  Actual Negative (N)  
   
  COVID (+) (P)  
   
  True Positive (TP)  
   
  False Positive (FP)  
   
  COVID (−) (N)  
   
  False Negative (FN)  
   
  True Negative (TN)  
   
  In our model the confusion matrix was generated as follows: A  
   
  ⎡  
   
  ⎤  
   
  97 3 ⎦ 2×2=⎣ 4 118  
   
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets  
   
  65  
   
  The following equations show how we calculate the accuracy mathematically in this study: Accuracy = (TP + TN)/(TP + TN + FP + FN). where TP is the number of true positives, TN is the number of true negatives, FP is the number of false positives, and FN is the number of false negatives. Accuracy = (97 + 118)/(97 + 118 + 3 + 4) = 0.9685 ≈ 0.97. In evaluation stage the we compute the confusion matrix, the classification report, and the evaluation metrics. Thus, we generated the following results illustrating in Table 2. Table 2. Classification report, precision, recall, F1 Score, and Support with up to 97% high accuracy Classification Report  
   
  Precision  
   
  Recall  
   
  F1 Score  
   
  Support  
   
  COVID+  
   
  0.97  
   
  96  
   
  0.97  
   
  59  
   
  COVID−  
   
  1.00  
   
  1.00  
   
  0.97  
   
  59  
   
  Accuracy  
   
  —  
   
  0.97  
   
  118  
   
  Macro Avg  
   
  — 0.97  
   
  0.97  
   
  0.97  
   
  118  
   
  Weighted Avg  
   
  0.97  
   
  0.97  
   
  0.97  
   
  118  
   
  The model consistently achieved 97% accuracy in classifying Covid-19 cases from X-ray images, demonstrating high accuracy and consistency through manual and automatic calculations. The evaluation included using a ROC curve, which displayed excellent discriminative power with an AUC value of 0.93, indicating the model’s ability to accurately differentiate between positive and negative samples Fig. 7. Based on the  
   
  Fig. 7. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) is a measure of how well the model is able to distinguish between positive and negative samples of Covid-19.  
   
  66  
   
  Y. M. Al-Hamzi and S. B. Sahibuddin  
   
  results discussed in the evaluation section, the model exhibited exceptional performance in accurately classifying test cases as COVID-positive or COVID-negative. It showcased high accuracy and a minimal error rate, with no mistakes observed within this specific test set.  
   
  9 Discussion This study aimed to explore the potential of deep learning with CNNs using TensorFlow and Keras frameworks for automatic detection and feature extraction in X-ray images related to Covid-19 diagnosis. We trained and evaluated a CNN model, achieving a high accuracy of 97% on training and validation data, as depicted in Fig. 8. The proposed automatic Covid-19 detector attained an accuracy of 0.9504 and validation accuracy of 0.9792, with respective losses of 0.1598 and 0.1312, on a dataset consisting solely of Xray images. These promising results suggest the CNN model effectively learns relevant features. Nonetheless, this study contributes to the low-cost, rapid, and automatic Covid19 diagnosis based on X-ray images, potentially reducing staff exposure to outbreaks. Future investigations should ascertain the reliability of features extracted by the CNN model as biomarkers for Covid-19 detection.  
   
  Fig. 8. The training history plot of our CNN model indicates high accuracy on both training and validation data, without overfitting.  
   
  10 Conclusion and Future Work In healthcare, deep learning has proven a powerful tool for disease detection, including Covid-19. In this study, we utilized TensorFlow and Keras frameworks to construct a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model for Covid-19 detection using Chest X-ray images. The model achieved a high accuracy of 97% on training and validation data,  
   
  CNN-Based Covid-19 Detection from Two Distinct Chest X-Ray Datasets  
   
  67  
   
  displaying robust generalization and avoiding overfitting. Precision, recall, and F1 score metrics were high, and ROC and AUC curves demonstrated effective class discrimination. This indicates that the model successfully learned data features and can serve as a reliable tool for Covid-19 detection. However, it is crucial to emphasize that these models should complement clinical judgment rather than substitute it. Further evaluation of additional test data is recommended to ensure generalizability. Deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow and Keras hold significant potential for disease detection, aiding healthcare professionals in accurate diagnoses and improved patient outcomes. Future work should include larger and more diverse datasets, particularly for emerging and evolving viruses, and address the challenge of distinguishing mild symptom cases from pneumonia symptoms in X-ray images. Acknowledgment. We sincerely thank all contributors for their valuable insights and suggestions, which significantly enhanced the quality of this article. We acknowledge that no funding source was involved, and the authors declare no conflicts of interest.  
   
  References 1. Zebin, T., Rezvy, S.: COVID-19 detection and disease progression visualization: deep learing on chest X-rays for classification and coarse localization. Appl. Intell. 51(2), 1010–1021 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10489-020-01867-1 2. Lavecchia, A.: Deep learning in drug discovery: opportunities, challenges and future prospects. Drug Discov. Today J. 24(10), 16 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.drudis.2019. 07.006 3. Han, S.S., Kim, M.S., Lim, W., Park, G.H., Park, I., Chang, S.E.: Classification of the clinical images for benign and malignant cutaneous tumors using a deep learning algorithm. J. Investig. Dermatol. 138(7), 1529–1538 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jid.2018.01.028 4. Daneshjou, R., He, B., Ouyang, D., Zou, J.Y.: How to evaluate deep learning for cancer diagnostics – factors and recommendations. Biochim. Biophys. Acta Rev. Cancer 1875(2), 188515 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bbcan.2021.188515 5. Jiang, W., Zeng, G., Wang, S., Wu, X., Xu, C.: Application of deep learning in lung cancer imaging diagnosis. J. Healthc. Eng. 2022, 1–12 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1155/2022/6107940 6. Zhang, H., Luo, K., Deng, R., Li, S., Duan, S.: Deep learning-based CT imaging for the diagnosis of liver tumor. Comput. Intell. Neurosci. 2022, 1–7 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1155/ 2022/3045370 7. Mayya, V., Kamath, S., Kulkarni, U.: Automated microaneurysms detection for early diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy: a comprehensive review. Comput. Methods Prog. Biomed. Update 1, 100013 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cmpbup.2021.100013 8. Rahim, N., El-Sappagh, S., Ali, S., Muhammad, K., Del Ser, J., Abuhmed, T.: Prediction of Alzheimer’s progression based on multimodal deep-learning-based fusion and visual explainability of time-series data. Information Fusion 92, 363–388 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.inffus.2022.11.028 9. Yang, J., et al.: Prevalence of comorbidities and its effects in coronavirus disease 2019 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Int. J. Infect. Dis. 94, 91–95 (2020). https://doi.org/ 10.1016/j.ijid.2020.03.017 10. Abbas, A., Abdelsamea, M.M., Gaber, M.M.: Classification of COVID-19 in chest X-ray images using DeTraC deep convolutional neural network. Appl. Intell. 51(2), 854–864 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10489-020-01829-7  
   
  68  
   
  Y. M. Al-Hamzi and S. B. Sahibuddin  
   
  11. Wang, S., et al.: Imaging informatics and artificial intelligence a deep learning algorithm using CT images to screen for Corona virus disease ( COVID-19), pp. 6096–6104 (2021) 12. Apostolopoulos, I.D., Mpesiana, T.A.: Covid-19: automatic detection from X-ray images utilizing transfer learning with convolutional neural networks. Phys. Eng. Sci. Med. 43(2), 635–640 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/s13246-020-00865-4 13. Kumar, S., Kiran, S., Mishra, N.: Face mask detection using OpenCV. Int. J. Health Sci. (Qassim) 2022, 5282–5288. https://doi.org/10.53730/ijhs.v6ns2.6331 14. Song, Y., et al.: Deep learning enables accurate diagnosis of novel coronavirus (COVID-19) with CT images. IEEE/ACM Trans. Comput. Biol. Bioinform. 18(6), 2775–2780 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/TCBB.2021.3065361 15. Zhang, J., et al.: Viral pneumonia screening on chest X-rays using confidence-aware anomaly detection. IEEE Trans. Med. Imaging 40(3), 879–890 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/TMI. 2020.3040950 16. Wang, L., Lin, Z.Q., Wong, A.: COVID-net: a tailored deep convolutional neural network design for detection of COVID-19 cases from chest X-ray images. Sci. Rep. 10(1) (2020). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-76550-z 17. Tartaglione, E., Barbano, C.A., Berzovini, C., Calandri, M., Grangetto, M.: Unveiling COVID19 from chest x-ray with deep learning: a hurdles race with small data. Int. J. Environ. Res. Public Health 17(18), 1–17 (2020). https://doi.org/10.3390/ijerph17186933 18. Shi, F., et al.: Review of artificial intelligence techniques in imaging data acquisition, segmentation, and diagnosis for COVID-19. IEEE Rev. Biomed. Eng. 14, 4–15 (2021). https:// doi.org/10.1109/RBME.2020.2987975 19. Osman, A.H., Aljahdali, H.M., Altarrazi, S.M., Ahmed, A.: SOM-LWL method for identification of COVID-19 on chest X-rays. PLoS One 16(2) (2021). https://doi.org/10.1371/jou rnal.pone.0247176 20. Wang, Y.X., Balle, B., Kasiviswanathan, S.P.: Subsampled Rényi differential privacy and analytical moments accountant. In: Proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Statistics (AISTATS 2019), no. 1, pp. 1–29 (2020). https://doi.org/ 10.29012/jpc.723 21. Hemdan, E.E.: COVIDX-Net : A Framework of Deep Learning Classifiers to Diagnose COVID-19 in X-Ray Images (2021) 22. Al-Hamzi, Y.M.: Neural network-based framework for understanding machine deep learning systems’ open issues and future trends: a systematic literature review. Turkish J. Comput. Math. Educ. (TURCOMAT) 12(12), 1567–1625 (2021)  
   
  Eye-Tracking Usability Data of BacaDisleksia for an Informed Dyslexia-Friendly Design Decision Husniza Husni1(B)  
   
  , Nurul Ida Syaheera Mohd Nasri2  
   
  , and Mohamed Ali Saip1  
   
  1 Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]   
   
  2 SMT Technologies, 08000 Sungai Petani, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. BacaDisleksia is an application specifically designed for children with dyslexia learning to read. The application aims to facilitate dyslexic children and ease their reading by carefully considering the Human-Computer Interaction and Interaction Design fundamentals that could facilitate them to read better. However, the design of BacaDisleksia is yet to be empirically confirmed. Therefore, a usability testing was conducted using Tobii eye-tracker to further examine its design. Six dyslexic children as participants were involved in the testing revealing design issues related to BacaDisleksia that can be improved based on eye-tracking data such as heat maps and gaze plots. As a results, this paper presents the eye-tracking usability findings that could inform dyslexia-friendlier design decisions for any application with a similar aim as BacaDisleksia. Such design decisions are crucial in digital innovation to provide better digital solutions for dyslexia and other learners with reading difficulties, in line with one of UNESCO’s aims for having the technology to support inclusivity for children with disabilities, including learning disabilities such as dyslexia. Keywords: Eye-tracking usability · human-computer interaction · interaction design · dyslexia  
   
  1 Introduction Eye tracking data can be very useful and informative in facilitating the right design decision for certain specific aims, such as in education, as it provides insights into studying processes, revealing mental representation, and assessing subconscious aspects [1]. Especially when designing for specific users, in this case children with dyslexia that often push for non-standard design decisions, eye-tracking data can reveal significant details to inform further the design of such digital applications to facilitate and possible reduce cognitive load while learning to read. Hence, that is why it is important to obtain as much data as possible to gain insights into eye-tracking data from the children, such as gaze plots and heat maps. These two data could lead to improvement in the design. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 69–80, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_6  
   
  70  
   
  H. Husni et al.  
   
  BacaDisleksia is an application designed and developed with the aim to ease the reading process by offering the children an interactive, self-assessed intervention for a stress-free reading session. Its fundamentals are based on three Interaction Design (IxD) dimensions [2] – text (1D), visual representation (2D), and behavior (5D) – leaving the other two dimensions untouched, i.e., space (3D) and time (4D). The three dimensions are selected based on the needs of children with dyslexia when it comes to an application for reading, as most of the interaction covers text, visual representation, and the application’s behavior. The other two dimensions are not considered, as each child requires a different time and reads at an individual pace (4D). The interaction with BacaDisleksia is mainly using a mouse and very minimal use of keyboards. Since 3D is concerned with tangible means of control, it is not included, as any changes or improved aspects concern this dimension. Besides IxD, the Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) interaction model also serves as its base for the design, following the classic [3] interaction model. This application aims to provide an interactive reading tool that can facilitate children’s reading better by introducing features that could ease learning to read, such as Irlen color theory [4] for the reading background. In this paper, we explore the potential of using an eye tracker in a usability study with dyslexic children to uncover design decisions we could have missed when designing and developing the application. Such intricate eye-tracking data could potentially be considered to improve further the design aspects, not only on the user interface but also the interaction that comes with it. What are the usability issues that can be uncovered from BacaDisleksia? How does the eye-tracking help in conducting usability testing with children with dyslexia? What design suggestions can be made to improve the interaction and user experience for the children?  
   
  2 Eye-Tracking for Dyslexia 2.1 Dyslexia Dyslexia is a neurological learning disability that particularly hinders a child’s reading abilities [5, 6]. Despite having normal intelligence, these children frequently read at substantially lower levels than expected. People with dyslexia often struggle with spelling, reading comprehension, and the ability to learn a second language. Nonetheless, these issues are independent of their overall IQ level, as dyslexia is an unforeseen reading challenge for a child who is intelligent enough to be a far better reader. However, children with dyslexia who happen to be slow readers often, paradoxically, are very fast and creative thinkers with strong reasoning [6]. Dyslexia can be inherited in some families, and recent studies have identified a number of genes that may predispose an individual to develop dyslexia. The main focus of remediation for dyslexia should be on the specific learning problems of affected individuals. The usual course is to modify teaching methods, tools, and the educational environment to meet the specific needs of the individual with dyslexia. That said, a good interactive tool should be designed and developed to suit dyslexics to assist their learning. A study by Lebeniˇcnik [7] spells out that the key problems experienced by dyslexic users are confusing page layout, unclear navigation, poor color  
   
  Eye-Tracking Usability Data of BacaDisleksia  
   
  71  
   
  selections, graphics and text too small, and complicated language. Designers must consider these problems in creating learning material for a better course or program for a dyslexic child. This is where HCI and IxD pave the potential to assist in designing for specific users, using eye-tracking as a tool to dig deeper and understand better what is going on when users, especially children, use interactive digital solutions to learn to read. 2.2 Eye Tracking and Usability Aside from traditional usability studies, particularly among usability professionals, usability experts have begun to use psychophysiological approaches to gain a deeper understanding of the user’s attentional and cognitive processes [8]. One of the approaches is eye tracking. Eye tracking is a psychophysiological technique that has recently become very popular. Eye tracking has been employed to study visual attention distribution in various visual tasks, from visual search to reading advertisements to watching online videos. Eye tracking has also been applied in multiple usability studies to provide insights regarding the design of websites, digital TV menus, and games, to name a few [9]. The most popular method of visualizing data from eye-tracking studies is heat mapping. Heat maps are based on how many views each area receives. The term “heat map” refers to a visual representation of hot and cold spots on a page using various colors [10]. Users’ focus will be presented in a color-coded section based on most paid to least paid attention areas. Figure 1 is an example of the heat map. The red area represents the most paid attention area, and the blue is the least paid attention area. Heat maps can also represent either the number of fixations or the duration of fixations.  
   
  Fig. 1. An example of the heatmap by one of the participants captured while using BacaDisleksia to read the target word displayed.  
   
  Another data collected through eye-tracking is gaze plot. Gaze plots show a single user’s visit to a page or software. Fixation will be presented by a dot. The bigger the dot, the longer the fixation of the users. Figure 2 is an example of gaze plotting. Blue dots represent the fixation, and the lines between dots represent saccades. A saccade is a rapid eye movement between two fixations, and saccades range in amplitude from small movements to large ones. Wu et al. [11] discovered, for example, that eye movement info,  
   
  72  
   
  H. Husni et al.  
   
  such as fixation duration and fixation point number, had been useful in showing what users search for target information on a smartwatch interface, revealing usability issues of specific features on the smartwatch. However, this view quickly becomes cluttered for long recordings, and the dynamic gaze replay or the hotspot visualization described below becomes more suitable [12].  
   
  Fig. 2. An example of the gazeplot by one of the participants captured while using BacaDisleksia to read the target word displayed.  
   
  Although eye-tracking technology has been around for some time, studies on utilizing eye-trackers to observe design issues are very limited when it concerns dyslexic children. Most eye-tracking studies performed with dyslexia in mind are performed with adult dyslexics or focus on other aspects pertinent to reading, such as cognitive or neurological origin vs. eye movement for adults with dyslexia [13], cognitive impairment among children with dyslexia [14], and screening [15, 16].  
   
  3 Methods 3.1 Participants Six children formally screened with dyslexia by Persatuan Disleksia Malaysia, Sungai Petani, participated in this study. The participants are children between 10 and 12 years old, sharing various demographics. They are purposively selected as they are bigger and have prior knowledge and skills in using the computer. Bigger and taller children are needed for a better eye-tracker calibration process. One limitation of using an eye tracker is its poor or limited detection when it comes to small children. Various reasons contributed to the poor calibration process with children, including sitting position, constant movement as children tend to move around, and difficulty sitting still at times, heights, and focusing on the screen. Nonetheless, we recommend the children from 10 to 12 years old, as they gave good calibration and smooth running eye tracking sessions. 3.2 Tools and Settings The usability testing is conducted at Persatuan Disleksia Malaysia in Sungai Petani, Kedah. BacaDisleksia application is displayed using a computer attached to Tobii eyetracker. The children were briefed and given a short tutorial on how to use the software  
   
  Eye-Tracking Usability Data of BacaDisleksia  
   
  73  
   
  before the start of the test. At the beginning of the test, the eye gaze of each participant is calibrated. The calibration process may take quite some time to complete. Participants were advised to follow the following regulation to ensure successful calibration and avoid further issues during eye tracking. The regulations are no glasses, no hat, no physical objects that could potentially get between the eye and the eye-tracker, sitting relatively straight in the chair, does not fidget or move too much, and remains at about 20 to 23 inches from the monitor at all times, and remain positioned in the middle of the monitor at all times. 3.3 The Tasks Five tasks have been identified based on the main functions and purpose of BacaDisleksia as listed in Table 1. With the five tasks, the participants were asked to express their thoughts during the test, following the Thinking Out Loud method. The premise is that users keep up a running commentary to say what they think as they attempt their tasks. This can help to better understand usability issues and suggest solutions to the problems faced. However, the tester has to facilitate the process by asking probing questions, considering that the participants are children with limited expression of thoughts and actions. Table 1. The tasks specified for the usability test using an eye tracker. No.  
   
  Tasks  
   
  1  
   
  Log in to the application  
   
  2  
   
  Change the colour of the syllables (avatar’s clothing)  
   
  3  
   
  Change the colour of the background  
   
  4  
   
  Find the word ‘bapa’ and spell it aloud  
   
  5  
   
  Find and record the pronunciation of the word ‘sayang’  
   
  While the participants carried out these tasks, the data on the achievement of each task, the duration taken to complete each task, and the difficulties encountered in performing the tasks were observed and recorded.  
   
  4 Results and Discussion This section presents the results from the eye-tracking usability test conducted with the children and discusses the findings. Table 2 tabulates the performance of each participant in seconds. T1 to T5 denote Task 1 to Task 5, with 1 referring to successful attempt and 0 unsuccessful attempt. As can be seen, all five participants successfully completed all five tasks but with different duration spent to attempt each task.  
   
  74  
   
  H. Husni et al. Table 2. Performance tasks data recorded by eye-tracker.  
   
  Participant T1 Time T2 Time T3 Time T4 Time T5 Time Total time taken P1  
   
  1  
   
  13  
   
  1  
   
  27  
   
  1  
   
  9  
   
  1  
   
  13  
   
  1  
   
  26  
   
  88  
   
  P2  
   
  1  
   
  55  
   
  1  
   
  19  
   
  1  
   
  22  
   
  1  
   
  18  
   
  1  
   
  38  
   
  152  
   
  P3  
   
  1  
   
  25  
   
  1  
   
  19  
   
  1  
   
  8  
   
  1  
   
  24  
   
  1  
   
  37  
   
  113  
   
  P4  
   
  1  
   
  23  
   
  1  
   
  12  
   
  1  
   
  5  
   
  1  
   
  12  
   
  1  
   
  35  
   
  87  
   
  P5  
   
  1  
   
  56  
   
  1  
   
  20  
   
  1  
   
  6  
   
  1  
   
  12  
   
  1  
   
  173  
   
  267  
   
  P6  
   
  1  
   
  49  
   
  1  
   
  40  
   
  1  
   
  15  
   
  1  
   
  21  
   
  1  
   
  27  
   
  152  
   
  Mean  
   
  37  
   
  23  
   
  11  
   
  17  
   
  56  
   
  Referring to Table 2, Task 1, i.e., login into the application, has a fairly high average time as two participants, i.e., P2 and P5 spending over 50% than the average time. While Task 2 (change the avatar’s appearance) has one participant that almost doubled the average time of all the participants. In addition, all participants’ performances for Task 4 is almost around the average time suggesting that all participants did not have much problem completing the task. For task 3 “Change the colour of the board’s background”, the mean time taken to complete is the lowest. However, there is an outlier for this task as participant P2 took the longest time taken to complete at 22 s which is double the average time. As for task 5 “Find and record the pronunciation” of the word ‘sayang’, the mean duration is the highest at 56 s. This task requires participants to find the word ‘sayang’ and record their pronunciation. Although all participants managed to complete the task, participant P5 however took the longest time of 173 s. Participant P5 also had the longest time recorded for Task 1 (56 s) which is “Log in to the application”. Participant 5 also had the longest total time taken to complete all of the tasks, where the participant spent almost half of the time completing Task 5. The eye-tracking data was examined to understand usability issues in detail related to the task as only participant P5 had difficulty accomplishing the task. Looking at the heat map in Fig. 3(a) and (b), the participant focused on the wording and the left and right arrows to find the word ‘sayang’, which is the critical area in searching for the word. This can be seen in the heat map zone that is represented in colour, for which area the participant focuses heavily on. The red color presents the most focused area followed by yellow and green. The heat zones at the arrow area to find next words and also the time spend on the wording at center also proved that the participant had difficulty in searching the words ‘sayang’ as compared to participant P1 which has a lesser density of colour in the two area. In addition, from the gaze plot in Fig. 4(a) for participant P5 as compared to participant P1 in Fig. 4(b), the eye gaze of the participant P5 started to wander to another part of the interphase when the participant failed to find the word ‘sayang’. Participant P1, which has the lowest completion time, shows much less fixation count. This shows that the focus and attention of the children started to lessen when they faced difficulty finding the word. Hence, choosing the right font, size, and design of how the word is  
   
  Eye-Tracking Usability Data of BacaDisleksia  
   
  75  
   
  Fig. 3. a) Heat map for P5 Task 5, and b) Heat map for P1 Task 5.  
   
  presented is essential in aiding dyslexic children in finding the correct word. According to this data, the participant took a lot of time to complete the task.  
   
  Fig. 4. a) Gaze plot for P5 Task 5, and b) Gaze plot for P1 Task 5.  
   
  For Task 1, participants P2 and P5 both have a high completion time to complete the login task. Participant P2 took high time to complete because instead of a nickname, the participant keyed in the full name. While participant P5 took some time to complete the task because participant P5 made a lot of typing errors and had difficulty differentiating the alphabet on the laptop’s keyboard. According to the gaze plot in Fig. 5(a), Fig. 5(b) and Fig. 5(c), two participants spent quite some time typing their names, which showed that they had issues with either spelling their names or finding the letters on the keyboard, or both. Only one participant, i.e. P1 in Fig. 5(c) seems to not having much problem with the task the gaze plots are rather focused on the targeted area. All participants are computer literate but not frequent users except for P1. Another notable finding is on Task 3 (Change the color of the board’s background). The heat map and gaze plot data, as depicted in Fig. 6, participant P2 shows the gaze is not focused on the color-board palette at the bottom side of the interface, which is the area of interest for the task. The red colored shade is located in many areas – the character’s area, level of difficulty area, and even at the word displayed. Hence, the placement of the color palette menu is also essential to avoid confusion to dyslexic children. The placement should be more visible and easier to reach.  
   
  76  
   
  H. Husni et al.  
   
  Fig. 5. a) Gaze plot for P2 Task 1, b) Gaze plot for P5 Task 1, and c) Gaze plot for P1 Task 1.  
   
  Fig. 6. Gaze plot and heat map for P2 Task 3.  
   
  In this study, the usage of an eye tracker in the usability of BacaDisleksia gives a better understanding and comprehension of the usability problems of BacaDisleksia towards dyslexic children. BacaDisleksia is designed and developed to assist dyslexic children to learn to read with their own preferences on the color of the font, the background, and the levels of difficulties, presumably reducing their cognitive load while attempting to read. To determine its usability issues, the evaluation was made to understand problems encountered during the children’s learning session thus improving the design. In addition to the traditional usability study such as the study of effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction, the usage of eye-tracker provides data visualization in the form of heatmaps and gaze plots. These two visualization data indicate the amount of time and the focus of the eye gaze spent and its movement. The significant intensity of the heatmap accumulated can be observed from participant P5 upon completing Task 5. The participant spent a lot of time at the word, causing the color intensity to darken thus showing the area of eye focus. The significant gaze plot that shows a lot of eye movement can be found in participant P2 task 5. The eye movement of the participant shows that she encountered problems when trying to find the color palette to change the reading background colour. The color palette’s position is located at the bottom side of the interface and besides the word level difficulties (denoted by three facial expressions). Participant P2 eye movement went all over the user interface rather than going straight to the designated palette to complete the task given. The user interface design may need to be reconsidered; for example, moving the color palette to the side of the user interface as the focus of the children may be  
   
  Eye-Tracking Usability Data of BacaDisleksia  
   
  77  
   
  distracted by the facial expressions (level of difficulties icons) at the bottom. Besides, the left side of the interface is not as crowded as the bottom side. Although the children successfully completed all tasks, they were having difficulty operating the software because most dyslexic children are not good at using computers or have less experience using a computer. Most of them are novice users and rarely use computers. This can be shown when some of the children had difficulty typing their names, perhaps due to them having dyslexia and thus making it harder for them to find the alphabet. The arrangement of the alphabet on the keyboard is one of the reasons for the delay in completing the task. The children are used to the sequence of ‘ABCs’ that they need to find the alphabet one at a time. They often encounter typing errors and confusion to differentiate the alphabet, such as ‘D’ and ‘O’. One of the children took almost one minute just to log in to the application even though her name only contains five alphabets. She obviously had difficulty differentiating the alphabet. She confused ‘D’ with ‘O’, ‘A’ with ‘R’, and ‘M with ‘N’. However, most children only encountered difficulty operating the computer while logging in. After logging in, they did not have much difficulty. They can operate the software fairly well. This was proven for participant P5. Even though she had difficulty during login which is the first task, she managed to perform well for the subsequent tasks. She understood the task well and knew how to operate BacaDisleksia application with minimal error. This can also be observed in “Find the word ‘bapa’ and spell it outloud” task (Task 4). All the children managed to complete the task on average at the same time. The dyslexic children find the word ‘bapa’, which only has four alphabets in a two-syllable word. Compared to Task 5, which is to find the words ‘sayang’, although it is a two-syllable word, the second syllable ‘yang’ imposed some difficulty to some of the children comes with the diphthong (‘ng’), making it more challenging to spell and read correctly. Thus, more time is needed to find, identify, and read the word. Therefore, the design of how the word should be presented could be considered to assist dyslexic children in reading longer, more difficult words.  
   
  5 Design Decisions and Recommendation The eye tracking data, provides valuable and insightful design suggestions for the improvement of BacaDisleksia. Of course, the fundamentals remain, but the user interface could be improved further for better interaction, providing enhanced reading experience. Firstly, the namespace in the login interface. As the blank space to fill in their name use a feature that can fill in unlimited alphabet, by limiting the alphabet, children can only enter their nickname in the space which can prevent them from entering their full name thus reducing the error and can improve their emotional distress. There is obviously the pros and cons to it – on the positive note, it is easier for them to spell out short names rather the long ones; on the other hand, it could also be a platform for them to learn to spell their full name. Anyway, it is a matter of choice and what objective we are aiming for. Technically, both can be easily accomplished. Secondly, the representation of the word. Having different levels of difficulty with the word is a great idea, but how the word is represented is also an important element  
   
  78  
   
  H. Husni et al.  
   
  to assist dyslexic children. In addition to different syllables having different colors, adding a hyphen in between two or more syllables can also help children who are suffering from severe dyslexia, as suggested by [17, 18]. This would assist in terms of its visual representation, which further enhanced the separation of the syllables in a word and between alphabets. Dyslexic children find crowded words jumpy, making reading difficult and stressful [19]. Eliminating or reducing stress and cognitive load is important for their successful design. Thirdly, the placement of the color palette for choosing the background color. This feature is considered one of the important factors leading to correct spelling and reading. Based on the eye-tracking data, the current position at the bottom of the user interface has caused some distractions to the children. This is probably due to the somewhat crowded space at the bottom of the user interface with many icons and features. Instead of putting it at the bottom of the page, the background color could be place near the font color (or syllable color) selection located at the right side of the user interface. Re-positioning this color palette would satisfy one of the Gestalt Principles as it groups similar, related features, thus reducing cognitive load in terms of interaction. Such design suggestions could be mapped and summarized into suitable Interaction Design (IxD) dimensions for design recommendation. The IxD dimensions considered include text (1D), visual representation (2D), and behavior (5D). There are also potential considerations of careful design of time (3D) and space (4D) to enhance the learning experience for the children using BacaDisleksia. However, based on the findings and new insights obtained from the eye-tracking usability conducted, much of the design decisions and recommendations fall under 2D and 5D, leaving 1D not so much affected. This suggests improving the representation of the words and the layout of the user interface following Gestalt Principle and mapping it back to what children with dyslexia really need to read better and more accurately using an application. The login user interface suggests considering the third IxD dimension, i.e., time (3D), towards improving the interaction. The time recorded to accomplish each task, as depicted in Table 2, could also point out areas of the interaction that can be further improved. By providing the mapping of IxD dimensions and existing principles in HCI, having the characteristics of children with dyslexia and their specific needs serving as the foundation of such inclusive design, a reading application such as BacaDisleksia could be leveraged as an assistive technology for facilitating reading to these struggling readers. This could lead to positive development in inclusive design for children with learning disabilities, as careful consideration is crucial, and adaptation to such specific needs requires careful design, understanding, and empathy.  
   
  6 Conclusion Eye-tracking usability could uncover unnoticed issues that potentially lead to insightful design improvement. The eye movement, eye gaze, and the children’s focus can be evaluated with the tasks prepared for them. The study results are presented in the form of heat maps and gaze plots. From the testing, all of the children completed all the tasks given even though a few children took longer to complete the task. The heat map and gaze plot of these participants were analyzed and compared to children with little  
   
  Eye-Tracking Usability Data of BacaDisleksia  
   
  79  
   
  difficulty completing the tasks given. With the aid of an eye tracker in usability testing, the data received can be portrayed visually, making the analysis process much easier. From the analyzed data, issues regarding the application can be identified. Based on the result, a few suggestions have been made to discuss the application’s design to enhance the user experience of children learning to read using BacaDisleksia, mapped to the IxD dimensions, including text, visual representation, behavior, and time. By considering more dimensions in the design decision for dyslexia, it is hoped that the application or solution could lead towards providing inclusivity for the children, whose struggles are real and therefore demand more effort in assisting them to learn.  
   
  References 1. Strohmaier, A.R., MacKay, K.J., Obersteiner, A., Reiss, K.M.: Eye tracking methodology in mathematics education research: a systematic literature review. Educ. Stud. Math. 104, 147–200 (2020) 2. Interaction Design Foundation. The five languages or dimensions of interaction design. https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/the-five-languages-or-dim ensions-of-interaction-design 3. Abowd, G.D., Beale, R.: Users, systems and interfaces: a unifying framework for interaction. In: People and Computers (HCI 1991), vol. 4, pp. 73–87. Elsevier, Stuttgart (1991) 4. Irlen, H.: Reading by the Colors: Overcoming Dyslexia and Other Reading Disabilities Through the Irlen Method. Perigree Book, New York (2005) 5. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Dyslexia. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke. https://www.ninds.nih.gov/health-information/disorders/dyslexia 6. Shaywitz, S.: Overcoming Dyslexia, 2nd edn. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, New York (2020) 7. Maja, L., Pitt, I., Andreja, I.S.: Optimal multimedia combination for students with dyslexia. Adv. Methodol. Statist. 17(2) (2020) 8. Wang, J., Antonenko, P., Celepkolu, M., Jimenez, Y., Fieldman, E., Fieldman, A.: Exploring relationships between eye tracking and traditional usability testing data. Int. J. Hum. Comput. Interact. 35(6), 483–494 (2018) 9. Cowen, L., Ball, L.J., Delin, J.: An eye movement analysis of web page usability. In: People and Computers XVI-Memorable Yet Invisible, pp. 317–335. Springer, London (2002) 10. Nielsen, J., Pernice, K.: Eyetracking Web Usability. Pearson (2011) 11. Wu, Y., Cheng, J., Kang, X.: Study of smart watch interface usability evaluation based on eyetracking. In: International Conference of Design, User Experience, and Usability, pp. 98–109. Springer, Cham (2016) 12. Manhartsberger, M., Zellhofer, N.: Eye tracking in usability research: what users really see. Empowering software quality: how can usability engineering reach these goals? Usab. Symp. 198, 141–152 (2005) 13. Franzen, L., Stark, Z., Johnson, A.P.: Individuals with dyslexia use a different visual sampling strategy to read text. Sci. Rep. 11, 6449 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-021-84945-9 14. Nerušil, B., Polec, J., Škunda, J., et al.: Eye tracking based dyslexia detection using a holistic approach. Sci. Rep. 11, 15687 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-021-95275-1 15. Benfatto, N.M., Seimyr, Ö.G., Ygge, J., Pansell, T., Rydberg, A., Jacobson, C.: Screening for dyslexia using eye tracking during reading. PLoS One 11(12) (2016) 16. Gran Ekstrand, A.C., Benfatto, N.M., Seimyr, Ö.G.: Screening for reading difficulties: comparing eye tracking outcomes to neuropsychological assessments. Front. Educ. 6, 643232 (2021)  
   
  80  
   
  H. Husni et al.  
   
  17. Harley, T.A., O’Mara, D.A.: Hyphenation can improve reading in acquired phonological dyslexia. Aphasiology 20(8), 744–761 (2006) 18. Häikiö, T., Luotojärvi, T.: The effect of syllable-level hyphenation on novel word reading in early finnish readers: evidence from eye movements. Sci. Stud. Read. 26(1), 38–46 (2021) 19. Ismail, R., Jaafar, A.: Important features in text presentation for children with dyslexia. J. Theor. Appl. Inf. Technol. 63(3), 694–700 (2014)  
   
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model for Identifying ADHD Based on Integrating Brain Atlases Dalia A. Al-Ubaidi1(B)  
   
  , Azurah A. Samah1  
   
  , and Mahdi Jasim2  
   
  1 Faculty of Computing, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, 81310 Skudai, Johor, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  2 University of Information Technology and Communications, Baghdad, Iraq  
   
  Abstract. Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a frequent neurodevelopmental disorder affecting children and adults, which is routinely diagnosed based on subjective observations and behavioural assessments. Recent advancements in neuroimaging, particularly in resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI), have provided a better understanding of the functional brain network impairments linked to ADHD. The human brain naturally consists of resting-state networks (RSNs) that are spatially distinct and functionally homogenous. Therefore, identifying ADHD biomarkers using the human brain’s RSNs is a promising approach. In order to make accurate statistical inferences in brain science, it is necessary to utilize brain atlases for localizing network-ofinterest (NoIs). However, locating the spatial components of these RSNs using human brain functional atlases poses challenges due to a lack of disease-specific atlases and atlases concordance issues. This research (1) conducts a study and addresses six RSNs that are frequently referenced in ADHD literature: (Auditory-, Cognitive Control-, Dorsal Attention-, Default Mode-, Sensorimotor-, and Ventral Attention-) Networks (2) Introduces a framework that attempts to enhance the generation of ADHD-specific brain reference, named “Hexa-Net”; This comprehensive approach may improve the reliability and applicability of ADHD studies to a fresh level via segregating and integrating the brain into (NoIs) by evaluating predetermined brain atlases. We hypothesize that the Hexa-Net Model can offer a more precise and unbiased method for identifying ADHD-related impairments. As a result, this framework serves as a practical guide for analyzing biomarkers from rs-fMRI scans to aid in diagnosing ADHD. Keywords: ADHD identification Framework · Brain Networks Analysis · Functional Brain atlases · Resting-state networks · Hexa-Net Model  
   
  1 Introduction Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder that primarily affects children and continues to adulthood [1, 2]. Diagnosing ADHD is difficult due to various factors, such as the absence of gold standards or single tests © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 81–94, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_7  
   
  82  
   
  D. A. Al-Ubaidi et al.  
   
  that can precisely identify the condition [3]. Clinicians frequently diagnose ADHD by utilising the criteria outlined by “the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th edition (DSM-V)” [4, 5], as stated in Fig. 1.  
   
  Fig. 1. Conventional Strategy for Classifying and Diagnosing ADHD (based on DSM-V)  
   
  ADHD symptoms are believed to originate from an atypical organisation of brain networks along with impaired connectivity [6]. Therefore, neuroimaging has become another technique for studying brain syndromes and disorders such as ADHD [7, 8], among them, resting-state fMRI (rs-fMRI) is commonly used to study the primary brain networks [9]. The organisation of the human brain is achieved through the interconnection of a system of neurons. Recent techniques in decomposition and clustering have been used to study whole-brain rs-fMRI data, exposing various cortical regions that are physically separated but functionally connected. This phenomenon is referred to as “Resting-State Networks (RSNs)” or “intrinsic connectivity networks” [10]. This approach enables examining the brain and how it works from a novel standpoint that considers the intricacy of its internal organisation. Studies have indeed indicated that individuals with ADHD experience extensive oddities in the brain network rather than specific in certain regions [11]. The incorporation of network theory into the brain connectivity analysis has demonstrated considerable promise in understanding the organisational principles of the brain and how they pertain to cognitive processes along with neurological pathologies [12]. However, defining network nodes is crucial in constructing brain connectivity networks [13]. Utilizing a vertex- or voxel-based depiction could give rise to a network  
   
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model  
   
  83  
   
  exhibiting abundant noise and exceedingly high dimensionality. Consequently, the task of analysing brain networks might frequently pose a challenge [14]. An alternate approach for defining the brain’s nodes involves segregating the brain into discrete regions, also known as brain parcellation. Each parcel is then assigned as a node within the connectivity network [15]. Research indicates network-level brain segregation might be the best practice for analyzing cognitive function to identify reliable biomarkers for neuropsychiatric disorders [16]. In brain science, connectivity-based parcellation involves grouping voxels in brain areas that share similar connectivity patterns. However, to ensure precise statistical inferences, it is important to use brain atlases to locate regions of interest as an initial stage. Brain atlases are crucial to the reliability of brain network research that tries to solve the issue of brain segregation, reveal network features and assist in identifying diseases by utilizing neuroimaging data; proper atlases allow the integration of structural and functional brain network analysis [16]. Although there are numerous deployed structural and functional brain atlases, but there is no uniformity in the parcellations created by those atlases [17], which poses “Brain Atlases Concordance Problem” as clarified in Fig. 2 [18, 19]. This is because each atlas represents a brain label based on the knowledge available at the time of its creation. There is no ground truth parcellation of the cerebral cortex especially for a particular syndrome or disorder, which makes it hard to evaluate the effectiveness and the accuracy of parcellation algorithms [20].  
   
  Fig. 2. This image clarify that the parcellations defined by different atlases lack consistency and is adopted from [18] to visualize the “Brain Atlases Concordance Problem”: The Superior Temporal gyrus defined at different ways by four different atlases (from left to right AAL1, CerebrA, Hammersmith and Harvard Oxford (HO)).  
   
  Insufficient attention has been given to standardizing brain atlases [21]. As far as researchers know, no ADHD-specific brain functional atlas or reference is obtained from rs-fMRI data; thus, neuroimaging studies targeted at comprehending the functional connectivity and cognitive performance of the ADHD brain may be restricted without a frame of reference. One challenge arises when different catalogues/atlases assign the same label to RSNs despite their distinct spatial composition. To overcome these challenges with the target of creating an ADHD-specific brain reference, this work suggested an approach in the context of unifying and integrating multiple brain networks from predefined brain atlases into one model, this work proposes a systematic framework for conducting a methodical evaluation of several functional brain parcellations regardless of their generating approaches and the number of  
   
  84  
   
  D. A. Al-Ubaidi et al.  
   
  delineated networks to identify and label multi-source RSNs into single brain reference accurately. An introduction to ADHD, its diagnostic criteria, and the contribution of neuroimaging of the disorder diagnosis was provided above; then, the rest of the paper is organized as follows: Sect. 2. Dives into the state of arts on methods identified ADHD-based (RSNs) and the commonly used pre-computed brain atlases. Then Sect. 2 offers a schematic framework for selecting a parcellation tailored to ADHD brain investigations. Additionally, in Sect. 3, the researcher discusses how to use the suggested framework could standardize brain RSNs identification in ADHD research. Furthermore, Sect. 4 concludes the work.  
   
  2 Related Works 2.1 The Role of RSNs in Identifying ADHD Functional and structural connectivity alterations have been documented in various neuropsychiatric conditions [22]. Evidence revealed that individuals with ADHD experience dysregulation of neural networks (i.e., across multiple brain regions) as DAN, DMN, and AUN, not just specific ones, as proofed by extensive research in this field [23, 24]. This section explores the question of how many networks are thought to have dysfunctional behaviour in ADHD. The exact delineation of brain regions and networks is an essential concept in neuroscience; function, connectivity, architecture, and topography are crucial in defining these regions [22, 25]. Variability in network nomenclature across studies limits the integration of findings. Recent research indicates that ADHD may arise from alterations in brain connectivity patterns, particularly in functional connectivity networks (RSNs) among different brain regions that coordinate cognition and activity [24]. Acknowledging that various atlases may utilize different terminology when describing identical anatomical regions and (RSNs) is essential. In depth, the Cognitive Control Network (CCN) simultaneously known as Fronto-Parietal Control Network (FPCN) or Executive Control Network (ECN) as stated in [26, 27], while Yeo, Krienen [28] used the term Ventral Attention Network (VAN) which is referred to Salience Network (SN) in [29] and Cingulo-Opercular Network in [17]. Furthermore, “Affective or Motivational Network” is sometimes referred to as “Limbic Network”; Sect. 4 provides more information about this challenge. Another issue is that RSNs are frequently categorized by authors who often exhibit biases that arise from their subjective understanding of the network’s spatial or functional configurations. Finally, some atlases offer individual maps for subdivisions within the same RSN, and they require integration to represent the complete RSN; For instance, some scholars have employed the Sensorimotor Network (SMN) to signify the incorporated Sensorimotor and Auditory Networks (AUN). Conversely, others have deemed it appropriate to split it into two discrete (RSNs): the primary SMN and the Auditory Network (AUN) [17]. Three theories have been introduced here, from the perspective of RSNs, to advance the study of ADHD Brain Connectivity. These theories are based on previous studies and aim to build upon existing knowledge:  
   
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model  
   
  85  
   
  Default Mode Network Hypothesis. In this hypothesis, the (DMN) is considered the major Network-of-Interest (NoI) to examining ADHD brains [14, 30]; DMN is a RSN that is mostly active during rest that made it optimal to study on resting-state experiments. Tri-Network Hypothesis. Also known as Menon’s Tri-Network model originated by Vinod Menon who proposed theoretical framework on the justification that “different forms of psychopathology or symptom profiles are caused by disturbances in the interactions between different brain networks”; those three distinct brain networks that are associated with different symptom patterns are: DMN, Central Executive Network (CEN) and Silence Network [31]. However, examining the functional connectivity and interactions among these three networks can yield valuable insights into the fundamental mechanisms associated with (ADHD). Hypothesis Established on RSNs Connectivity Trends in ADHD Studies. Our hypothesis depends on exploring emerging ADHD studies to conclude RSNs connectivity trends. Authors observed that individuals with ADHD exhibit decreased anticorrelations between the DMN and task-based networks (i.e., CEN) during rest [6]. However, another study has found that individuals with ADHD tend to have reduced FC within DMN-DAN and increased FC between DMN-DAN [32]. Furthermore, Sutcubasi, Metin [27] noted that no impacts related to ADHD were detected on (Affective/Motivational Network or limbic network); so based on that this study excludes exploring it. It is essential to acknowledge that the lack of studies deals with alterations in AUN and SMN, and the limited number of voxels detected at these regions on previous studies, could have various reasons beyond sample size differences. Prior studies revealed that ADHD individuals were more sensitive to noise, potentially linked to an increased FC in the auditory network [33]. Kids with ADHD exhibit poor Auditory Processing [39], so this network would be included in the suggested model. Table 1 states the frequently discovered RSNs in ADHD. Table 1. Resting-State Network discoveries in ADHD studies Ref. RSNs discoveries [34] hyperconnectivity between DAN-VAN and within DMN and VAN; [35] focus on measuring rs-FC at all RSNs; and draw a valuable conclusion for brain network dysregulation hypothesis of ADHD [27] interconnectivity within: (DMN), (CCN), (VAN), and Affective/Motivational Network (AMN); [33] assumed that ADHD related to the (AUN), (DAN), (VAN), and (SMN); [23] investigated (DAN), (DMN), and (VAN) in ADHD children, and they reported that there is hyperconnectivity in (DMN-DAN), (DMN-SMN), (DMN-AUN); No alterations among VAN regions compared to Typical Development (TD); [36] ADHD subjects were shown to have decreased FC between their Visual and VAN networks;  
   
  86  
   
  D. A. Al-Ubaidi et al.  
   
  Based on the mentioned findings, the root cause of ADHD-related brain dysfunction seems to be an imbalance in brain network organization. According to the previously stated hypotheses plus the outlined findings, this study sought to name six (RSNs) with uniform labels to be integrated into one consensual model to be a disease-specific or particularly an ADHD-specific brain reference, which are: Auditory Network (AUN), Cognitive Control Network (CCN), Dorsal Attention Network (DAN), Default Mode Network (DMN), Sensorimotor Network (SMN), and Ventral Attention Network (VAN) and integrated into a “Hexa-Net Model”; this model could serve as the basis for future ADHD identification studies. 2.2 Pre-Defined Human Brain Atlases in ADHD Studies The more adaptable method in rs-fMRI data analysis is starting with an atlas to define brain seeds/nodes which perform a controlled clustering to dive into the available data. The idea of a brain template was established to get a standard brain parcellation that spatially constrained with functionally homogenous clusters. Several brain atlases are available in the neuroscience literature. Brain parcellations are time templates that extract the functional brain regions utilized based on data mining approaches [37]. Many common brain atlases were used in ADHD identification studies. Table 2, an overview of the commonly adopted structural and functional brain atlases that have proven valuable for ADHD researchers. Table 2. An overview to the commonly utilized Brain atlases in ADHD studies #ROI  
   
  Analytical Approach  
   
  Ref.  
   
  Structural Brain Atlases AAL  
   
  115  
   
  anatomically/ structurally defined digital human brain in software [38] package;  
   
  EZ  
   
  115  
   
  generated using the max-propagation atlas that was provided with [18] the SPM Anatomy Toolbox. The atlas was divided into functional space using nearest-neighbor interpolation and then translated into template space using the Colin-27 template  
   
  TT  
   
  93–110  
   
  subsequently divided into functional space using nearest neighbors’ interpolation after being co-registered, warped, and shifted into template space  
   
  [18]  
   
  HO  
   
  110  
   
  consists of probabilistic atlases for the cortical and subcortical regions  
   
  [18]  
   
  Functional Brain Atlases Yeo  
   
  # Parcel  
   
  Analytical Approach  
   
  Ref  
   
  7–17  
   
  Spectral clustering algorithms; the number of final parcels depends on the stability of clustering algorithm;  
   
  [28] (continued)  
   
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model  
   
  87  
   
  Table 2. (continued) #ROI  
   
  Analytical Approach  
   
  Ref.  
   
  Power  
   
  10–13  
   
  Global similarity approach based on a graph-based community detection algorithm (Infomap);  
   
  [39]  
   
  CC200  
   
  190–200  
   
  spatially constrained spectral clustering using 200 ROIs with homogeneous functional connectivity;  
   
  [40]  
   
  CC400  
   
  351–400  
   
  CC400 is a reproduction of the CC200 but it to spanning 400 regions;  
   
  [40]  
   
  Schaefer 100–1000 The integrated gradient-weighted Markov Random Field (gwMRF) model; starts from 100 to 1000 parcels and is incremented by 100  
   
  [41]  
   
  2.3 ADHD-200 Dataset The NeuroBureau ADHD-200 dataset is the primary foundation for the ongoing rsfMRI research on ADHD [42]. ADHD-200 a large-scale fMRI neuroimaging dataset. In ADHD-200, each subject’s data usually contain structural images (T1-weighted) and functional images (fMRI). Furthermore, phenotypic information (e.g., demographic attributes, and clinical evaluation data) was made publicly available [43]. Applying sophisticated methods for diagnosing ADHD was accomplished by the availability of the ADHD-200 dataset [14]. The ADHD-200 dataset is the primary data source used in the ongoing rs-fMRI studies on ADHD [44]. Detailed information related to ADHD200 dataset (scan parameters, experiment details, handedness, IQ, and other PCD) and the pre-processing pipelines can be found on the (https://fcon_1000.projects.nitrc.org/ indi/adhd200/ ) and [45] provide extra information about ADHD-200. It’s worth noting that, Cortese, Aoki [46] conducted a meta-analysis study and reported that ADHD-200 project provided the proof of concept.  
   
  3 Proposed Framework 3.1 Hexa-Net Framework: A New Modeling Framework to Conceptualize ADHD Brain Parcellation Concordance across multiple anatomical and functional atlases continues to be a subject of ongoing study in neuroimaging [18]. Choosing a suitable brain atlas for a study is affected by factors as: (1) delineating identical labels to RSNs, despite their spatial composition and (2) drawing a meaningful comparison across brain parcellations that have been produced independently by different research labs, using different datasets, and/or in different coordinate systems [20, 41]. From the aforementioned and based on studies conducted by [17, 20, 25], this study suggested a Hexa-Net framework, that aims to be a researcher’s guide for analyzing biomarkers from rs-fMRI scans using muti-source brain atlases in terms of ADHD identification, refer to Fig. 3 for detailed information.  
   
  88  
   
  D. A. Al-Ubaidi et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. The proposed roadmap to standardize ADHD brain navigation and analysis: A Novel Schematic Approach to Generate Hexa-Net as an ADHD-specific Brain reference as an ADHD lesion map based on six NoIs; likewise, the paradigm above could be integrating any functional brain atlases instead of stated ones as well as studying other brain disorders.  
   
  3.2 Methods for Founding Hexa-Net Brain Reference Parcellating the brain into distinct regions is a practice that varies across atlases, with various standards and regional definitions. To evaluate results across studies that hire distinct atlases, concordance between the atlases must be established. Nonetheless, determining agreement between brain seeds (i.e., regions or networks) of disparate atlases is complex. The following steps state the process of creating a consensus brain reference by integrating multiple brain atlases: Selecting an Atlas-of-Interest for ADHD Study. This step is about naming study’s specific brain atlases to ensure their compatibility for further analysis. Brain atlases  
   
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model  
   
  89  
   
  are significant maps that facilitate the segregation of the cerebral cortex based on structural or functional features [16]. To build an ADHD-related lesion brain map, researchers should list more than three atlases based on research considerations and questions. More details about precomputed brain atlases that are extensively used in ADHD studies stated in Sect. 2.2. Network-of-Interests (NoIs). According to the investigation conducted in Sect. 2.1, this study identifies six major networks (i.e., Network-of-Interests (NoIs)) named (AUN, CCN, DAN, DMN, SMN, and VAN), as it has attracted significant attention in recent ADHD studies. Subsequently, the researcher is required to partition (AoIs) and analyze the spatial configuration of those (NoIs) utilizing the methodologies outlined in Table 2. Evaluating Interatlas Spatial Overlap. Assessing the effectiveness of parcellation models can be difficult as there is no definitive segmentation of the cerebral cortex to serve as a benchmark [20, 47]. This stage aims to clarify the differences between Atlasesof-Interests and their respective representations while also serving as a comparative tool for brain parcels across atlases. Several factors should be considered while analyzing multiple source brain atlases at once. To provide a detailed explanation of how to measure interatlas similarities which could be measured using measures stated in Table 3, each has its pros and cons. A systematic comparison should be performed across the selected atlases (1) to compare the entire spatial overlap among functional brain atlases that are chosen in the study by applying one of the reproducibility metrics (2) to measure the spatial configuration among the NoIs, the similarity among the six NoIs could be evaluated using accuracy metrics (3) to validate the resultant brain reference many researchers suggest evaluating homogeneity by measuring it within and between parcels. Table 3. A list of the proposed measurements for evaluating the agreements of the pre-defined brain parcellations similarities and how to quantify the resultant brain reference. Validation Measures  
   
  Technique  
   
  Dice Coefficient, Rand Index, Adjusted Rand Index, Adjusted Mutual Information  
   
  Reproducibility evaluates the similarity of two distinct sets of parcellations acquired from separate groups or different numbers of clusters (e.g., ROIs or NoIs)  
   
  Silhouette coefficient, Dice Accuracy Coefficient, Clustering Homogeneity measures (e.g., Kendall’s coefficient of concordance or variance percentage)  
   
  Specification  
   
  (1) evaluating voxels fidelity to the underlying network; (2) measuring the clustering separation quality of the new parcellation  
   
  90  
   
  D. A. Al-Ubaidi et al.  
   
  3.3 Generating the Hexa-Net Reference Based on Multi-source RSNs Fusion The Hexa-Net brain reference is an ADHD-specific brain template that relies on the original parcellations. The modelling phases intended to be implemented by adhering to the Hexa-Net framework guidance are depicted in Fig. 4. After conducting a comparative analysis of the atlases-of-interests (AoIs) agreement and evaluating how accurately they identified the (NoIs), it is necessary to extract the BOLD signals from rs-fMRI that reflects the spatial composition of the determined (NoIs) as defined by the AoIs for ADHD-200 subjects. Moreover, a clustering analysis is performed to successfully detect clusters of highly interconnected voxels based on their functional connectivity (FC) strengths.  
   
  Fig. 4. The suggested pipeline of Hexa-Net Model as ADHD-specific brain reference  
   
  4 Discussion Selecting appropriate research methods is a crucial, albeit challenging, aspect of analyzing brain functional connectivity. ADHD identification lies in understanding the exact etiology of ADHD. Atlases-of-Interests and parcellation evaluation measures could be regarded as a study benchmark in neuroimaging data analysis. Despite the availability of diverse atlases being valuable for researchers, the utilization of distinct parcellations across studies poses a challenge in evaluating the reproducibility of brain studies [21]. Brain parcellations may be established through (a) anatomical criteria, (b) functional criteria, or (3) a combination of both. The present study, conducted an in-depth exploration of the ADHD RSNs studies and the brain atlases that have extensively been published in the domain of neuroscience and ADHD in specific. Based on this exploration a HexaNet framework for replicating RSN findings in ADHD studies. The AUN, CCN, DAN, DMN, SMN, and VAN networks have been identified as RSNs that consistently correlate with ADHD across the literature [27, 30, 48]. Yet, there is considerable variance in these networks’ spatial layout across studies, which translates to the established functional atlases. The approach employed for RSN extraction and the size of the parcellation did not appear to affect the inter-atlas similarity when examined five popular atlases. The  
   
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model  
   
  91  
   
  approach employed for RSN extraction and the size of the parcellation did not appear to affect the inter-atlas similarity when examining five elected atlases. Table 3 listed a collection of evaluation techniques and metrics commonly used in literature to assess parcellations models, refer to [17, 20, 49] for extra details. These techniques have been divided into various categories. Hexa-Net framework offers a guide to the problem of RSN standardization and tries to overcome the drawbacks of the Atlases Concordance Problem. Drawing to a conclusion, Hexa-Net has been constructed as a lens for identifying ADHD, and it offers some key benefits over current approaches. The Hexa-Net approach seeks to simplify the process of standardizing new atlases and observing meta-data. Hexa-Net aims to reduce the search space of each RSNs by limiting it to the expected average cluster size, then leads to improved computational loads. Moreover, Hexa-Net might provide a replicable template of the six cognitive RSNs for other disease detection. However, creating ADHD-specific identification atlases using this framework could lead to the loss of certain brain regions due to sampling and registration reduction challenges.  
   
  5 Conclusion To our knowledge, there is a lack of ADHD studies that addressed the issue of consistencies across brain atlases in the context of standardizing RSNs. This work proposes a framework for creating an ADHD-specific brain reference guided by predefined brain atlases, which can help us better understand disrupted functional connectivity in ADHD brains. The proposed framework presents an obvious strategy for utilizing the integration/segregation regulations to identify variations in brain integration and segregation to specific Networks-of-Interest. By modelling six brain functional networks extensively stated in literature (AUN, CCN, DAN, DMN, SMN, and VAN) based on integrating multi-source brain atlases. This approach aims to balance network integration and segregation to achieve the best possible outcomes. Through this framework, researchers can assess the suitability of a group of brain atlases for blending the six RSNs. As a result, a “Hexa-Net framework” is suggested based on these considerations. All crucial details regarding the Hexa-Net model have been documented with a focus on addressing ADHD-specific brain references. This ensures that it can be easily utilized in future research with minimal effort. This methodology can be employed to assess the reliability of an atlas utilized in a disorder investigation.  
   
  References 1. Markovska-Simoska, S., Pop-Jordanova, N.: Quantitative EEG spectrum-weighted frequency (brain rate) distribution in adults with ADHD CNS Spectr. 16(5) 111–119 (2011) 2. Silk, T.J., et al.: A network analysis approach to ADHD symptoms: More than the sum of its parts. PLoS ONE 14(1), e0211053 (2019) 3. Miranda, L., et al.: Systematic review of functional MRI applications for psychiatric disease subtyping. Front. Psych. 12 (2021)  
   
  92  
   
  D. A. Al-Ubaidi et al.  
   
  4. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration: DSM-5 Changes: Implications for Child Serious Emotional Disturbance. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (US) (2016) 5. American Psychiatric Association: Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders (DSM-5®). American Psychiatric Pub. (2013) 6. Henry, T.R., Cohen, J.R.: Chapter 5 - Dysfunctional brain network organization in neurodevelopmental disorders. In: Munsell, B.C. et al. (ed.) Connectomics, pp. 83–100. Academic Press (2019) 7. Smith, S.M., et al.: A positive-negative mode of population covariation links brain connectivity, demographics and behavior. Nat. Neurosci. 18(11), 1565–1567 (2015) 8. Xue, G., et al.: Brain imaging techniques and their applications in decision-making research. Xin Li Xue Bao 42(1), 120–137 (2010) 9. Valsasina, P., et al.: Characterizing rapid fluctuations of resting state functional connectivity in demyelinating, neurodegenerative, and psychiatric conditions: from static to time-varying analysis. Front. Neurosci. 13 (2019) 10. Sporns, O.: Network attributes for segregation and integration in the human brain. Curr. Opin. Neurobiol. 23(2), 162–171 (2013) 11. Samea, F., et al.: Brain alterations in children/adolescents with ADHD revisited: A neuroimaging meta-analysis of 96 structural and functional studies. Neurosci. Biobehav. Rev. 100, 1–8 (2019) 12. Sporns, O.: Connectome networks: from cells to systems. In: Micro-. m, pp. 107-127. Springer, Cham (2016). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-27777-6_8 13. Eickhoff, S.B., Constable, R.T., Yeo, B.T.: Topographic organization of the cerebral cortex and brain cartography. Neuroimage 170, 332–347 (2018) 14. Castellanos, F.X., Aoki, Y.: Intrinsic functional connectivity in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a science in development. Biolo. Psychiat: Cognitive Neurosc. Neuroimaging 1(3), 253–261 (2016) 15. Sporns, O.: Graph theory methods: applications in brain networks. Dialogues in clinical neuroscience (2022) 16. Yao, Z., et al.: A review of structural and functional brain networks: small world and atlas. Brain Inform. 2(1), 45–52 (2015) 17. Doucet, G.E., Lee, W.H.,Frangou, S.: Evaluation of the spatial variability in the major restingstate networks across human brain functional atlases. Human Brain Mapping 40(15), 4577– 4587 (2019) 18. Revell, A.Y., et al.: A framework For brain atlases: lessons from seizure dynamics. Neuroimage 254, 118986 (2022) 19. Bohland, J.W., et al.: The brain atlas concordance problem: quantitative comparison of anatomical parcellations. PLoS ONE 4(9), e7200(2009) 20. Arslan, S., et al.: Human brain mapping: a systematic comparison of parcellation methods for the human cerebral cortex. Neuroimage 170, 5–30 (2018) 21. Lawrence, R.M., et al.: Standardizing human brain parcellations. Scientific Data 8(1), 78 (2021) 22. Eickhoff, S.B., et al.: Connectivity-based parcellation: critique and implications. Hum. Brain Mapp. 36(12), 4771–4792 (2015) 23. Lin, H., et al.: Functional connectivity of attention-related networks in drug-naïve children with ADHD. J. Atten. Disord. 25(3), 377–388 (2021) 24. Tang, Y., Zheng, S., Tian, Y.: Resting-state fMRI whole brain network function plasticity analysis in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Neural Plast. 2022, 4714763 (2022) 25. Uddin, L.Q., Yeo, B., Spreng, R.N.: Towards a universal taxonomy of macro-scale functional human brain networks. Brain Topogr. 32(6), 926–942 (2019)  
   
  Hexa-Net Framework: A Fresh ADHD-Specific Model  
   
  93  
   
  26. Kaboodvand, N., Iravani, B., Fransson, P. Dynamic synergetic configurations of resting-state networks in ADHD. NeuroImage, 207 (2020) 27. Sutcubasi, B., et al.: Resting-state network dysconnectivity in ADHD: a system-neurosciencebased meta-analysis. The World Journal of Biological Psychiatry 21(9), 662–672 (2020) 28. Yeo, B.T., et al.: The organization of the human cerebral cortex estimated by intrinsic functional connectivity. J. Neurophysiol. 106(3), 1125–1165 (2011) 29. Gao, Y., et al.: Impairments of large-scale functional networks in attentiondeficit/hyperactivity disorder: A meta-analysis of resting-state functional connectivity. Psychol. Med. 49(15), 2475–2485 (2019) 30. Hong, S.-B., Hwang, S.: Resting-state brain variability in youth with attentiondeficit/hyperactivity disorder. Front. Psych. 13 (2022) 31. Menon, V.: Large-scale brain networks and psychopathology: a unifying triple network model. Trends Cogn. Sci. 15(10), 483–506 (2011) 32. Cole, M.W., Schneider, W.: The cognitive control network: Integrated cortical regions with dissociable functions. Neuroimage 37(1), 343–360 (2007) 33. Zhang, H., et al.: Aberrant functional connectivity in resting state networks of ADHD patients revealed by independent component analysis. BMC Neurosci. 21(1), 39 (2020) 34. Sidlauskaite, J., et al.: Altered intrinsic organisation of brain networks implicated in attentional processes in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a resting-state study of attention, default mode and salience network connectivity. Eur. Arch. Psychiatry Clin. Neurosci. 266, 349–357 (2016) 35. Icer, S., Gengec Benli, S., Ozmen, S.: Differences in brain networks of children with ADHD: Whole-brain analysis of resting-state fMRI. In: International Journal of Imaging Systems and Technology 29(4), pp. 645–662 (2019) 36. Thomson, P., et al.: Longitudinal maturation of resting state networks: Relevance to sustained attention and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Cogn. Affect. Behav. Neurosci. 22(6), 1432–1446 (2022) 37. Ashourvan, A., et al.: Pairwise maximum entropy model explains the role of white matter structure in shaping emergent co-activation states. Communications Biology 4(1), 1–15 (2021) 38. Tzourio-Mazoyer, N., et al.: Automated anatomical labeling of activations in SPM using a macroscopic anatomical parcellation of the MNI MRI single-subject brain. Neuroimage 15(1), 273–289 (2002) 39. Power, J.D., et al.: Functional network organization of the human brain. Neuron 72(4), 665– 678 (2011) 40. Craddock, R.C., et al.: A whole brain fMRI atlas generated via spatially constrained spectral clustering. Hum. Brain Mapp. 33(8), 1914–1928 (2012) 41. Schaefer, A., et al.: Local-global parcellation of the human cerebral cortex from intrinsic functional connectivity MRI. Cereb. Cortex. Cortex 28(9), 3095–3114 (2018) 42. Wang, Z., et al.: Multiple measurement analysis of resting-state fMRI for ADHD classification in adolescent brain from the ABCD study. Transl. Psychiatry 13(1), 45 (2023) 43. Brown, M.R., et al.: ADHD-200 Global Competition: diagnosing ADHD using personal characteristic data can outperform resting state fMRI measurements. Front. Syst. Neurosci. 6, 69 (2012) 44. Lu, H., et al.: Multiple measurement analysis of resting-state fMRI for ADHD classification in adolescent brain from the ABCD Study. Transl. Psychiatry 13, 45 (2022) 45. Bellec, P., et al.: The Neuro Bureau ADHD-200 Preprocessed repository. Neuroimage 144(Pt B), 275–286 (2017) 46. Cortese, S., et al.: Systematic review and meta-analysis: resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. J. Am. Acad. Child Adolesc. Psychiatry 60(1), 61–75 (2021)  
   
  94  
   
  D. A. Al-Ubaidi et al.  
   
  47. Moghimi, P., et al.: Evaluation of functional MRI-based human brain parcellation: a review. J. Neurophysiol. 128(1), 197–217 (2022) 48. Lanzetta-Valdo, B.P., et al.: Auditory processing assessment in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: an open study examining methylphenidate effects. Int Arch Otorhinolaryngol 21(1), 72–78 (2017) 49. Thirion, B., et al.: Which fMRI clustering gives good brain parcellations? Front. Neurosci. 8, 167 (2014)  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy Fundus Image for Eye Care Facilities Nurul Atikah Mohd Sharif1 , Nor Hazlyna Harun1,2(B) , Nur Azmielia Muhammad Sharimi1 , Juhaida Abu Bakar1 , Hapini Awang2 and Zunaina Embong3  
   
  ,  
   
  1 Data Science Research Lab, School of Computing, University Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok,  
   
  Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Institute for Advanced and Smart Digital Opportunities, School of Computing, University Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia 3 Ophthalmologist, Department of Ophthalmology, School of Medical Sciences, Health Campus, Universiti Sains Malaysia, 16150 Kubang Kerian, Kelantan, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Examining retinal fundus images is compulsory for ophthalmologists to spot features of eye diseases. Some problems, including low contrast and blurred retinal fundus image, may seriously affect the diagnostic procedure, leading to misdiagnosis. Low quality of retinal fundus image makes recognition of features for Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) to be harder for the ophthalmologist. Moreover, there is a lack of eye care facilities infrastructure with ophthalmologists to serve multimorbid DR patients in rural areas, specifically Malaysia. Hence, this research proposed the development of an automated enhancement system based on computer vision and the Artificial Intelligence (AI) field to improve the quality of fundus images captured. The DR Enhancement System (DRES) helps ophthalmologists in the screening aspect by improving the detection of aberrant fundus images. Several methods for improving the fundus image are utilized: Retinex, Contrast Limited Adaptive Histogram Equalization (CLAHE), and Low-light enhancement. Results show that all methods performed better when improving low-contrast and blurred images. This study contributes to the screening process of DR by improving the quality of the retinal fundus image. The developed AI-based system can also help to solve healthcare logistics problems of reaching DR patients in rural areas. Keywords: Contrast Enhancement · Retinal Fundus Image · Diabetic Retinopathy · CLAHE · Low-light enhancement  
   
  1 Introduction Nowadays, the study of Artificial Intelligent (AI) applications in healthcare institutions is crucial for innovation that can increase productivity, reduce costs, and increase the profit of the institution [1]. In addition, computer vision is one of the fields under AI © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 95–109, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_8  
   
  96  
   
  N. A. M. Sharif et al.  
   
  that could interpret the visual world, and retinal fundus image is one of the implemented AI imaging subjects [2]. Retinal fundus image captured to define staging of diabetic retinopathy (DR), which is one of the chronic diseases. DR is a complication related to long-term diabetic diseases. It is pathologically affected by prolonged high blood sugar level that causes damage to the blood vessels in the retina. Damaged blood vessels can be seen as enlargement and leakage of the blood vessel. There are two types of DR: nonproliferative (NPDR) and proliferative (PDR). NPDR is a type of DR that is less severe and does not cause symptoms. PDR is a well-known type of DR that creates new fragile blood vessels in the retina [3]. There are a lot of people that have lost their eyesight because of DR. Earlier diagnosis and treatment, DR can be prevented from progressing to blindness. In order to diagnose DR, an ophthalmologist will look for abnormal signs such as haemorrhages, microaneurysms, and hard exudates that appeared on the retinal fundus image [4]. The examination of retinal fundus images is frequently employed in the current day to assist ophthalmologists in gathering essential information about a patient’s retina to detect DR [5]. In Malaysia nowadays, we are facing a shortage of ophthalmologists [6]. With the increasing trend of DR, it burdens ophthalmologists with more workload and fewer staff. Consequently, it contributes to long appointment waiting times and worsened DR staging prognoses. Furthermore, the procedure for treating the DR is usually made through an appointment with an ophthalmologist. Most patients only meet the ophthalmologist when the eye vision has blurring and or even blindness has set in. Problems also appeared as most of the retinal fundus images captured always faced low image quality, such as low contrast, low illumination, and colour inconsistency. Hence, due to aging populations, a shortage of ophthalmologists, and medical sustainability challenges, an efficient and accurate system is needed to make the procedure and the results accurate [7]. Therefore, this system’s existence can help the ophthalmologist make an early diagnosis and prognosis for the patient as the image can be automatically enhanced. This motivational approach may directly increase efficiency and creativity for eye care facilities infrastructure, specifically in rural areas. The research aims to design and construct an AI-based system for eyecare facilities that can improve retinal fundus images for detecting DR patients in rural areas. One of the most significant aspects of screening DR is detecting abnormal fundus images. Some problems, like low contrast and blur image, may seriously affect the diagnostic stages. The authors used three methods for improving the fundus image: Retinex, Contrast Limited Adaptive Histogram Equalization (CLAHE), and Low-Light Enhancement. These methods perform better in handling low-contrast images and blurred images [8]. So, based on this system, ophthalmologists can precisely identify a patient with a DR problem. Hopefully, it will improve systematic DR screening program, human resources, and infrastructure distribution that align with the population’s needs especially in rural areas. This study consists of six topics: introduction, related work, methodology, result and evaluation, and conclusion.  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy  
   
  97  
   
  2 Related Work This section explains the related study of image enhancement for diabetic retinopathy (DR). Dorothy et al. [9] developed a way to create colour retinal image enhancement depending on their understanding of retina architecture and imaging parameters. Researchers had presented a new improved method using a non-uniform sampling-based forecast of the degradation components and reviewed the findings of implementing it to a single colour plane; a colour image enhancement solution combining a linear colour remapping technique. The chromatic information of the original image is used in the remapping of colour procedure for retinal colour enhancement images. The RGB was converted to HSV (hue saturation value). An image with RGB colour space is created by integrating the increased intensity and saturation components with the original hue component. Enhancement’s influence on dark and bright lesions in a retinal image was investigated [10]. While in another study, RGB is transformed to Uniform Color Space. The Discrete Shearlet Transform (DST) divides the brightness components into many coefficients. It also has a non-linear mapping function that improves contrast and performs gamma correction—modified coefficient inverse DST. Finally, updated colour planes are combined to improve the image [11]. A study had modified Contourlet coefficients to improve image contrast. The results of the experiments demonstrate that this strategy is an effective and promising method for improving retinal images. Contrast Stretching relies on a number of features [4]. The strategy used in this study was to enhance brown regions by applying gamma correction to each red, green, and blue-bit picture. The histograms of each red, blue, and blue-bit picture were then stretched. After that, the studies utilized density analysis, and the bleeding candidates were identified. Finally, false positives were eliminated using the rule-based strategy. The researchers tested on 125 fundus images, 35 of which had haemorrhages and 90 of which were normal, to see how well the novel method for detecting haemorrhage worked [12]. While Feng et al. [5] used independent component analysis to improve low contrast retinal vasculature in the ocular fundus image by estimating the retinal pigment makeup, namely haemoglobin, melanin, and macular pigments. Several studies have used Retinex method for image enhancement. To investigate the influence of brightness variations in labelling and to demonstrate the accuracy of the suggested procedure, Vázquez et. al. Used two alternative ways [13]. The study concentrated on estimating illumination so that the Retinex on an image could be accurately performed. The image is filtered with the help of a Gauss Mask with various settings and scale [14]. The suggested method, which is based on an enhanced image formation model, effectively raises global and local contrasts concurrently, avoids colour change by boosting only the component picture, and practically eliminates halo artefact due to the use of JND-based non-linear LPF [15]. Zhang et al. [11] used RGB colour retinal image and break the colour image channel into three separate images: R, G, and B. Contrast Limited Adaptive Histogram Equalization (CLAHE) method is used in the G channel since it has more blood vessel structural information than the others. The image of the G channel is improved. The following step combines the three image channels (R, enhanced G, and R). The researchers were able to obtain an improved colour retinal image at the end of the procedure [11]. Furthermore, another study implemented a low-light method to enhance the image. The test  
   
  98  
   
  N. A. M. Sharif et al.  
   
  photos were collected from several data sets, and the improved photographs’ quality was assessed using subjective and objective evaluation. Clearly, the proposed method produces clear photographs with natural colour, regardless of whether the scene is close or far away, demonstrating the method’s effectiveness and usefulness [8]. By replicating the mechanisms involved at the particular level of retina, the suggested model improves foggy images. The suggested approach particularly contains physiologically inspired processing [9]. Other researchers used histogram equalization to assess image quality. This technique is frequently used to increase global contrast of a large number of photos, especially when close contrast values represent the images’ usable data. The levels on the histogram can have higher impact with this change. This enables locations with generally low contrast to obtain an increase in contrast [16]. This study has identified the best strategy for enhancing contrast in medical photos. It examines four strategies for equalizing a histogram of medical images: Histogram equalization (HE), Cumulative Histogram equalization (CHE), CLAHE, and Quadrant Dynamic Histogram Equalization (QDHE). It assesses each technique’s reaction using three criteria based on five medical images parameters: PSNR, MSE, and SD are acronyms for Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR), Mean Square Error (MSE), and Standard Deviation (SD) [17]. CLAHE was used to improve the image’s green channel contrast [18]. A new improved technique based on fuzzy set theory has been devised for grayscale non-uniform illumination images. The results showed that the proposed method improved image quality and outperformed other methods in terms of image contrast and fuzziness measurement without adding to existing noise in the image [19].  
   
  3 Methodology This study was conducted based on Agile Software Development approach. In system analysis, agile methodology emphasizes flexibility, continuous improvement, reducing complexity, and timeliness. Figure 1 illustrates the five phases of this methodology: requirements, design, development, testing, and deployment.  
   
  Fig. 1. Agile Methodology.  
   
  The interface for the system was designed, sketched, and all the necessary data for the system, such as the information needed in the report, was prepared in the first phase. The retinal fundus image dataset and details images information were obtained from the Hospital Univeristi Sains Malaysia (HUSM) Kubang Kerian Kelantan. The ophthalmologist determines data obtained such as retinal fundus image interpretation and  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy  
   
  99  
   
  DR classification. The system’s function has been designed and implemented, as well as the system’s interface. The image processing approach is built using MATLAB software. The system has been tested to ensure that there is no bug. HUSM ophthalmologists test the system by employing the system in the last step. 3.1 Image Processing A flow chart of image processing is shown in Fig. 2. First, the fundus camera captured retinal fundus image and converts RGB to Hue Saturation Value (HSV). Retinex, CLAHE, and Low-light enhancement are three types of enhancement methods applied on the converted HSV image. Finally, the visual quality of the enhanced retinal fundus image is measured using the Mean Squared Error (MSE), Peak-Signal Noise Ratio (PSNR) and Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM).  
   
  Fig. 2. Flow chart of Image Processing.  
   
  3.2 Retinal Fundus Image Dataset The image size is 3008 x 2000 pixels. The retinal fundus image has been classified into three categories by ophthalmologists: normal, NPDR, and PDR. 3.3 Image Method Enhancement In this section, each enhancement method is explained. There are three enhancement method types: Retinex, CLAHE and Low-light enhancement. Retinex Enhancement. To achieve colour consistency, the retinex approach attempts to build a model of the human visual system. The brightness is estimated in this technique, and the output image is created by eliminating the estimated illumination from the  
   
  100  
   
  N. A. M. Sharif et al.  
   
  original image. To attain colour consistency and improve the retinal fundus image, this study has utilized Multi-Scale Retinex techniques. The formula of Multi-Scale Retinex is as follows: N wn Rn (1) RMSR = n=1  
   
  N represents the number of scales, Rn is the n-th scale’s component from Eq. (1). The MSR raises several obvious concerns, including the actual number of scales, scale values, and associated weights (wn ). CLAHE Enhancement. The technique of Contrast Limited Adaptive Histogram Equalization (CLAHE) is also used in this study to improve the colour retinal fundus image. The contrast of an image is created by combining the intensity value range and separating the upper and lower limits pixel values. Equalization of the histogram spreads the frequency content and modifies the original image’s contrast. The CLAHE is defined by Eq. (2).   ∅w(∅f ) − ∅w(∅fmin) (2) g = 255 [∅w(∅fmax) − ∅w(∅fmin) The input images are separated into a number of sub-images (tiles), and the contrast transform function is calculated for each tile using the ‘Clip Limit’ contrast factor. The Exponential, Uniform, or Rayleigh distributions are used to create the contrast transform function. Where ∅w is sigmoid function. Low-Light Enhancement. Low-light imaging employs the use of a camera to analyse the preliminary data and provide an improved RGB output. The low-light image enhancement is utilized to improve the contrast of an image concentration and performance so that details hidden in the shadows can be seen. A low-light enhancement has been used, and this equation is given in Eq. (3) as follows: I = R ∗ T + a(1 − T )  
   
  (3)  
   
  R is the scene radiance, the global atmospheric light is a, and the medium transmission is T which describes the part of the light that isn’t scattered. The comparison of the original and enhanced retinal fundus image using retinex enhancement, CLAHE enhancement, and low-light enhancement are shown in Fig. 3, 4, and 5 respectively. 3.4 Performance Evaluation There are three performances in this study which are Mean Squared Error (MSE), Peak-Signal Noise Ratio (PSNR) and Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM). The equation of MSE, PSNR and SSIM has shown in Eq. (4), (5) and (6).  2 M ,N [I 1 (m, n) − I2 (m, n)] (4) MSE = M ∗N where, I 1 (x, y) is the original image  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy  
   
  101  
   
  Fig. 3. Image of Retinex Enhancement.  
   
  Fig. 4. Image of CLAHE Enhancement.  
   
  Fig. 5. Image of Low-Light Enhancement.  
   
  I 2 (x, y) is the enhanced image  PSNR = 10log 10  
   
  R2 MSE  
   
   (5)  
   
  102  
   
  N. A. M. Sharif et al.  
   
  where, R is the maximum pixel value β  y  α  SSIM (xy) = l(x, y) . c(x, y) . s(x, y)  
   
  (6)  
   
  where, I is luminance c is the contrast. s is the structure. α, β and γ are the positive constants. 3.5 Design and Development Following the first three phases of Agile, this part explains the design and development of the system. DR Enhancement System (DRES) is developed as a standalone system. Software prototyping is a common method of displaying software requirements so that users can provide additional feedback and ideas based on their interactions with the prototype. The MATLAB R2019 software was used for the development of the DRES system. Figure 6, 7 and 8 show the interfaces of the system.  
   
  Fig. 6. Login Page.  
   
  4 Result and Evaluation The technique was verified on 45 retinal images provided by Hospital Universiti Sains Malaysia (HUSM) with three stages: Normal, NPDR, and PDR. The metrics (MSE, PSNR, and SSIM) are used in this research to get the best quality metrics. The obtained image quality has been applied to the above metrics. The retinal images contrast was improved. The processed image has higher contrast than the original. Furthermore, the Retinex, CLAHE, and Low-Light enhancements standardized the image’s color. Tables 1, 2 and 3 display the average value outcomes of the performance for resultant images.  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy  
   
  103  
   
  Fig. 7. Image Processing Page.  
   
  Fig. 8. Result of Image Processing Page.  
   
  Table 1. MSE average outcome  
   
  ORIGINAL RETINEX  
   
  NPDR  
   
  PDR  
   
  NORMAL  
   
  512.1768  
   
  526.2727  
   
  512.0213  
   
  0.007385  
   
  0.00736  
   
  0.006915  
   
  CLAHE  
   
  412.4731  
   
  414.5039  
   
  417.3661  
   
  LOW LIGHT  
   
  515.4757  
   
  530.1767  
   
  531.0909  
   
  The peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) is an expression of a signal’s maximum possible value (power) ratio to the strength of distorting noise that influences the quality. The mean squared error (MSE) compares the original image’s “true” pixel values to our degraded image. MSE is the squared average of the “errors” between our normal and  
   
  104  
   
  N. A. M. Sharif et al. Table 2. PSNR average outcome NPDR  
   
  PDR  
   
  NORMAL  
   
  ORIGINAL  
   
  21.03817  
   
  20.92193  
   
  21.03946  
   
  RETINEX  
   
  21.31665  
   
  21.33473  
   
  21.60657  
   
  CLAHE  
   
  21.97791  
   
  21.95642  
   
  21.92573  
   
  LOW LIGHT  
   
  21.00849  
   
  20.88866  
   
  20.87951  
   
  Table 3. SSIM average outcome NPDR  
   
  PDR  
   
  NORMAL  
   
  ORIGINAL  
   
  0.998395  
   
  0.997382  
   
  0.995934  
   
  RETINEX  
   
  0.77325  
   
  0.773666  
   
  0.761428  
   
  CLAHE  
   
  0.468239  
   
  0.474384  
   
  0.473613  
   
  LOW LIGHT  
   
  0.751273  
   
  0.716465  
   
  0.665399  
   
  abnormal images. Error is the difference between the original image’s values and the degraded image values. The Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) is a perceptual metric that measures image quality degradation due to processing. MSE is a complete reference metric; a lower value close to zero indicates a better image output. While the PSNR value close to and above 60 will indicate a better image. SSIM is normalized. MSE and PSNR are more difficult to understand than SSIM. MSE and PSNR are absolute mistakes, but SSIM produces perception and salience-based errors. If the noise level increases, the output image recovery quality will also deteriorate [20]. A value close to one for SSIM metric indicates the image does not change much on the structure. Therefore, based on MSE metric evaluation in Table 1, comparing between three enhancement method, Retinex enhancement method produce the best average output with value of 0.007385, 0.00736, and 0.006915 for the NPDR, PDR and normal retinal image respectively. While based on PSNR evaluation in Table 2, the result between the three methods does not have much difference where CLAHE enhancement method have slightly higher value close to 60 compares to others method. The value is 21.97791 (NPDR), 21.95642 (PDR), and 21.92573 (Normal), respectively. Hence, of the three methods, Retinex enhancement became the most outstanding method based on the metric evaluation. For expert evaluation, a questionnaire is designed using Google Forms to determine system performance feedback from the end-user. 14 ophthalmologists from HUSM are evaluating the system. Usability specialists analyzed this system interface and compared it to acknowledged usability criteria in a heuristic evaluation. The investigation had listed the possible usability issues. The user manual for system installation, is emailed to the ophthalmologists. Follow-up of the questionnaire is also done over the phone.  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy  
   
  105  
   
  Table 4 shows the list of statements included in the questionnaires. Figure 9, 10, and 11 summarize the output from the expert evaluation. Table 4. List of statements for expert evaluation. No  
   
  Statement  
   
  1.  
   
  This system can provide the statistical performance of the output image enhancement  
   
  2.  
   
  The fundus image abnormalities can be seen clearly and result in good brightness  
   
  3.  
   
  This technique gives a better image output than the original image  
   
  4.  
   
  This technique/method is suitable to be used for fundus images  
   
  5.  
   
  The technique/method applied to the image synchronized with the theory of the techniques/methods  
   
  Fig. 9. Expert evaluation on Retinex Enhancement method.  
   
  Based on chart presented in Fig. 9, the expert evaluation on the Retinex enhancement method show 57%, 79%, 64%, 86% and 71% had agree with the statements from Table 4 respectively. While expert evaluation on the CLAHE enhancement method (Fig. 10), the percentage of agreed statement lesser than Retinex enhancement evaluation which are 43% (Statement 1), 64% (Statement 2), 50% (Statement 3), 43% (Statement 4), and 64% (Statement 5). Each statement for CLAHE enhancement method has a small percentage of experts who disagree with the statement. There are strongly disagree by expert on the statement for Low-light enhancement method. Even though strongly disagree only 7% for each statement, it gives the feedback that the method lacked performance from the expert view. Figure 12 shows 64%, 64%, 50%, and 50% agree with statement 1, 2, 4, and 6 listed in Table 5 respectively, which are higher among the other agreement. While on  
   
  106  
   
  N. A. M. Sharif et al.  
   
  Fig. 10. Expert evaluation on CLAHE Enhancement method.  
   
  Fig. 11. Expert evaluation on Low-light Enhancement method.  
   
  statement 3 and statement 5 obtained 50% and 64%, a neutral statement and 7% of the expert disagree with the statement. The expert evaluation output indicates that there is an area that need to be improved from the system’s performance.  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy  
   
  107  
   
  Table 5. List of statement for overall system performance evaluation. No.  
   
  Statement  
   
  1.  
   
  The organization of information on the system screens was clear  
   
  2.  
   
  The interface of this system was pleasant  
   
  3.  
   
  The information is well organized and functions are easy to find  
   
  4.  
   
  The speed of this system is fast  
   
  5.  
   
  This system has all the functions and capabilities I expect it to have  
   
  6.  
   
  Overall, I am satisfied with this system  
   
  Fig. 12. An overall system performance evaluated by the expert.  
   
  5 Conclusion and Future Work In this paper, image enhancement methods including Retinex, CLAHE and Low-light were applied to automate enhancing low quality retinal fundus image to support the diagnosis of DR. The results of the experiments demonstrated that DRES (AI-based system) can improve retinal fundus images significantly, using Retinex enhancement method. The results tested in the DRES system showed that Retinex enhancement was the best method. Retinex had the highest performance value compared to CLAHE and Lowlight enhancement. The features using Retinex enhancement such as hard exudates and haemorrhage was clear enhanced rather than original retina image. This study explored different image enhancement techniques for the same dataset to determine the variation of the output image. Although DRES helps overcome issues of related to the lack of ophthalmologists visiting rural areas for elderly and multi-morbid DR patients, the biggest challenge for  
   
  108  
   
  N. A. M. Sharif et al.  
   
  healthcare institutions is sustainability development to create a safe and secure workplace that will guarantee the health and well-being of patients in rural areas. Future work should be considered more blurred image tested in developing sustainable healthcare logistics, especially in rural areas. Acknowledgement. This research was supported by Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) of Malaysia through Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (FRGS/1/2019/ICT02/UUM/02/1). The substance of this finding is exclusively the responsibility of the authors and does not inevitably signify the official opinions of the MoHE, Malaysia.  
   
  References 1. Bazel M. A., Mohammed F., Ahmed M.: Blockchain technology in healthcare big data management: Benefits, applications and challenges. In: 1st International Conference on Emerging Smart Technologies and Applications. eSmarTA 2021 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/eSm arTA52612.2021.9515747 2. Kemper, A.R., Wallace, D.K., Quinn, G.E.: Systematic review of digital imaging screening strategies for retinopathy of prematurity. Pediatrics 122(4), 825–830 (2008). https://doi.org/ 10.1542/peds.2007-3667 3. Ministry of Health Malaysia: Diabetic retinopathy screening: Training module for healthcare providers, 88 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1038/eye.2001.40 4. Hatanaka Y., Nakagawa T., Hayashi Y., Hara T., Fujita H.: Improvement of automated detection method of hemorrhages in fundus images. In: Proceedings 30th Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society, EMBS 2008 - “Personalized Healthcare Through Technology, pp. 5429–5432 (2008). https://doi.org/10.1109/ iembs.2008.4650442 5. Feng, P., Pan, Y., Wei, B., Jin, W., Mi, D.: Enhancing retinal image by the Contourlet transform. Pattern Recognit. Lett. 28(4), 516–522 (2007). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.patrec.2006.09.007 6. Yahaya, N.A., Musa, A., Azemin, M.Z.C., Rahman, N.A.A.: Implementing primary eye care in private practises in Malaysia: the challenges faced by optometrists. Med. J. Malaysia 78(3), 357–363 (2023) 7. Martins J., Cardoso J.S., Soares F.: Offline computer-aided diagnosis for Glaucoma detection using fundus images targeted at mobile devices. Comput. Methods Programs Biomed. (192) (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cmpb.2020.105341 8. Feng, X., Li, J., Hua, Z.: Low-light image enhancement algorithm based on an atmospheric physical model. Multimed. Tools Appl. 79(43–44), 32973–32997 (2020). https://doi.org/10. 1007/s11042-020-09562-6 9. Dorothy R., Rajendran S., Joany R.M., Rathish R.J., Santhana Prabha S., Rajendran S.: Image enhancement by Histogram equalization Image enhancement by Histogram equalization Image enhancement by Histogram equalization. Int. J. Nano. Corr. Sci. Engg 2(4), 21–30 (2015). https://www.researchgate.net/publication/283727396 10. Abbas, Q., Farooq, A., Abbas, T., Celebi, E., Garcia, I.F., Carmona, J.: Features preserving contrast improvement for retinal vascular images. Int. J. Innov. Comput. Inf. Control 9(9), 3731–3739 (2013) 11. Zhang X.S., Gao S.B., Li C.Y., Li Y.J.: A retina inspired model for enhancing visibility of hazy images. Front. Comput. Neurosci. 9, 1–13 (2015). https://doi.org/10.3389/fncom.2015. 00151  
   
  An Automated Enhancement System of Diabetic Retinopathy  
   
  109  
   
  12. Fadzil, A., Hani, M., Adi, N.H.: Retinal vasculature enhancement using independent component analysis. J. Biomed. Sci. Eng. 02(07), 543–549 (2009). https://doi.org/10.4236/jbise. 2009.27079 13. Vázquez, S.G., Barreira, N., Penedo, M.G., Saez, M., Pose-Reino, A.: Using retinex image enhancement to improve the artery/vein classification in retinal images. In: Campilho, A., Kamel, M. (eds.) ICIAR 2010. LNCS, vol. 6112, pp. 50–59. Springer, Heidelberg (2010). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-13775-4_6 14. Parihar A.S., Singh K.: A study on Retinex based method for image enhancement. In: Proceedings of 2nd International Conference Inventory Management System, pp. 619– 624 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1109/ICISC.2018.8398874 15. Choi D.H., Jang I.H., Kim M.H., Kim N.C.: Color image enhancement using single-scale retinex based on an improved image formation model. In: Eur. Signal Process Conference (2008) 16. Comput, P.: Salem N., Malik H., Shams A., Medical image enhancement based on histogram algorithms. In. Sci. 163, 300–311 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2019.12.112 17. Umapathy A., Sreenivasan A., Nairy D. S., Natarajan S., Rao B.N.: Image processing, textural feature extraction and transfer learning based detection of diabetic retinopathy. In: ACM International Conference Proceeding Series, pp. 17–21 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1145/331 4367.3314376 18. Hasikin K., Isa N.A.M.: Enhancement of the low contrast image using fuzzy set theory. In: Proceedings 2012 14th International Conference on Computer Modeling and Simulation, pp. 371–376 (2012) https://doi.org/10.1109/UKSim.2012.60 19. Setiawan A.W., Mengko T.R., Santoso O.S., Suksmono A.B.: Color Retinal Image Enhancement using CLAHE. In: International Conference on ICT for Smart Society, Jakarta, Indonesia, pp. 2–4 (2013). https://doi.org/10.1109/ICTSS.2013.6588092 20. Sara, U., Akter, M., Uddin, M.S.: Image quality assessment through FSIM, SSIM, MSE and PSNR—A comparative study. J. Comput. Commun. 07(03), 8–18 (2019). https://doi.org/10. 4236/jcc.2019.73002  
   
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It via Mobile Application Masitah Ghazali1(B) , Nur Zuraifah Syazrah Othman2 , Zatul Alwani Shaffiei1 , Suriati Sadimon2 , Zuraini Ali Shah2 , and Zuriahati Mohd Yunos2 1 Malaysia-Japan International Institute of Technology, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia,  
   
  Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Faculty of Computing, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, Johor Bahru, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. The challenge to dengue prevention lies in sustaining the preventive activity among the community, which commonly occurs periodically, i.e., when there are dengue outbreaks, with health officers under the Communication for Behavioural Impact (COMBI) campaign. In this paper, a mobile application is specifically developed based on the COMBI Behavioural Change model, which focuses on persuading users to adopt and sustain new habits. The application was carefully designed to reflect the stages of behavioural change. Combining both quantitative and qualitative approaches, an experiment was performed over a four-week study with eight participants, and based on the empirical findings, it is found that with careful design, users can be persuaded to take up the new habit. Two traits that are deemed important are understanding the ‘why’, and the trait of being responsible citizens. In addition, at the end of the study, users felt comfortable continuing with the cleaning activities without the application. Thus, more thoughts should be considered for the application to remain relevant in the sustainable phase. Keywords: Dengue Prevention · Persuasive Technology · Behavioural Change  
   
  1 Introduction Technology that supports and promotes behavioural change is commonly known as persuasive technology and is mostly employed in areas such as healthcare [1], education [2], and productivity [3]. Getting the right information displayed on the devices is crucial as it could lead to an impactful result, i.e., change behavior could become a habit. Developing motivational technology to support long-term behaviour change is challenging [4], especially sustaining behavioural change [5]. To design effective persuasive technologies, many designs draw upon theories of behaviour change to understand what factors influence people’s behaviour change decisions [6–9]. In the context of dengue, some examples that already utilize mobile devices for dengue prevention include [10– 12]. But none of these adopts the behaviour change theory. In addition, there is no well-established method to translate theoretical constructs and insight into persuasive or motivational interaction designs for practice [4] for dengue prevention. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 110–122, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_9  
   
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It  
   
  111  
   
  Many case studies in tropical and subtropical countries around the world succeed in preventing and controlling dengue through community participation [13–17]. The key to success is the sustainability shown by the community in the activity, and for sustainability to happen, behavioural change must occur, or it would become a periodic event. But behaviour change is not easy to achieve. In Malaysia, many awareness activities have been carried out by the Pejabat Kesihatan Daerah (District Health Office) of every state through COMBI [18, 19]. However, the impact is still very small and unsustainable [20, 21]. Sustainable community participation is paramount to the surveillance system that is a part of the national health information system. By doing so, a harmonized effort across national dengue surveillance systems can inform the critical data of the disease’s burden, which is necessary to assess progress in reaching mortality and morbidity reduction goals [19]. In this study, we designed an experiment to investigate the effect of usage of a mobile application that is designed based on the COMBI Behavioural Change model [22]. In particular, the created features of the application were intended to translate each of the phases we identified for the behavioural change to be initiated, progressed, and sustained. We deployed the application for a four-week user study with 8 participants. Our study explores, in the specific domain of behavioural change, how persuasive applications can create change in user attitudes and sustain it. Both qualitatively and quantitatively, we examine how the features of the application affect the users’ perceptions and awareness of their activities, creating the potential for behaviour change.  
   
  2 Experiment Design We developed a working prototype mobile application based on the found model derived from self-previous work [22] with 8 users for 4 weeks. In this section, we describe the design of the application and the methods of the experiment. 2.1 System Description 2.1.1 Data In Malaysia, the dengue prevention initiative recommended by COMBI and the Ministry of Health is to spend at least 10 min per week cleaning. Based on this guideline, we collected data on the types of activities performed by each user and the time spent to conduct the activity. We also recorded the images of places involved in the cleaning activity. In addition, to support the eco-system of COMBI at the community level, data on the COMBI team that one joins with its leader are also considered. All recorded data are presented to users, where they can see their performance, either weekly or monthly, i.e., the accumulated time spent on cleaning and the activities performed. If the user is the COMBI leader, he/she can also monitor the accumulated time of his/her members. The ability to review past activities is an important feature as part of a persuasive design strategy [23].  
   
  112  
   
  M. Ghazali et al.  
   
  2.1.2 Design There are five stages in the COMBI Behavioural Change model [22]. The following sub-sections illustrate how each phase is translated into the application’s design. Pre-contemplation. This phase is the beginning where no prevention activity is engaged, and there is yet an intention to do so. The intervention strategies identified in this phase are education, advice, and self-monitoring, while the trigger is spark. The splash screens in Fig. 1 are the screens as the user successfully installed and ran the application on his/her phone. The strategies can be observed in the wordings and images used, where the user will begin to understand dengue’s importance and fatality. The arrows and the Get Started button to the next screen act as the spark.  
   
  Fig. 1. Pre-Contemplation phase (first, second) and Contemplation phase (third) splash screens  
   
  Contemplation. In this phase, no prevention activity is engaged, but there is already an intention to do so. This phase’s intervention strategies are education, advice, and comparison. The trigger element is the spark. As soon as the Get Started button is clicked, it brings a user to the login screen, where there are options to either sign up with their Google account or proceed with the registration process (Fig. 2 first and second images). Figure 2, the third image, where the user is ready to start, can first explore what he/she does as part of the prevention activity. One can learn more from News, FAQ, and Community pages to set goals and compare how others are doing.  
   
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It  
   
  113  
   
  Fig. 2. Sign up and register as part of the Contemplation phase (first and second images), and the home screen as the Preparation phase (third image)  
   
  Preparation. User in this phase has started to be involved in the prevention activity, where the intervention strategies are setting goals and comparison. Facilitator is the trigger for this phase. In the set of images in Fig. 3, they show the flow of screens when recording their cleaning activity, by first taking a picture, starting the cleaning time, stopping the cleaning time, and choosing the type of cleaning activity they have performed. Every step of the sequence facilitates the user to accomplish the activity. Competence. In this phase, the user has been consistently involved in prevention activity for a certain amount of time, where the intervention strategies are engagement, communication, and reward. Signal is used as the trigger. Figure 4 shows the community screens where one could connect and engage with other users. Maintenance. The final phase refers to when the user has been consistently involved in prevention activity for a longer period that has broken the old habit. Communication and reward are the intervention strategies applied, and the signal is the trigger. Consistent users can view their past activities (Fig. 5).  
   
  114  
   
  M. Ghazali et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. Recording the cleaning activity as part of the Preparation phase  
   
  2.2 Participants We recruited participants who are familiar with Android through social media sites, emails, and word of mouth. A total of 6 participants completed the 4-week study in November 2022, with 2 participants abandoning the study after 2 weeks. Participants ranged from 22 to 40 years old and occupations including graduate student, web developer, and customer service representative. All participants were never involved in any activities similar to this before.  
   
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It  
   
  115  
   
  Fig. 4. Engaging with the community  
   
  Fig. 5. Checking the past activities  
   
  2.3 Methods and Procedure We combined quantitative and qualitative methods, ranging from online surveys (one before the 4-week experiment and the other at the end) to analysis of 4-week usage logs. The surveys and log data from each participant are used to derive descriptive system usage statistics. Pre-experiment Survey. All participants interested in joining were first asked to complete a survey provided online before they proceeded to install the application. We aimed to know their knowledge, and exposure towards the dengue cleaning activity.  
   
  116  
   
  M. Ghazali et al.  
   
  4-week Field Experiment. At the beginning of the 4-week study, we created a Telegram group as a platform to touch base with participants. We held an introductory session with the participants via Google Meet to share the aim of the study and provided them with brief information about the application. We informed the participants that we wanted to understand how they would use the application to help fight dengue through cleaning activities. A short survey was distributed at the end of the second week as an interim to gauge the participants’ motivation level. The chronological recorded time and activities for the four weeks may provide evidence of the possible behaviour change on the individual level in a semi-longitudinal manner. We hypothesized the frequent logged time and activity would reflect the participant’s attempt to change his or her habit of dengue prevention. Post-completion Survey. At the end of the 4-week use period, we posted the URL link to the final survey via Telegram. Through the survey, our goal is to evaluate these concerns; (i) user experience with the application and (ii) the transition one had throughout the 5 phases, although we did not explicitly mention the phase to them. In addition, we asked about their current awareness of dengue prevention and whether they will resume this habit.  
   
  3 Results We obtained the results of the participants at the end of the experiment. Our analysis showed each individual’s persuasion toward behaviour change is varied and gradual. We also present the results of the detailed findings of every phase. 3.1 General Performances Before the study, none of the participants knew much about COMBI cleaning initiatives as part of dengue prevention by the Ministry of Health (MoH) Malaysia. The participants were briefed about the common activities recommended during the introductory session, but they were free to add other cleaning-related activities. Over four weeks, turning over water containers is the most frequent activity. While the least frequent are the bottom four as in Fig. 6, where the participants add these activities to the cleaning activities. Over the course of four weeks, the pattern of the weekly participation is only consistent for three participants: P2, P3, and P6. In addition, what is noticeable from the data (see Fig. 7), all weekly participants did not spend close to 10 min per week as recommended by MoH. Nonetheless, as newcomers who just started, and even more so for the three consistent participants, this can be considered an accomplishment. 3.2 Behavioural Change Phases We are also interested in understanding the experiences the participants went through as they used the application. Without disclosing the phases to the participants, we inquired about their experiences in the final survey as they were at specific stages and the respective application screens.  
   
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It  
   
  117  
   
  Fig. 6. The frequency of the recorded cleaning activities  
   
  Fig. 7. Time spent (mins) by participants per week  
   
  Pre-contemplation. Participants have yet to have intention in the prevention activity, so when asked whether they hesitated to be involved in the very beginning, the majority (75%) did not hesitate, and the remaining were not quite sure but stayed on, nonetheless. Contemplation. This phase is closely related to the previous phase, as now they decided to proceed and have intention in the prevention activity. Some participants had a strong drive due to her personal experience (P4). While some others being as responsible citizens, feeling called to proceed (P3 and P5). “To reduce the dengue cases in my community as I was infected with dengue fever before. (P4)”  
   
  118  
   
  M. Ghazali et al.  
   
  “I hope to help mitigate dengue and protect myself from my surroundings mosquitoes. (P3)” “To educate myself and take action on how to improve the environment and prevent dengue. (P5)” The trigger element used here was the registration page, where 87.5% of the participants found it easy to sign up or register, and 12.5% found it neutral. Preparation. Participants were now about to start with the prevention activity. When inquired about the landing page, 75% of them found the landing page manageable where with the features they were facilitated to learn and start to set goals. The remaining (2 users), found it overwhelming and neutral. As they learned about the cleaning activity, 87% of them found the examples of cleaning activities provided were self-explanatory, and the remaining didn’t. And as they started, 62.5% felt it was easy and relatively easy, 1 (12.5%) thought it was relatively difficult, and 2 (25%) felt neutral about this. Competence. In this phase, the participants have been consistently involved in prevention activity for a certain amount of time. We consider 3 weeks (21 days) as the phase where the participants may have adopted the new habit. We looked at the community and team features provided in the application as the means of communication and engagement. Half of the participants found that sharing what they do with the community by making a post kept them going. Some participants found the community feature kept them in check, and some liked the idea of encouraging others. “Yes, especially after we were able to look at our previous recorded activities. (P4)” “… It is good to know our actions affect other people as it encourages them to get involved as well. (P5)” The feature of being able to trace back to past activities as often as they like also kept them going, and useful, with 62.5% checking their historical data regularly. For one participant in particular, this had in some ways impacted the way she thinks (P3). “I was constantly thinking about what to do with my surroundings to help. (P3)” There are however times when the participants struggled with the application and cleaning just slipped their minds. “I have an issue during recording the activity at first as the application takes time to update the records on our device. Besides that, the application also does not provide many option buttons for the user, such as a delete button to delete any activities that we accidentally recorded twice. (P4)” “…but some days I would forget about it. (P7)”  
   
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It  
   
  119  
   
  Maintenance. Going into the final week, most participants have shown positive changes in their behaviour. There were incidents where they forgot to use the application but continued with the prevention activity. This is a sign of the activity adopted to be sustainable. “…without the app also I will have habits already now as I was doing for 4 weeks. (P3)” “(I) Always want (to) carry out with the apps, but since I just do it straight away, I forget (about) it and just realize after finishing the cleaning. (P8)” To keep it more engaging, another participant wishes the community to be taking a more active role in sharing what they do on the platform. “It was cool to me, and I was eager to see what people posted in the community, I think it would be more fun if we could see people posting their activities to know what they do every week. (P2)” In sustaining the new habit, the participants had mixed reactions to doing the cleaning activities with the application or without. Some who are already comfortable with the cleaning activities do not feel the urge to keep using the application unless more features are added to enhance the experience and make it more impactful. “Yes because my living area had many dengue cases, without the app, it was attractive to me at first since I wanted to learn more about the info to avoid dengue. If there are more updates, news, games, and people involved in the app, I might consider to continue using the app.” (P2) “Yes, I would continue even without the applications as cleanliness is essential to build a safe and healthy environment. However, with the application that is able to record and share the cleaning activities, it is able to spread awareness of dengue diseases in our community, besides motivating them to perform cleaning more. (P4)”  
   
  4 Discussion The results of our study answered our research question on the role played by an application if properly designed can persuade people and sustain a new habit. We also have discovered other pertinent findings from the study. Here we articulate three remarks derived from the analysis of the result. 4.1 Adopting New Habit Through Persuasion We learned that providing the Why is very essential in the persuasion of behaviour change. This is supported in psychology [24] to get everyone on the same page. Cleaning activities are trivial, but understanding how it impacts dengue prevention gives users a new perspective. We also noticed that self-responsibility is another trait that we found contributed to behaviour change. Seeing how others do and how others can see one’s contribution also play roles in persuading oneself to continue doing the activity.  
   
  120  
   
  M. Ghazali et al.  
   
  4.2 Making Application Still Relevant for Sustainability We were quite surprised as we learned that once the users were already comfortable with the habit, they tended to see the application as no longer relevant. While we are glad and somewhat feel convinced that they will continue doing this, design enhancement must be made to the application for it to stay relevant to users. Some design features surrounding gamifications and tangible rewards are seen to be most suitable. Another suggestion is to make the impact made by the users visible. For example, showing how today’s activity has helped reduce the number of outbreaks, to make them feel valuable and appreciated. 4.3 Translating Conceptual Model to Tangible Design The mobile application used in this study is developed based on a model from fundamental research. The identification of phases or stages, strategies, and triggers elements facilitated in the translation to user interface design. While the model guided the flow and the transitions, detailed usability should not be missed. We plan to further enhance the model by incorporating suitable UI features to best translate each element.  
   
  5 Conclusion We developed a mobile application for dengue prevention and we performed a study with 8 participants. The results supported our argument that the mobile application is suitable for persuasion to take up the new activity but may yet be eligible for sustaining the new habit. Our research contributes to the persuasive design and behavioural change in HCI research. Acknowledgement. The authors would like to acknowledge the financial support from the Universiti Teknologi Malaysia for the funding under UTM Encouragement Research (UTMER) vote no. Q.K130000.3843.31J17. This study is also supported by the Universiti Teknologi Malaysia Prototyping Grant (UTMPR) vote no Q.J130000.2851.00L48, and the Ministry of Higher Education Malaysia (MOHE), in collaboration with COMBI unit, PKU, UTM.  
   
  References 1. Orji, R., Moffatt, K.: Persuasive technology for health and wellness: state-of-the-art and emerging trends. Health Inform. J. 24, 66–91 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1177/146045821665 0979 2. Mintz, J., Aagaard, M.: The application of persuasive technology to educational settings. Educ. Technol. Res. Dev. 60, 483–499 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11423-012-9232-y 3. Harris, A., ul Islam, S., Qadir, J., Khan, U.A.: Persuasive technology for human development: review and case study. EAI Endorsed Trans. Game-Based Learn. 4, 153401 (2017). https:// doi.org/10.4108/eai.8-12-2017.153401 4. De Vries, R.A.J., Truong, K.P., Kwint, S., Drossaert, C.H.C., Evers, V.: Crowd-designed motivation: motivational messages for exercise adherence based on behavior change theory. Conf. Hum. Factors Comput. Syst. Proc. 297–308 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1145/2858036. 2858229  
   
  Persuading People to Fight Dengue and Sustaining It  
   
  121  
   
  5. Adaji, I., Adisa, M.: A review of the use of persuasive technologies to influence sustainable behaviour. In: UMAP2022 - Adjunct Proceedings of 30th ACM Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, pp. 317–325 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1145/3511047. 3537653 6. Fishbein, M., Triandis, H.C., Kanfer, F.H., Becker, M., Middlestadt, S.E., Eichler, A.: Factors influencing behavior and behavior change. Handb. Heal. Psychol. 3, 3–17 (2001) 7. Lee, Y.H., Hsieh, G.: Does slacktivism hurt activism?: The effects of moral balancing and consistency in online activism. Conf. Hum. Factors Comput. Syst. Proc. 811–820 (2013). https://doi.org/10.1145/2470654.2470770 8. Musingafi, M.C.C., Mapuranga, B., Chiwanza, K., Zebron, S.: Challenges for open and distance learning (ODL) students: experiences from students of the Zimbabwe Open University. J. Educ. Pract. 6, 59–66 (2015) 9. Pintar, A., Erjave, J.: A framework for designing behavioural change with the use of persuasive technology. Int. J. Manag. Knowl. Learn. 10 (2021) 10. Carrillo, M.A., Kroeger, A., Cardenas Sanchez, R., Diaz Monsalve, S., Runge-Ranzinger, S.: The use of mobile phones for the prevention and control of arboviral diseases: a scoping review. BMC Publ. Health 21, 1–16 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1186/s12889-020-10126-4 11. Dammert, A.C., Galdo, J.C., Galdo, V.: Preventing dengue through mobile phones: evidence from a field experiment in Peru. J. Health Econ. 35, 147–161 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.jhealeco.2014.02.002 12. Delmelle, E.M., Zhu, H., Tang, W., Casas, I.: A web-based geospatial toolkit for the monitoring of dengue fever. Appl. Geogr. 52, 144–152 (2014) 13. Gubler, D.J., Clark., G.G.: Community involvement in the control of Aedes aegypti. Acta Trop. 61, 169–179 (1996) 14. Patra, M.: Community participation in dengue prevention and control in a government housing complex, Kolkata, India. Int. J. Sci. Res. 64, 75–76 (2022). https://doi.org/10.36106/ijsr/472 6932 15. Romani, M.E.T., et al.: Achieving sustainability of community-based dengue control in Santiago de Cuba. Soc. Sci. Med. 64, 976–988 (2007) 16. Suwanbamrung, C., Nukan, N., Sripon, S., Somrongthong, R., Singchagchai, P.: Community capacity for sustainable community-based dengue prevention and control: study of a subdistrict in Southern Thailand. Asian Pac. . Trop. Med. 3, 215–219 (2010). https://doi.org/10. 1016/S1995-7645(10)60012-0 17. Tapia-Conyer, R., Méndez-Galván, J., Burciaga-Zúñiga, P.: Community participation in the prevention and control of dengue: the patio limpio strategy in Mexico. Paediatr. Int. Child Health. 32, 10–13 (2012). https://doi.org/10.1179/2046904712Z.00000000047 18. Suhaili, M.R., Hosein, E., Mokhtar, Z., Ali, N., Palmer, K., Isa, M.M.: Applying communication-for-behavioural-impact (COMBI) in the prevention and control of dengue in Johur Bahru, Johore, Malaysia. Dengue Bull. 28, 39–43 (2004) 19. World Health Organization: Communication for Behavioural Impact: Field Workbook. Field Workbook for COMBI Planning Steps in Outbreak Response, https://apps.who.int/iris/han dle/10665/75170. Accessed 14 July 2023 20. Mashudi, D.N., Ahmad, N., Said, S.M.: Level of dengue preventive practices and associated factors in a Malaysian residential area during the COVID-19 pandemic: a cross-sectional study. PLoS ONE 17, 1–15 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0267899 21. Nani Mudin, R.: dengue incidence and the prevention and control program in Malaysia. Int. Med. J. Malaysia 14, 5–9 (2015). https://doi.org/10.31436/imjm.v14i1.447 22. Ghazali, M., Rosli, A., Ibrahim, N., Hisham, H.: A conceptual design for COMBI dengue prevention based on an integrated psychology and persuasive technology models. Int. J. Innov. Comput. 12, 99–106 (2022). https://doi.org/10.11113/ijic.v12n1.340  
   
  122  
   
  M. Ghazali et al.  
   
  23. Consolvo, S., McDonald, D.W., Landay, J.A.: Theory-driven design strategies for technologies that support behavior change in everyday life. Conf. Hum. Factors Comput. Syst. Proc. 405–414 (2009). https://doi.org/10.1145/1518701.1518766 24. Sinek, S.: Start with Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action. Penguin, London (2011)  
   
  Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker Nur Farah Amalina Azmi1,2(B)  
   
  , Mohamed Ali Saip1  
   
  , and Husniza Husni1  
   
  1 Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  , [email protected]  2 DXN Holdings Berhad, Alor Setar, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Universiti Utara Malaysia (UUM) Student Portal is a comprehensive platform dedicated to UUM students. This one-stop portal facilitates our community’s access to learning, academic, and administration information. This study evaluates the portal’s usability using an eye-tracker involving 15 participants (9 males and 6 females) who were third-year students from the School of Computing (SOC). During the Usability Test session at UUM Computer Lab, participants were given six specific tasks to perform. The study analysed heat maps and gaze plots to identify the correlation between eye movement and potential usability issues. Overall, most participants were able to perform the tasks successfully. However, the study identified usability problems such as unclear terminologies, leading to user confusion. Additionally, some recommendations were put forward to enhance the usability and user experience of the UUM Student Portal. Keywords: Eye-tracking usability · human-computer interaction · student portal  
   
  1 Introduction User experience has become an increasingly important topic for any digital product, especially for websites. Almost all people of different ages, educational and geographical backgrounds have easy access to the Internet nowadays. A functional, attractive website design and a pleasant user experience are essential to stand out, boost website credibility, and sustain among a countless number of websites available. Furthermore, the quality of a website is crucial for most users who seek specific information or services [1]. When the users cannot use the system due to a bad or poor interface design, they will search for an alternative service provider or product [2]. To evaluate the usability of certain websites, usability testing must be done during the website development and after the website has been launched. The purpose of conducting usability testing for a website or any digital product is to evaluate the effectiveness, efficiency, and user satisfaction, as well as to identify any issues related to the usability of the websites. Usability testing can be described as the activity that focuses on observing users performing the tasks given. The traditional usability tests that are widely used initially do not include eye-tracking analysis to collect additional data from the eye movement of the participants. The common web usability techniques include Thinking-Out-Loud, © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 123–135, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_10  
   
  124  
   
  N. F. A. Azmi et al.  
   
  Heuristic Evaluation, and Remote Usability Testing. Usability testing aims to evaluate digital products’ effectiveness, efficiency, and user satisfaction. All the above methods do not involve eye-tracking to analyse eye fixation to explain human behaviour while using a website. Eye-tracking in a web-usability test is a technique where the eye movement is recorded while the participant performs the tasks given during the test. The eye will not be fixed in one position for too long but normally moves several times per second. The eye-tracking software usually captures the fixation and saccades. The data from the eye tracker are analysed through several methods: gaze replay, gaze plots, and heat maps [3]. The eye-tracking patterns analysed from the data collected will be correlated to the usability problems. Data from eye-tracking can be used to assist in a better understanding of user reactions. The motivation to study the usability of the UUM Student portal is that the students will use it frequently throughout their study period. Problems related to the interface or system identified during the test will help improve the website’s usability. Suggestions can be made to improve and elevate the user experience. This study aims to identify the usability problems of the UUM Student Web Portal through usability testing using eye-tracking data. The second objective is to provide suggestions for improvement to enhance the user experience while using UUM Student Web Portal. This paper discusses the related work in which eye-tracking is used to gain insight into a webpage’s usability. Then, the method, results, and suggestions to improve the usability of the UUM Student Portal are also discussed in this paper.  
   
  2 Related Works Eye-tracking might not be a popular technique or tool to collect additional data for the traditional usability test because fewer journals report usability with eye-tracking metrics than the traditional usability method. However, the growing demand for eyetracking analysis in usability research is sparked by the Just and Carpenter concept [4], which holds that what a person is looking at corresponds to what they are thinking about right now. Other than that, the advancement of technologies also plays a significant role in the growing demand for eye-tracking research. In the recent work [5], eye-tracking is used alongside with authentic task-based usability testing to evaluate Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs), which is Coursera. MOOCs offer online courses and become an alternative for most of students during the lockdown due to the Corona Virus Disease (COVID-19) outbreak. The research is divided into two phases. In the first phase, usability analysis based on ISO 9241-11 involves 12 participants. Nine tasks and a questionnaire with three open-ended questions were given to each participant during the test. Effectiveness, efficiency, and satisfaction were evaluated in the first phase of the study. The effectiveness of Coursera was analysed based on the successful completion of tasks. Overall, the Coursera’s effectiveness was measured at 70.3% denoting that the Coursera’s usability is acceptable. Meanwhile, the efficiency was analysed based on the time taken on the tasks. Coursera offers users acceptable efficiency with some limitations in certain situations. It can be concluded that participants with a higher level of computer and Internet literacy perform the least time  
   
  Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker  
   
  125  
   
  taken to complete a task. The participants spend too much time using the site’s search option to find and register for courses. Thus, the search options must be re-designed to increase Coursera’s efficiency. The participants’ opinions examined the satisfaction of Coursera. Most participants state it was difficult to use, while a group of participants are satisfied with Coursera’s usability. Some factors that reduce user satisfaction are no language support provided and only a part of the website is translated into Turkish. Language support and translation are also essential to improve the usability of the website. In the second part of the study, the eye-tracking study was carried out to support the Coursera usability study. The test took place at the eye-tracking laboratory with three participants who were not involved in the study’s first phase. The participants are also given nine tasks, similar to the first phase tasks. The data from the eye tracker is visualized as heat maps and gaze plots. The data from heat maps and gaze plots shows that the participant did not focus on the search bar, which is the most important function of the task. The statement is made based on the evidence from the heat zones on the heat maps which shows the participants focus more on the menu and content part. These findings suggest that the search bar may need to be re-designed and to be placed in a more visible area. Zardari et al. [6] also use eye tracking and other usability tests to evaluate e-learning portals. Three usability experts were involved in this study for heuristic evaluation using the 10 usability heuristics by Nielsen. From the heuristic evaluation, problems that are related to navigation are detected. For example, when the user browses to any other page, the current page in the navigation bar becomes highlighted to show the current position of the user. But in the portal, the highlighted navigation bar was different from the page that was visible. Nielsen [7] advises that one should create a system that is similar to the real world. For the eye-tracking component of this study, twenty students are involved. The data collected from the eye-tracking session are dynamic gaze maps, gaze fixations and heat maps. The data collected from the eye tracker provides additional information regarding the portal’s user interface (UI) elements. Heat maps showing the higher heat around the menu suggest that the user faced some difficulty to find the desired feature or button. This situation can be associated with the complexity of the interface. It can be concluded as the eye-tracking evaluation can help to locate usability problems regarding its UI. For example, the higher fixations showed signs of confusion and may lead to the discovery of the usability problems of the webpage. Additionally, Goldbergs and Kotval [8] investigate the correlations between eye-tracking metrics and usability problems. Table 1 shows the summary of the eye movement metrics and their related cognitive process or usability problems. Integrating eye trackers in a usability test could enhance the findings. The data visualization from the eye tracking can provide extra information that will lead to the discovery of trends or patterns in eye movement that can suggest the possible usability problems of a website.  
   
  126  
   
  N. F. A. Azmi et al.  
   
  Table 1. Summary of eye movement metrics and related cognitive process or usability problems [8]. Eye movement metrics  
   
  Cognitive process or usability problems  
   
  Fixation-related Fixations on target are divided by the total number of fixations  
   
  Low search efficiency  
   
  Number of fixations overall  
   
  Less efficient search due to sub-optimal layout  
   
  Repeated fixations  
   
  Lack of meaningfulness or visibility  
   
  Saccades-related More saccades  
   
  More Searching  
   
  Regressive saccades (backtrack/regression)  
   
  No meaningful visual clues are mismatched between the user’s expectation and the observed interface layout  
   
  Scanpath-related Longer scanpath duration  
   
  Less efficient scanning  
   
  Scanpath regularity  
   
  Search problems due to lack of training or interface layout problems  
   
  Transition matrix (back and forth between areas)  
   
  Uncertainty in search  
   
  3 Methodology There are four stages involved in this study. Firstly, participants are selected according to the following criteria: an active UUM student with access to UUM Student Portal, not wearing spectacles that have thick rims and voluntarily agreeing to participate in this Usability Test. Secondly, the venue for the usability test was set up before the usability test. The third stage involves the usability test where participants must perform six dedicated tasks. The data collected from the Usability Test will be analysed in the fourth stage of the study to evaluate the usability problem of the UUM Student Portal. The participants’ responsibilities were to complete a set of 6 representative task scenarios presented to them as efficiently and timely as possible. An eye tracker will be used to track the eye movement of the participants. Fifteen participants aged between 20 to 25 years old were selected to participate in the usability test of the Web UUM Student Portal. All the participants are students from Universiti Utara Malaysia that has access to the student portal. All participants had experience in the use of the UUM Student Portal. All the participants are 3rd-year students, so the participants have the same familiarity with using the portal. To minimize the error of the eye-tracker, the participants should not be wearing hats or caps that could get between the eye and the eye-tracker, which can impair the calibration and eye-tracking [9]. This study was conducted at the Network Computer Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia. A consent form was given to each participant to obtain the participants’ consent for the study. The participants’ sitting positions and postures were  
   
  Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker  
   
  127  
   
  adjusted before the tasks started. The study was performed using a Tobii Pro X3-120 eye tracker, a non-invasive device which was set up underneath the monitor. The eye tracker was calibrated for each user before the test starts. The task scenario is created for the participants to perform while using UUM Student Web Portal. Only the web version of the UUM Student Portal is considered in this usability testing, while the mobile application is not considered as the eye-tracking device is more suitable to be put underneath the computer monitor. Each participant needed to complete 6 main tasks, including 3 simple (Task 1, 2 and 3) and 3 complex tasks (Task 4, 5 and 6). Each participant was handed a card consisting of the following tasks to perform during the test. The facilitator explained the task prior to the test. Task 1. Log in to the UUM Student Portal using your username and password. Task 2. Check the timetable for the current semester. Task 3. Change the background of the portal to the “Ocean Blue” background. Task 4. Check the list of courses taken to date. Task 5. Access Student Portal FIMS via UUM Student Portal. Task 6. Access e-resources from UUM student portal. There are no post-usability test questionnaires for this usability test session because we use the data from eye tracking to evaluate the usability problems. The metrics for analysis are heat maps and gaze plots. Heat maps and gaze plots are used to visualise the data obtained from the Tobii eye tracker. The participants’ eye gazes are compiled on a single page in gaze plots. Gaze plots display a variety of key data points, such as the location of the user’s fixations, numbers in the dots representing the sequence in which the user glanced at the things, and the size of the dot representing how long the user gazed at the item. Each gaze plot is analysed, and the pattern of the gaze plot is identified. The pattern is then compared with the literature findings to associate or correlate with the possible usability problems. Heat maps show the parts of a website where users focused most of their attention. The heat map location indicates the user’s focus on the interface. We can identify the usability problem by analysing the heat maps. Each data set will be analysed to determine the usability issues encountered by participants. The eye-tracking patterns of the participants will be recognised, studied, and correlated to the usability issues.  
   
  4 Findings In total, 15 participants participated in this usability testing, and six tasks were performed with eye-tracking tools. Table 2 shows the data for task completion and the time taken to complete the task for each participant, P (1 is complete; 0 is incomplete). The data was extracted from the eye-tracking records. Most of the participants managed to perform almost all of the tasks. However, for Task 4 (T4) “Check the list of courses taken to date”, there are three failures. Task 1 (T1) “Logging into the UUM Student Portal using your username and password,” Task 2 (T2) “Checking the timetable for the current semester,” Task 3 (T3) “Changing the background of the portal to the ‘Ocean Blue’ background,” Task 5 (T5) “Accessing Student Portal FIMS via UUM Student Portal,” and Task 6 (T6) “Accessing e-resources from the UUM student portal” all achieved a 100% completion rate.  
   
  128  
   
  N. F. A. Azmi et al. Table 2. Data for Completion of Task and Time Taken for Each Participant.  
   
  P  
   
  T1  
   
  Time (s)  
   
  T2  
   
  P1  
   
  1  
   
  117.34  
   
  1  
   
  P2  
   
  1  
   
  18.42  
   
  P3  
   
  1  
   
  P4  
   
  1  
   
  P5  
   
  Time (s)  
   
  T3  
   
  Time (s)  
   
  T4  
   
  Time (s)  
   
  T5  
   
  Time (s)  
   
  T6  
   
  Time (s)  
   
  7.69  
   
  1  
   
  16.22  
   
  0  
   
  19.47  
   
  1  
   
  4.88  
   
  1  
   
  37.91  
   
  1  
   
  4.41  
   
  1  
   
  42.78  
   
  1  
   
  14.25  
   
  1  
   
  11.66  
   
  1  
   
  6.19  
   
  35.14  
   
  1  
   
  12.84  
   
  1  
   
  7.33  
   
  1  
   
  30.70  
   
  1  
   
  15.43  
   
  1  
   
  8.94  
   
  1  
   
  25.69  
   
  1  
   
  11.87  
   
  1  
   
  3.76  
   
  14.98  
   
  1  
   
  15.14  
   
  1  
   
  9.72  
   
  1  
   
  16.09  
   
  1  
   
  5.60  
   
  1  
   
  12.99  
   
  1  
   
  17.19  
   
  1  
   
  23.31  
   
  1  
   
  6.68  
   
  P6  
   
  1  
   
  15.34  
   
  1  
   
  8.43  
   
  1  
   
  4.62  
   
  0  
   
  48.03  
   
  1  
   
  9.20  
   
  1  
   
  5.70  
   
  P7  
   
  1  
   
  22.19  
   
  1  
   
  2.89  
   
  1  
   
  12.48  
   
  0  
   
  17.38  
   
  1  
   
  8.40  
   
  1  
   
  80.41  
   
  P8  
   
  1  
   
  32.20  
   
  1  
   
  4.04  
   
  1  
   
  9.21  
   
  0  
   
  25.79  
   
  1  
   
  5.36  
   
  1  
   
  6.39  
   
  P9  
   
  1  
   
  42.38  
   
  1  
   
  5.81  
   
  1  
   
  8.69  
   
  1  
   
  25.14  
   
  1  
   
  3.60  
   
  1  
   
  27.20  
   
  P10  
   
  1  
   
  60.92  
   
  1  
   
  4.20  
   
  1  
   
  7.04  
   
  1  
   
  14.89  
   
  1  
   
  21.04  
   
  1  
   
  11.69  
   
  P11  
   
  1  
   
  13.38  
   
  1  
   
  17.10  
   
  1  
   
  6.59  
   
  1  
   
  11.92  
   
  1  
   
  11.07  
   
  1  
   
  4.47  
   
  P12  
   
  1  
   
  25.87  
   
  1  
   
  6.90  
   
  1  
   
  5.80  
   
  1  
   
  10.44  
   
  1  
   
  16.74  
   
  1  
   
  9.09  
   
  P13  
   
  1  
   
  19.35  
   
  1  
   
  8.44  
   
  1  
   
  9.13  
   
  1  
   
  79.60  
   
  1  
   
  10.39  
   
  1  
   
  6.11  
   
  P14  
   
  1  
   
  29.83  
   
  1  
   
  21.25  
   
  1  
   
  5.52  
   
  1  
   
  45.19  
   
  1  
   
  6.72  
   
  1  
   
  8.08  
   
  P15  
   
  1  
   
  60.01  
   
  1  
   
  12.45  
   
  1  
   
  5.15  
   
  1  
   
  12.38  
   
  1  
   
  12.80  
   
  1  
   
  10.30  
   
  (P = participant, T = Task, 1 = completed task, 0 = incomplete task)  
   
  The average time taken for Task 1 is 35.94 s, while Participants P1, P10 and P15 took 117.34 s, 60.92 s and 60.01 s respectively. From the observation, the reason for the longer time to complete the task is unrelated to the interface. Participants P1, P10 and P15 are able to perform the given tasks, but the Internet connection and/or longer time taken to connect to the UUM Student Portal Server are identified as the main problem when performing this task. Figure 1(a) and 1(b) show the visualization of the eye-tracking data for Participant 1 for Task 1. The data is represented in the form of heat maps and gaze plots. Analysis from the heat maps and gaze plot shows that the participant had more focus on the login area. It is apparent that the participant concentrates extensively on darker or red-coloured heat zones within the login area. This suggests that there is no problem with the interaction between the participant and the interface of the portal itself. The gaze plot also shows the participant’s gaze is concentrated in the Login area. For Task 2, the average time taken is 9.17 s. 10 out of 15 participants completed the task under 10 s. This is a straightforward task where the participants only need to scroll down the main page of the UUM Student Portal to check the timetable. Five participants that take longer time, check the timetable at the “Lecture” tab, which is also acceptable. Figure 2 shows the heat map for Task 2 performed by Participant P7, who recorded the shortest completion time. In contrast, Fig. 3 shows the heat map for Task 2, Participant P14, who takes the longest time to complete the task. Figure 2 shows that the participant  
   
  Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker  
   
  129  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b) Fig. 1. (a). Heat Maps for Participant 1, Task 1. (b). Gaze Plot for Participant 1, Task 1.  
   
  only focuses on the class timetable. In Fig. 3, the heat map shows that the focus is more concentrated on the “Lecture” tab area. This participant takes an extra step to perform the task. This is acceptable and can be considered as the task is completed with extra time. Task 3 has achieved a 100% completion rate, with an average time of 10.83 s taken to complete the task. The majority of participants perform the task proficiently, with only Participant P2 taking the longest time at 42.78 s. Additionally, this task is considered straightforward. Figure 4(a) and 4(b) show the heat maps and gaze plot for Participant P2, Task 3. The participant has more focus on the left side of the portal. He tries to search for the  
   
  130  
   
  N. F. A. Azmi et al.  
   
  Fig. 2. Heat Maps for Participant P7, Task 2.  
   
  Fig. 3. Heat Maps for Participant P14, Task 2.  
   
  button to change the background on the left side of the portal. Less focus is given to the right side of the portal. The gaze plot also observes the same pattern as the heat maps. From the gaze plot, it can be concluded that the participant tried to look for the button to change the background on the left side for a longer time than in the end he just discovered the button is on the top right of the portal. Task 4 has the lowest completion rate with the average time taken to complete the task is 25.49 s. 11 out of 15 participants are able to perform this task. Participants P1, P6, P7, and P8 record four failures. Participant P6 just gives up after trying to complete the task a few times. This task is quite complicated and requires participants to select one of many menus in the Academic tab in the UUM Student Portal. The failure recorded for  
   
  Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker  
   
  131  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b) Fig. 4. (a). Heat Maps for Participant P2, Task 3. (b). Gaze Plot for Participant P2, Task 3.  
   
  this task is because the participant checks the course structure that lists all the subjects that need to be completed to be able to graduate. However, the task asks for a list of the courses taken as up to date. Participant P6 is one of the participants who failed the task and took the longest time which is 48.03 s. Figure 5(a) and 5(b) show the heat map and gaze plot for Participant P6 performing Task 4. The heat map and gaze plot show that the participant is struggling to perform the task as the eye movement is captured scattered throughout the screen. The participant is trying to figure out how to complete the task by trying out every single function on the interface. The participant also surfed different pages and by doing trial-and-error methods to try to complete the task.  
   
  132  
   
  N. F. A. Azmi et al.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b) Fig. 5. (a). Heat Maps for Participant P6, Task 4. (b). Gaze Plot for Participant P6, Task 4.  
   
  The average time recorded for Task 5 is 11.48 s. All the participants were able to complete this task efficiently. Only two participants complete this task with time taken to complete the task more than 20 s. This is also because of the bad gateway to access the FIMS Portal via UUM Student Portal. Because there is no failure and all the participants are doing well on this task, there will be no further analysis of the heat map and gaze plot. Task 6 has been successfully completed by all participants, with an average completion time of 15.58 s. However, there are three participants who significantly take more time than the average. Participants P1, P7 and P9 take 37.91 s, 80.41 s and 27.20 s respectively. A longer time taken observed for participants P1 and P9 because of the poor  
   
  Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker  
   
  133  
   
  gateway to access the E-Resources Portal via UUM Student Portal. While for Participant P7, a combination of the longer time taken to search the e-Resources link at the UUM Student Portal and a poor gateway to connect to the E-Resources server. Figure 6(a) and 6(b) show where Participant P7 focuses when completing the task. The heat map shows the darker colour that denotes more attention given to the Main Menu. The pattern of eye movement recorded throughout the page also indicates that this participant also used trial-and-error to perform Task 6.  
   
  (a)  
   
  (b) Fig. 6. (a). Heat Maps for Participant P7, Task 6. (b). Gaze Plot for Participant P7, Task 6.  
   
  134  
   
  N. F. A. Azmi et al.  
   
  5 Discussion and Suggestion In this study, the usability of the UUM Student Portal was investigated using eye-tracking devices to gain insight into the usability problems of the portal. The portal is essential to all active students in UUM. By looking at the completion of the task, it is sufficient to say that the usability of the portal is generally acceptable. In general, 11 out of 15 participants are able to complete the tasks while the other four participants are able to complete five out of six tasks. That means only four out of 15 participants failed to complete one task which is Task 4 “Check the list of courses taken to date”. Task 4 has the lowest completion rate, with 73.33% of participants successfully completing the task, which translates to 11 out of 15 participants being able to complete it. When the heat map and eye-tracking metrics are analysed, the participants’ eye does scatter throughout the screen with more focus on the main Menu and sub-Menu on the page. The participants keep repeating the same pattern, looking at the main Menu and then at the sub-Menu several times. This eye movement pattern and repeated fixation suggest that the interface is lacking in visibility [8]. Furthermore, Ehmke and Wilson [10] also suggest that many short fixations across the page can be correlated with the missing expected information on the page. For example, the user goes to a page site expecting to find the specific details which are not provided. Although Task 5 has a full completion rate, it is observed that the participants were having some difficulty in locating the E-Resources menu. The findings from heat maps are able to support the observation. The participant’s attention or focus is mostly on the main Menu. The link to E-Resources is in the “Facility” Menu. Most participants did not expect the E-Resources link in the “Facility” Menu and they expected it to be in the “Academic” Menu. When they could not find it in the “Academic” Menu, they began to search for each menu. This may suggest unclear terminology used for the “Facility” Menu or unclear grouping of the sub-Menus that do not match with the user’s mental model [10]. These are suggestions to improve the usability of the UUM Student Portal. Firstly, organize the links and sub-menus in each Menu so that the user can easily search for the information that they need. Gestalt Theory suggests that the elements with attributes that are perceived as related tend to be grouped together [11]. The Law of Similarity in the same theory also suggested that the human eye has a tendency to build a relationship between similar components in a design [12]. To improve the web usability and to overcome the difficulty faced by the participants to complete Task 6, it is suggested that correct terminology is used. Maybe the developer can consider changing the “Facility” menu to the “E-Services” menu. If this suggestion appears to be not suitable because there are some functions that enable the user to book any university’s facility in this menu, we can suggest creating another menu. For example, the “Facility” menu will remain for the booking of university facilities and create one more menu which is the “E-services” menu that compiled all the electronicbased services links under one menu, including the E-Resources link.  
   
  Usability Study of UUM Student Portal Using Eye Tracker  
   
  135  
   
  6 Conclusion This study aims to investigate the usability of the UUM Student Portal using an eyetracker. Based on the study’s findings, the usability of the UUM Student Portal appears to be satisfactory for use by UUM students, particularly those who are predominantly computer literate. A few suggestions were made to improve the web usability and user experience. The developer needs to consider organizing the menus and submenus for better accessibility. Furthermore, some recommendations and alternative terminologies were proposed. In conclusion, UUM Student Portal is usable in general but needs to be improved to elevate the user experience among the students.  
   
  References 1. Al-Sakran, H.O., Alsudairi, M.A.: Usability and accessibility assessment of Saudi Arabia mobile e-government websites. IEEE Access 9, 48254–48275 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/ ACCESS.2021.3068917 2. Hussain, A., Mkpojiogu, E.O.C., Abduljabbar, A.M., Almadhagi, A.H.G.: A usability evaluation of UUM mobile for student app on IOS and Android platforms. 020052 (2018). https:// doi.org/10.1063/1.5055454 3. Nielsen, J., Pernice, K.: Eyetracking Web Usability. New Riders, Indianapolis (2010) 4. Just, M.A., Carpenter, P.A.: A capacity theory of comprehension: individual differences in working memory. Psychol. Rev. 99(1), 122–149 (1992). http://www.ccbi.cmu.edu/reprints/ Just_Carpenter_PsychRev-1992_capacity-theory.pdf 5. Tani¸s, H., Akçay, A., Yilmaz, N., Yi˘git, M.F., Tüzün, H.: How usable is Coursera? A usability analysis through eye-tracking and authentic tasks. Participatory Educ. Res. 9(4), 379–395 (2022). https://doi.org/10.17275/per.22.96.9.4 6. Zardari, B.A., Hussain, Z., Arain, A.A., Rizvi, W.H., Vighio, M.S.: QUEST e-learning portal: applying heuristic evaluation, usability testing and eye tracking. Univ. Access Inf. Soc. 20(3), 531–543 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10209-020-00774-z 7. Nielsen, J.: 10 Usability Heuristics for User Interface Design. Nielsen Norman Group, Fremont (1994). https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ten-usability-heuristics/ 8. Goldberg, J.H., Kotval, X.P.: Computer interface evaluation using eye movements: methods and constructs. Int. J. Ind. Ergon. 24(6), 631–645 (1999). https://doi.org/10.1016/S0169-814 1(98)00068-7 9. Nielsen, J., Pernice, K.: How to Conduct Eye-Tracking Studies. Nielsen Norman Group, Fremont (2009). https://www.nngroup.com/reports/how-to-conduct-eyetracking-studies/ 10. Ehmke, C., Wilson, S. G.: Identifying web usability problems from eye-tracking data. In: Proceedings of HCI 2007 The 21st British HCI Group Annual Conference University of Lancaster, UK (2007). https://doi.org/10.14236/ewic/HCI2007.12 11. Wertheimer, M.: Gestalt Theory. A Source Book of Gestalt Psychology, pp. 1–11. Kegan Paul, Trench, Trubner & Company (1938). https://doi.org/10.1037/11496-001 12. Soegaard, M.: The law of similarity—Gestalt principles (Part 1). The Interaction Design Foundation (2022). https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/the-law-of-similarity-ges talt-principles-1  
   
  Education Transformation Through Technology  
   
  University Student Dashboard: Enhancing Student Trend Analysis and Decision-Making Processes Teh Soon Li1 , Mohamad Sabri bin Sinal1(B) , Mazni Omar1 and Muhammad Nur Adilin bin Mohamad Anuardi2  
   
  ,  
   
  1 Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]  2 Hiroshima University, 1-7-1 Kagamiyama, Higashi-Hiroshima, Hiroshima 739-8521, Japan  
   
  Abstract. In today’s data-driven era, organizations are constantly seeking ways to improve their decision-making processes, and dashboards have emerged as an effective solution for this purpose. Dashboards provide a real-time visual representation of an organization’s critical data, metrics, and performance indicators, allowing decision-makers to quickly comprehend key insights and make informed decisions. Universities are increasingly adopting dashboards to facilitate datadriven decision-making, allowing administrators to identify areas of strength and weakness in various academic and administrative functions. The objective of this study is to propose a holistic dashboard model for universities that includes critical aspects of student data on campus implemented in a higher education institution in Malaysia. The model will provide extensive student data segments that can be monitored and supported regularly, providing the top management with a broader perspective on the student’s condition on campus. To assess the efficacy of the proposed dashboard model, the Datus model, a comprehensive framework that aids organizations in designing and implementing efficient dashboards in terms of accessibility, appropriate recognizability, effectiveness, efficiency, learnability, operability, satisfaction, and user interface aesthetic, will be utilized. The results indicate that the user interface design received a favorable response, while the usability evaluation revealed that operability, appropriate recognizability, and accessibility were areas that require improvement. Keywords: University Dashboard · Business Intelligence · Usability Evaluation  
   
  1 Introduction In the present era of data-driven businesses, organizations are continually seeking ways to enhance their decision-making processes. Dashboards have emerged as an effective approach to achieving this goal by providing a real-time visual representation of an organization’s critical data, metrics, and performance indicators. This enables decision-makers to quickly comprehend key insights and make informed decisions. Due to their ability to provide real-time data visualization and facilitate informed decision-making, dashboards have gained widespread popularity across various sectors, including healthcare, © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 139–153, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_11  
   
  140  
   
  T. S. Li et al.  
   
  education, finance, and retail [1–5]. Moreover, dashboards have become an indispensable tool for organizations seeking to improve their operational efficiency and elevate their decision-making processes. There has been a growing trend in the adoption of dashboards in the field of education, with universities increasingly utilizing dashboards to facilitate data-driven decisionmaking. Dashboards offer a visual representation of key performance metrics and data, enabling university administrators to identify areas of strength and weakness in various academic and administrative functions. This facilitates effective resource allocation, strategic planning, and decision-making. Furthermore, dashboards can be customized to cater to the specific needs of different stakeholders, such as students, faculty, and administrators. With the increasing availability of data in universities, the trend towards dashboard utilization is expected to continue, with future research focusing on developing more sophisticated dashboard models that incorporate advanced analytics techniques and machine learning algorithms [6–8] to enhance the accuracy and efficiency of data-driven decision-making. The primary objective of higher education institutions such as universities is to provide quality education and produce graduates who are well-rounded. In Malaysia, universities aspire to become centers of excellence for education, leading referral centers for all aspects of education scholarship, and premier resource centers for various studies. However, the current economic situation presents significant challenges for these institutions in terms of achieving their objectives. Despite the challenges, universities in Malaysia are determined to become the world’s top university. To achieve this goal, it is essential to address issues such as the development of a comprehensive decision-making process for students. Students are critical to universities, as they are the fundamental basis of these institutions. Thus, it is vital for universities to prioritize the well-being of their students, considering their function as the primary revenue source, reputation enhancers, key players in the research and innovation framework, future alumni, and deserving beneficiaries of a safe and supportive educational environment, aligned with the social obligations of universities. The top management of universities plays a crucial role in developing appropriate policies and making informed decisions that benefit the students. To address this challenge, higher institutions like universities recognize the need for a platform that can provide the university’s top management with a well-organized and systematic presentation of the university and student data. An innovative approach such as the business intelligence approach is necessary to provide the required perspective to solve the problem at hand. The business intelligence approach encompasses the processes, technologies, and tools that organizations use to collect, analyze, and present data that enables the analysis of information to optimize decisions and performance [9, 10]. The aim of this research paper is to present a new university dashboard model that integrates all essential components of student data on campus, implemented in a higher education institution in Malaysia. This model will provide extensive and regular monitoring of various student data segments, enabling top management to gain a more comprehensive perspective on the students’ condition on campus. To ensure the usability of the dashboard model while balancing the target audience’s needs with technicality and  
   
  University Student Dashboard  
   
  141  
   
  information, we will evaluate it using the Datus model. The Datus model is a comprehensive framework that supports organizations in designing and implementing effective dashboards, considering multiple factors such as data sources, data quality, visualization techniques, user requirements, and performance indicators. The remaining sections of this paper are organized as follows: Sect. 2 presents related works to address the issues of existing methods in designing a university dashboard model. Section 3 outlines the proposed dashboard model and its methodology for developing the dashboards. Section 4 presents and discusses the procedure of evaluation and the evaluation results of the proposed models in detail. Finally, Sect. 5 provides concluding remarks, including a discussion of potential future research areas.  
   
  2 Related Work Mihaela et al. [11] presented a performance dashboard model designed to enhance the efficiency of measuring, monitoring, and managing organizational performance for executives. Their work included a SWOT analysis to implement a performance management system and dashboard for Romanian universities, currently undergoing significant changes to remain competitive in the market. The study focused on the critical components of a performance dashboard that can provide accurate and timely information to university management. Although the proposed dashboard model covered six dimensions of university focus, including research, finance, business processes, staff and workplace satisfaction, student teaching and learning, and faculty, the authors did not provide detailed explanations for refining each component. The student segment, for example, only covers a few parameters such as enrollment, retention rate, student outcomes, and students living on campus, which does not offer a comprehensive view of student life on campus. The dashboard’s requirement was considered weak due to the absence of a user acceptance test model to confirm its relevance. This study proposes a well-constructed requirement for the university’s performance dashboard, including all necessary and accurate information related to students on campus. The proposed dashboard model evaluates and refines each focus of the student through a series of processes with top management, leading to high user acceptance. Erna et al. [12] introduced a tactical dashboard model designed to present program study information at a university in Indonesia. The primary objective of this research was to develop a dashboard model that emphasized accurate presentation of pertinent information based on the university’s requirements. While the proposed dashboard model describes a well-refined process for identifying the appropriate parameters, the refinement process was based on assumptions and not on any specific dashboard development model or collection requirements obtained from targeted audience feedback. As a result, the proposed model is considered inadequate, as it did not receive proper evaluation to ensure it met the needs of the intended audience. Therefore, in this proposed study, the authors aim to incorporate targeted audience feedback to create a stronger foundation for developing a suitable dashboard for top management. Additionally, the study aims to balance the needs of top management with the technicality of the dashboard and the information displayed on it.  
   
  142  
   
  T. S. Li et al.  
   
  Mohd Tuah et.al [13] introduced a smart system that uses data analytics and a dashboard to facilitate university students’ self-monitoring, progress tracking, and management of important information related to their final year project. The system was developed using a Rapid Application Development methodology to create the prototype. To ensure that the dashboard meets user requirements, the author utilized Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) to measure system acceptance and user behavior intention in using the proposed system. Although TAM has shown significant impacts, it does not fully account for social and contextual factors that may influence technology adoption. TAM primarily focuses on individual users’ perceptions of the technology’s usefulness and ease of use, ignoring how social context and relationships between users and their peers may affect their adoption behavior. Therefore, an alternative model, Datus, was utilized in this paper, which recognizes social influence and trust as critical factors that may influence technology adoption. Datus considers the influence of interpersonal and social network relationships, providing a more comprehensive view of user behavior and representing user feedback towards the dashboard’s quality and usability more accurately.  
   
  3 Methodology This section outlines the proposed dashboard model development process, which employs Agile methodology to achieve research objectives. The Agile methodology was chosen for this research project due to its suitability in addressing the challenges of changing requirements from stakeholders. The ability for universities to adapt quickly to the uncertainties and fast-paced changes in business is crucial for improving efficiency and meeting stakeholder expectations [14].  
   
  Fig. 1. Agile software development methodology  
   
  The Agile methodology employed in this research involved five stages: brainstorming, design, development, quality assurance, and deployment. These stages are illustrated in Fig. 1, and their particulars are as follows: Brainstorm: In the requirement gathering phase, the university’s top management was involved in three iterations of the process. Meetings were held with various stakeholders to identify the necessary information for the dashboard. The framework draft was subjected to an initial iteration, followed by gathering feedback from the strategic and corporate planning division staff member from a higher education institution, and then underwent subsequent revisions. Further feedback was obtained to create the final framework, which formed the basis for the storyboard design.  
   
  University Student Dashboard  
   
  143  
   
  Design: In the design phase, a low-fidelity prototype for the dashboard was created. The team conducted several iterations to enhance the dashboard’s effectiveness in displaying relevant information. The dashboard’s elements and content were scrutinized and justified based on feedback from the target audience. Development: During this phase, the development of the dashboard has been done using the MicroStrategy platform. The process will include multiple iterations of development and revision, incorporating feedback from the target audience to ensure an optimal user experience. The previously created storyboard will guide the development process, with work continuing the MicroStrategy dossier until its completion. The placement of each visualization in the dashboard will be carefully designed based on the storyboard. Quality Assurance: In the testing phase, numerous iterations and demos have been conducted to ensure optimal user experience. Extensive testing will be performed to validate each layer of the dashboard, verifying that it is error-free and displays the required information accurately. Users have been provided with a questionnaire and task list to evaluate the dashboard’s usability. Any feedback or findings provided by the users will be analyzed, and feasible enhancements will be implemented. Suggestions that are difficult to implement will be noted as future work. Deployment: In this phase, after the dashboard has undergone thorough stress testing, it will be uploaded to the online library and prepared for deployment. Regular maintenance will be carried out to ensure the dashboard operates seamlessly and remains free of errors.  
   
  3.1 The Proposed University Student Dashboard Model This section provides a detailed explanation of the components of the proposed university student dashboard model. The dashboard comprises eight components, including enrollment, intake, achievement, entrepreneurship, demographics, graduate employability, mobility program, and alumni, as shown in Fig. 2. The dashboard model is structured into three levels, namely level 0, level 1, and level 2. An illustration of the proposed dashboard prototype is presented in Fig. 3 and Fig. 4. The content presented in the dashboard is solely for illustrative purposes, as it is based on dummy data that does not reflect actual real-world conditions.  
   
  Fig. 2. University Student Dashboard Framework  
   
  144  
   
  T. S. Li et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. University student dashboard level 0 for main page  
   
  Fig. 4. University student dashboard level 1 for enrollment  
   
  4 Evaluation and Results 4.1 Evaluation Strategy This section describes the evaluation procedure for a study aimed at assessing the usability of a proposed dashboard model. To achieve this, the Dashboard Assessment Usability Model (DATUS), developed by Antunes [15], is employed. DATUS is chosen for its ability to efficiently identify usability issues and enhance the user interface. The model is formulated through an analysis of six existing questionnaires and a customized questionnaire is created for dashboard usability testing. The DATUS questionnaire consists of eight dimensions, including effectiveness, efficiency, satisfaction, learnability, accessibility, appropriate recognizability, user interface aesthetics, and operability. The study applies DATUS, and the results of the mapping and analysis of DATUS questions based on the eight dimensions are presented in Tables 1, and 2, respectively. To ensure an accurate representation of the broader outcomes and requirements of the university dashboard in the study, the participation of 11 staff members from  
   
  University Student Dashboard  
   
  145  
   
  Table 1. DATUS Questionnaires No  
   
  Questions  
   
  Strongly Disagree 1  
   
  1  
   
  Overall, I am satisfied with how easy it is to use this dashboard  
   
  2  
   
  It was simple to use this dashboard  
   
  3  
   
  I can effectively complete my work using this dashboard  
   
  4  
   
  I am able to complete my goals (tasks) quickly using this dashboard  
   
  5  
   
  I am able to efficiently complete my goals (tasks) using this dashboard  
   
  6  
   
  I feel comfortable using this dashboard  
   
  7  
   
  It was easy to learn to use this dashboard  
   
  8  
   
  I believe I became productive quickly using this dashboard  
   
  9  
   
  Whenever I make a mistake using the dashboard, I recover easily and quickly  
   
  10  
   
  The information (on-screen messages) provided with this dashboard is clear  
   
  11  
   
  It was easy to find the information I needed  
   
  12  
   
  The information displayed in the dashboard is easy to understand  
   
  13  
   
  The information displayed in the dashboard is effective in helping me complete the tasks and scenarios  
   
  14  
   
  The organization of the information on the dashboard is clear  
   
  Strongly Agree 2  
   
  3  
   
  4  
   
  5  
   
  (continued)  
   
  146  
   
  T. S. Li et al. Table 1. (continued)  
   
  No  
   
  Questions  
   
  15  
   
  The interface of this dashboard is pleasant  
   
  16  
   
  I like using the interface of this dashboard  
   
  17  
   
  This dashboard has all the functions and capabilities I expect it to have  
   
  18  
   
  Overall, I am satisfied with this dashboard  
   
  19  
   
  Data on the dashboard is easy to read  
   
  20  
   
  Visual encoding of data is consistent throughout the dashboard  
   
  Strongly Disagree 1  
   
  Strongly Agree 2  
   
  3  
   
  4  
   
  5  
   
  Table 2. Mapping of DATUS questionnaires with the dimension Dimensions  
   
  Questions  
   
  Satisfaction  
   
  Items 1, 6, 16 and 18  
   
  Effectiveness  
   
  Items 3 and 13  
   
  Efficiency  
   
  Items 4 and 5  
   
  Operability  
   
  Items 2, 9, 11, 14 and 20  
   
  Learnability  
   
  Items 7, 8, 10, 12  
   
  User interface aesthetics  
   
  Item 15  
   
  Appropriate recognizability  
   
  Item 17  
   
  Accessibility  
   
  Item 19  
   
  the Strategic and Corporate Planning Division of a higher education institution was selected. This department plays a crucial role in the university’s decision-making process as they manage and analyze essential university data, which informs the formulation, modification, or removal of policies aimed at enhancing stakeholder satisfaction and is presented to top management for consideration. Each participant will be given a questionnaire and a set of tasks to perform based on the information presented in the dashboard. Participants will be encouraged to explore the dashboard to complete the tasks listed in Table 3 and Table 4. The testing session for each participant will be recorded and evaluated based on three factors: (1) the number of  
   
  University Student Dashboard  
   
  147  
   
  goals accurately achieved, (2) the number of errors, and (3) the time taken to complete a task. The first evaluation establishes the importance of achieving accurate outcomes for each task by determining the correct goal attainment based on the number of accurately answered goals or tasks. The second evaluation quantifies errors by computing the average number of incorrect outcomes executed by the participants during task or goal completion. Lastly, the third evaluation measures task completion time. Table 3. List of tasks Task Id  
   
  Task Description  
   
  1  
   
  The total number of students enrolled in UUM Sintok  
   
  2  
   
  The number of students with the enrollment channel of open channel  
   
  3  
   
  The number of students that graduate on time in 2019  
   
  4  
   
  The number of students that dropout in 2021  
   
  5  
   
  The number of postgraduate intake in 2020  
   
  6  
   
  The number of students in the b40 category in 2018  
   
  7  
   
  The number of undergraduates in SEFB  
   
  8  
   
  The number of students won in sport competition  
   
  9  
   
  The number of students won in debate, advocacy, and oratory competition at the international level  
   
  10  
   
  The number of students with university job in semester 1  
   
  11  
   
  The number of students with diploma as their entry qualification  
   
  12  
   
  The number of students with B40 status in Pahang  
   
  13  
   
  The number of rooms available in “Inasis TM”  
   
  14  
   
  The percentage of graduate employability in STHEM  
   
  15  
   
  The percentage of graduate employability in less than 12 months in SBM  
   
  16  
   
  The number of students that went for outbound mobility in the b40 category  
   
  17  
   
  The number of students that have mobility programs in Europe  
   
  18  
   
  The number of alumni in 2019  
   
  19  
   
  The number of female alumni in 2021  
   
  20  
   
  The number of alumni that has the position of senior executive in the non-government sector  
   
  4.1.1 The Calculation of the List of Task In this section, a detailed breakdown of the assessment approach, including the presentation of relevant evaluation formulas, is discussed and shown in Table 5. Once the tasks listed in Table 3 are completed, the participants will be asked to fill out the DATUS questionnaire, as shown in Table 1. The questionnaire will use a Likert  
   
  148  
   
  T. S. Li et al. Table 4. Open-ended questions  
   
  No  
   
  Questions  
   
  1  
   
  Is there any information you would like to see that has not been considered on the dashboard?  
   
  2  
   
  Do you have any other comments or suggestions you want to share with us?  
   
  Table 5. Calculation of The List of Task Items  
   
  Calculation  
   
  Number of goals answered correctly  
   
  x=  
   
  Totalnumberofcorrectoutcomes NumberofTasks  
   
  Number of errors  
   
  y=  
   
  Totalnumberofincorrectoutcomes NumberofTasks  
   
  Time taken to complete a task  
   
  Seconds  
   
  scale ranging from 1 (strongly disagree) to 5 (strongly agree) to assess the dashboard’s quantitative usability aspects. Additionally, two open-ended questions will be provided to obtain feedback and suggestions for enhancing the dashboard, as described in Table 4. The qualitative aspect of the evaluation will involve analyzing the feedback provided. The usability testing session will be conducted on-site with the respondents. 4.2 Results This section presents a comprehensive discussion of the study’s findings. The first test’s results, measuring the number of correctly answered goals, will be discussed, followed by the second test’s findings, measuring the number of errors. The third test’s evaluation of the time taken to complete each task will also be presented. Additionally, the DATUS Satisfaction Questionnaire Analysis will be conducted to validate whether the findings align with the anticipated outcome. Further details of the discussion are provided in the following subsection. 4.2.1 The Number of Goals Answered Correctly This section provides an evaluation of the first test, which analyzed data collected from 11 participants. The results showed that 82% (9/11) of the participants successfully completed all goals with the correct outcome. One participant (6%) completed 95% (19/20) of the goals correctly, while another participant (6%) completed 90% (18/20) of the goals correctly. These findings suggest that the majority of participants understood the tasks and were able to navigate the dashboard effectively to find the correct answers.  
   
  University Student Dashboard  
   
  149  
   
  4.2.2 The Number of Errors This section focuses on the assessment of the second evaluation test. The results showed that majority of the participants, accounting for 82% (9/11), did not make any errors during the evaluation. However, 18% (2/11) of participants made one or two mistakes, with each category accounting for 6% (1/11) of the total number of participants. It is possible that this could be attributed to the Corporate Planning Division members’ familiarity with working with data. Table 6. Number of wrong outcomes per task Task Id  
   
  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20  
   
  Wrong answers 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  1  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  According to the data presented in Table 6, each task is identified by a unique task ID, while the number of wrong answers indicates the total count of incorrect responses provided by the participants. In total, the 11 participants answered 220 questions, which comprised a list of 20 tasks. Based on the analysis, the current study achieved a significantly lower error rate (1.36%) than the previous study conducted by Antunes, which reported an error rate of 5.2% [15]. This suggests that the proposed dashboard model developed in this study is more effective in conveying information to users compared to the dashboard model used in Antunes’ study. Additionally, it is important to note that the error rate of 1.36% is well within an acceptable range for this type of study, indicating that the proposed dashboard model is both accurate and effective in meeting the needs of its intended audience. The specific tasks that had a single incorrect response each were tasks 3, 9, and 15. To determine the root cause of the inaccuracies observed, a more comprehensive inquiry is imperative. This could involve a detailed examination of the test recordings of the participants, in addition to providing additional explanations to support the findings. 4.2.3 Time Taken to Complete a Task This section presents the findings of the third test evaluation, which assesses the time taken by participants to complete each task. Figure 5 displays the relationship between task ID and time taken, with task ID on the x-axis and time taken in seconds on the y-axis. Task 14 had the longest average completion time of 38 s, followed by tasks 3 and 7 with an average time of 37 s each. These tasks required participants to navigate to a deeper level to access relevant information. Tasks 1 to 14 exhibited a fluctuating trend, with the average completion time increasing until it peaked at Task 14, indicating participants were trying to familiarize themselves with the dashboard’s layout. However, Tasks 15 to 20 had an average completion time of no more than 30 s, suggesting participants had become more familiar with the dashboard’s layout and placement. Task 1 had the shortest average completion time of 20 s. The proposed study can be considered better than Antunes’ study in terms of completion time, as it achieved an average time of 28 s per task, which is only one second longer than Antunes’ study. However, it should  
   
  150  
   
  T. S. Li et al.  
   
  be noted that the proposed study has additional features and functionalities that were not present in Antunes’ study, such as the incorporation of user feedback to improve the dashboard’s usability. Therefore, despite the slightly longer completion time, the proposed study provides more comprehensive and user-centric insights, making it a more robust and effective approach to dashboard development.  
   
  Time Taken (seconds)  
   
  Average time taken per task 32  
   
  40  
   
  37 27  
   
  20  
   
  34 35 37  
   
  27 25 30 28 28 29  
   
  38 22  
   
  28  
   
  21 21 24 24  
   
  20 0 1  
   
  2  
   
  3  
   
  4  
   
  5  
   
  6  
   
  7  
   
  8  
   
  9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 Task Id  
   
  Fig. 5. The average time taken per task  
   
  4.2.4 DATUS Satisfaction Questionnaire Analysis The Dashboard Assessment Usability Model (DATUS) Satisfaction Questionnaire is utilized to evaluate participants’ satisfaction with the usability of the dashboard. Table 7 presents the mean, median, and standard deviation of each task ID mapped to the dashboard’s usability dimensions, including accessibility, appropriate recognizability, effectiveness, efficiency, learnability, operability, satisfaction, and user interface aesthetics. Based on the results of the DATUS Satisfaction Questionnaire, the current study achieved a slightly lower mean score (90.38) and median score (92) compared to the scores achieved in Antunes’ study, which reported a mean score of 92.73 and a median score of 99 [15]. However, it is important to note that the scores achieved in the current study are still well within an acceptable range and indicate a high level of user satisfaction with the proposed dashboard model. Furthermore, it is worth noting that the proposed dashboard model developed in this study encompasses all crucial aspects of student data on campus in a single dashboard, which may provide users with a more efficient and effective means of accessing information compared to the dashboard model used in Antunes’ study. Overall, the findings of this study suggest that the proposed dashboard model is effective in meeting the needs of its intended audience and can potentially improve user satisfaction with the dashboard interface. Table 8 provides a summary of the analysis conducted in Table 7, which presents the analysis results based on the usability dimensions. Based on the results presented in Table 8, user interface aesthetics emerged as the usability dimension with the highest average score of 4.82, followed by effectiveness and satisfaction, with scores of 4.59 and 4.57, respectively. Meanwhile, efficiency was ranked fourth highest, with a score of 4.5. On the other hand, four usability dimensions, namely learnability, operability, appropriate recognizability, and accessibility, had an average score lower than 4.5, specifically 4.48, 4.47, 4.45, and 4.3, respectively. These  
   
  University Student Dashboard  
   
  151  
   
  Table 7. DATUS satisfaction questionnaire analysis based on task id Dimension  
   
  Task id  
   
  Mean  
   
  Median  
   
  Standard Deviation  
   
  Accessibility  
   
  19  
   
  4.36  
   
  4  
   
  0.505  
   
  Appropriate recognizability  
   
  7  
   
  4.45  
   
  5  
   
  0.522  
   
  Effectiveness  
   
  3  
   
  4.55  
   
  5  
   
  0.522  
   
  13  
   
  4.64  
   
  5  
   
  0.505  
   
  Efficiency  
   
  4  
   
  4.55  
   
  5  
   
  0.522  
   
  5  
   
  4.45  
   
  4  
   
  0.522  
   
  7  
   
  4.45  
   
  4  
   
  0.522  
   
  8  
   
  4.73  
   
  5  
   
  0.467  
   
  10  
   
  4.27  
   
  4  
   
  0.467  
   
  Learnability  
   
  Operability  
   
  Satisfaction  
   
  User Interface Aesthetic  
   
  12  
   
  4.46  
   
  4  
   
  0.522  
   
  2  
   
  4.27  
   
  4  
   
  0.467  
   
  9  
   
  4.64  
   
  5  
   
  0.505  
   
  11  
   
  4.36  
   
  4  
   
  0.505  
   
  14  
   
  4.55  
   
  5  
   
  0.522  
   
  20  
   
  4.55  
   
  5  
   
  0.522  
   
  1  
   
  4.27  
   
  4  
   
  0.467  
   
  6  
   
  4.55  
   
  5  
   
  0.522  
   
  16  
   
  4.82  
   
  5  
   
  0.405  
   
  18  
   
  4.64  
   
  5  
   
  0.505  
   
  15  
   
  4.82  
   
  5  
   
  0.405  
   
  90.38  
   
  92  
   
  -  
   
  Score  
   
  Table 8. DATUS satisfaction questionnaire analysis summary based on usability dimension Dimensions  
   
  Mean  
   
  Median  
   
  Standard Deviation  
   
  Accessibility  
   
  4.36  
   
  4  
   
  0.505  
   
  Appropriate recognizability  
   
  4.45  
   
  5  
   
  0.522  
   
  Effectiveness  
   
  4.59  
   
  5  
   
  0.503  
   
  Efficiency  
   
  4.5  
   
  5  
   
  0.502  
   
  Learnability  
   
  4.48  
   
  5  
   
  0.5  
   
  Operability  
   
  4.47  
   
  5  
   
  0.499  
   
  Satisfaction  
   
  4.57  
   
  5  
   
  0.478  
   
  User Interface Aesthetic  
   
  4.82  
   
  5  
   
  0.405  
   
  152  
   
  T. S. Li et al.  
   
  lower scores suggest that these dimensions have potential for improvement. The lower average score for accessibility could be attributed to the presence of elements such as tabs and sliders, which made it difficult for some participants to locate and access certain information. To enhance accessibility, careful attention is required during the dashboard design process. There are two open-ended questions that are optional for the participants of this usability evaluation which are “Is there any information you would like to see that has not been considered on the dashboard?” and “Do you have any other comments or suggestions you want to share with us?”. All the participants do not have a comment for the question “Is there any information you would like to see that has not been considered on the dashboard?”. The suggestions gained from the participants are shown in Table 9. These suggestions will be analyzed and considered in future work. Table 9. Suggestions from participants for the open-ended questions Suggestions Bigger font for the items in the dashboard Placing the view details button below the visualization  
   
  5 Conclusion and Future Work In conclusion, the University Student Dashboard model has the potential to greatly benefit the university’s top management by providing a reliable platform for monitoring key performance indicators and making data-driven decisions. The careful design of the information visualization enables the dashboard to serve as a great enabler for top management to have an overview of the university’s operations. While the user interface design was well received, the usability evaluation identified operability, appropriate recognizability, and accessibility as areas needing improvement. Future works could include the introduction of a machine learning algorithm for predictive capabilities and anomaly detection to identify rare occurrences in the university, ultimately saving resources. These enhancements would further increase the dashboard’s value for top management in long-term planning. Overall, the University Student Dashboard model presents an effective tool for improving the university’s decision-making processes and optimizing its operations.  
   
  References 1. Pedretti, A.S., et al.: Evaluation of telehealth service for COVID-19 outpatients: a dashboard to measure healthcare quality and safety. Stud. Health Technol. Inform. 290, 369–372 (2022) 2. Victor, S., Farooq, A.: Dashboard visualisation for healthcare performance management: Balanced scorecard metrics. Asia Pac. J. Health Manag. 16(2), 28–38 (2021)  
   
  University Student Dashboard  
   
  153  
   
  3. Susnjak, T., Ramaswami, G., Mathrani, A.: Learning analytics dashboard: a tool for providing actionable insights to learners. Int. J. Educ. Technol. High. Educ. 19 (2022) 4. Birogul, S., Gültekin, H.: Reviewing the effect of business intelligence on decision support process: an application on the finance sector. Bili¸sim Teknolojileri Dergisi 13(2), 197–206 (2020) 5. D’Hauwers, R., Borghys, K., Vannieuwenhuyze, J.T.A., Walravens, N., Lievens, B.: Challenges in data-driven policymaking: using smart city data to support local retail policies. ISPRS Ann. Photogram. Remote Sens. Spat. Inf. Sci. 6, 55–61 (2020) 6. Raj, S., Paliwal, M.: Higher education dashboard implementation using data mining and Data Warehouse: a review paper. Int. J. Innov. Res. Comput. Sci. Technol. 107–111 (2022) 7. Sushma Rao, H.S., Suresh, A., Hegde, V.: Academic dashboard—descriptive analytical approach to analyze student admission using education data mining. In: Mishra, D., Nayak, M., Joshi, A. (eds.) Information and Communication Technology for Sustainable Development. LNNS, vol. 2, pp. 423–432. Springer, Singapore (2018). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-103920-1_43 8. Oqaidi, K., Aouhassi, S., Mansouri, K.: Towards a students’ dropout prediction model in higher education institutions using machine learning algorithms. Int. J. Emerg. Technol. Learn. (Online) 17(18), 103 (2022) 9. Gartner. https://www.gartner.com/en/information-technology/glossary/business-intellige nce-bi. Accessed 03 Apr 2023 10. Investopedia. https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/business-intelligence-bi.asp. Accessed 03 Apr 2023 11. Muntean, M., Sabau, G., Bologa, A.-R., Surcel, T., Florea, A.: Performance dashboards for universities. In: Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on Manufacturing Engineering, Quality and Production Systems, pp. 206–211 (2010) 12. Piantari, E., Megasari, R., Hidayat, K.: Tactical dashboard design for study program in university. In: Proceedings of the 7th Mathematics, Science, and Computer Science Education International Seminar, MSCEIS 2019, Bandung, West Java, Indonesia (2020) 13. MohdTuah, N., Yoag, A., Mohd Nizam, D.N., Wan Chin, C.: A dashboard-based system to manage and monitor the progression of undergraduate IT degree final year projects. Pertanika J. Sci. Technol. 29(4), 235–256 (2021) 14. Prejean, E.A., Kilcoyne, M.S., Liao, W., Parker, C.: Is higher education talking and walking agile management: a review of the literature. Am. Int. J. Bus. Manag. 2(7), 8–18 (2019) 15. Antunes, R.S.D.S.: DATUS: dashboard assessment usability model: a case study with student dashboards. Doctoral dissertation (2020)  
   
  Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education: A Pilot Evaluation of a Malware Awareness Program for College Students Norliza Katuk1(B) , Nur A.’ fyfah Zaimy1 , Suren Krishnan1,2 , Raj Kumar Kunhiraman3 , Hwee-Hsiung Lee4 , and Derar Eleyan5 1 Institute for Advanced and Smart Digital Opportunities, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010  
   
  Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Intel Microelectronics, 11900 Bayan Lepas, Penang, Malaysia 3 Cyber Intelligence, 63000 Cyberjaya, Selangor, Malaysia 4 CyberSecurity Malaysia, 63000 Cyberjaya, Selangor, Malaysia 5 Applied Computing Department, Palestine Technical University, Kadoorie, Palestine  
   
  Abstract. This study evaluated the effectiveness of a malware awareness program designed to enhance college students’ knowledge of malware prevention strategies and promote responsible online behavior. The program group discussions and presentations are designed to address misconceptions and improve students’ understanding of malware prevention, including identifying security attacks, understanding malware spreading mechanisms, and avoiding risky online behavior. A study was conducted following the pre-test and post-test assessments to measure the program’s impact on students’ knowledge levels. The results revealed significant improvements in post-test scores indicating the program’s success in achieving its objectives. The observed enhancements in students’ knowledge can be attributed to the program’s focus on delivery techniques, which have been proven effective in enhancing knowledge retention and promoting learning. The implications of this study underscore the value of providing targeted and engaging cybersecurity education to college students. By incorporating malware awareness programs into the educational system, institutions can foster a more secure digital environment and promote a culture of cyber-resilience among future professionals. Furthermore, the program’s success suggests that similar interventions may be beneficial in other areas of cybersecurity, encouraging ongoing research and development of educational initiatives that address the diverse range of threats in today’s interconnected world. Keywords: Security · cybersecurity awareness · malware attacks · prevention · Higher education  
   
  1 Introduction The human element is often considered the weakest link in cybersecurity, making it crucial to prioritize cybersecurity awareness (CSA) in higher education to protect students from cyberattacks [1]. With technology playing an increasingly significant role © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 154–167, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_12  
   
  Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education  
   
  155  
   
  in our lives, it is essential to educate Internet users from a young age about Internet safety issues [2]. By fostering a solid cybersecurity knowledge and practices foundation, young people can better navigate the digital world and reduce their vulnerability to potential threats. In addition, Information Technology (IT)-related organizations particularly need robust cybersecurity awareness [3]. Employees in these organizations should be equipped with the necessary skills and knowledge to identify, prevent, and respond to cyber threats effectively. By implementing comprehensive CSA programs in educational institutions and IT-related organizations, it can foster a culture of security and vigilance that empowers individuals to protect their digital assets actively. Investing in cybersecurity education and awareness benefits individuals and strengthens the overall security posture of organizations and the broader digital ecosystem. Malware awareness is paramount among higher education students, as cybercriminals often target them due to their limited experience and knowledge in dealing with digital threats [4]. In addition, the prevalence of malware attacks on college and university networks has been steadily increasing, with institutions reporting numerous incidents involving ransomware, phishing, and other forms of malicious software [5]. Given the vast amount of sensitive information stored in educational institutions, students must be well-informed about the risks and types of malware and how to protect themselves [2]. Therefore, educational institutions are critical in equipping students with the necessary skills to identify and avoid malware threats [6]. By incorporating malware awareness into their cybersecurity curriculum, higher education institutions can ensure that students develop a solid understanding of the primary attack vectors and the proactive steps they can take to secure their devices and data [4]. Furthermore, regular training sessions and workshops can help students stay up-to-date with the latest malware trends and defense strategies [7]. The lack of malware awareness among students can have severe consequences for individuals and higher learning institutions [8]. On a personal level, students unaware of malware prevention strategies risk exposing sensitive data, such as academic records and financial information, to cyber criminals [6]. Malware attacks can lead to identity theft, financial loss, and damaged reputations, affecting students’ prospects and wellbeing. Higher learning institutions also suffer from the consequences of inadequate malware awareness [9]. Generally, cyberattacks can compromise institutional data, disrupt academic activities, and erode the institution’s credibility. Furthermore, the financial costs of recovering from a cyberattack can be immense, diverting resources from essential academic programs [7]. Given these potential consequences, this study aims to investigate and develop suitable and relevant malware awareness programs for higher-education students. Although organizations conducted awareness programs, limited studies were conducted on the effectiveness of the materials and the methods of conducting these programs. While the importance of malware awareness is recognized, there is a need for more comprehensive research that evaluates the specific materials, resources, and instructional approaches employed in these programs. On the other hand, equipping the students with the knowledge to recognize and prevent cyber threats can foster a more secure digital environment, safeguard personal and institutional data, and promote academic success [10]. Investing in the research and  
   
  156  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  implementation of robust malware awareness initiatives will ultimately benefit students and higher learning institutions in the long run. Specifically, this study is significant as it assesses the effectiveness of a specific intervention, namely the malware awareness program, through a pilot evaluation. This evaluation helps determine the program’s impact on students’ knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors related to malware threats, providing valuable insights for improving similar initiatives.  
   
  2 Related Studies 2.1 Malware Malware, short for malicious software, is a term that encompasses a wide range of software programs intentionally designed to cause harm to computer systems, networks, and users. A clear definition of malware remains an open challenge in computer virology, as various studies have comprehensively attempted to understand the concept [8, 9]. For example, Saeed, Selamat, and Abuagoub [11] defined malware as software created to harm a computer in some way, be it by slowing it down, monitoring its activities, stealing personal information, or gaining unauthorized access to secure areas. These threats pose significant risks to computer systems and the sensitive data they contain. Cisco [12] also defined malware as any malicious program created by cybercriminals, or hackers, intending to steal information from, disrupt, or even destroy computers and computer networks. According to Cisco, there are seven common distinct categories of malware: 1. Virus: A type of malware that attaches itself to legitimate programs and files, spreading from one file to another, often causing damage to system files and data. 2. Worms: Self-replicating malware that spreads through networks can consume system resources, potentially causing system crashes. 3. Trojan virus: Malware disguised as a legitimate program, gaining access to a user’s system to steal information or create a backdoor for further attacks. 4. Spyware: Software designed to monitor and collect information about a user’s activities, often without the user’s knowledge or consent. 5. Adware: Malware that delivers unwanted advertisements or redirects user searches to advertising websites, potentially exposing users to additional threats. 6. Ransomware: A type of malware that encrypts a user’s data or restricts access to their system, demanding payment in exchange for the decryption key or restored access. 7. Fileless malware: A sophisticated form of malware that resides in a computer’s memory or other temporary storage, making it difficult to detect and remove. Each category represents a unique threat to computer users and networks, requiring a multifaceted approach to prevention and mitigation [13]. As the tools and techniques employed by cybercriminals continue to evolve, individuals and organizations must remain vigilant in protecting their systems and data from the ever-growing threat of malware. To counter these threats, a combination of user education, robust security protocols, and up-to-date antivirus and anti-malware software can help minimize the risk of infection and mitigate the damage caused by malware attacks. In addition, by understanding the various types of malware and their potential impact, users can make informed decisions about their online activities and the security measures they employ to protect their digital assets.  
   
  Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education  
   
  157  
   
  2.2 Malware Prevention In recent eras, victims who have been infected with malware or have never been infected have sought further preventative measures. The majority of malware attack reports in 2017 were ransomware. According to statistics collected by researchers, the victims may have been infected with ransomware when they used the website’s services [14]. A few solutions are available to prevent malware attacks, including installing and updating antivirus. Installing antivirus software and keeping it up-to-date helps protect a computer from viruses and other malware (malicious software). For example, Microsoft Defender is free antivirus software that comes with Windows and is kept up to date automatically through Windows Update. Students can also choose to install antivirus products made by other companies on their computer devices. Using a complex password and constantly using the most up-to-date browser and operating system (OS) versions is essential to protect oneself from malware attacks. Students should immediately use complex passwords on whatever device or application they use. These passwords should have a mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and symbols and be at least eight characters. It is not enough for students to maintain their antivirus software up to date; they must also guarantee that their OS and browser are always up to current. The research carried out by Jones [15] claimed that clicking on spam messages or suspicious links could expose users to malware attacks. Once the user has clicked on a phishing link [16], the attacker will instantly acquire some basic data, such as users’ device statistics, approximate location, and whatever other information they may have voluntarily provided. Thus, all students must avoid opening spam emails and not click on suspicious links sent by the unknown sender to avoid experiencing malware attacks. Students also must be cautious of suspicious files and abstain from downloading them, especially from dubious sources [15]. It is a good practice for the student to check the SSL certificate of the website, such as ‘HTTPS’ and scan the file before downloading it. Another prevention to the malware attack that can be done is to set a proper firewall in the system and never execute untrustworthy programs on the device [17]. A firewall is an additional layer of protection that delivers more robust security to the devices and network. A firewall works as a barrier between the internet and the computer system, blocking unauthorized access or harmful content from entering the network. Furthermore, users should avoid running untrustworthy programs on their devices, as these may contain hidden malware that can compromise system security [17]. Instead, students should only download and run software from reputable sources and pay attention to warning signs, such as substantial file sizes or unexpected permissions requests. Regularly backing up essential data is another crucial step in protecting oneself against malware attacks. In a ransomware attack, having a recent backup of essential files can significantly reduce the attack’s impact and help users recover their data without paying the ransom. It is recommended that students use a combination of local and cloud-based backup solutions to ensure multiple copies of their data are always available. An awareness program targeting higher education students is crucial in equipping them with the knowledge to protect themselves from malware attacks. Students often use various digital platforms and devices for research, collaboration, and communication, making them vulnerable to cyber threats. By implementing an awareness program,  
   
  158  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  institutions can educate students on the latest malware strains, phishing techniques, and other cyber risks, empowering them to recognize and avoid potential dangers. Additionally, such programs can provide practical guidance on essential security measures, like using complex passwords, updating antivirus software, and enabling two-factor authentication. This education benefits the individual and promotes a culture of cybersecurity within the academic community, ultimately reducing the potential for large-scale attacks. Cybersecurity awareness programs equip higher education students with the knowledge and skills to thwart malware attacks, safeguard their data, and contribute to a more secure digital environment.  
   
  3 Methodology 3.1 Study Design The study design for the malware awareness program aimed at higher learning institution students involved a comprehensive, step-by-step approach to ensure its effectiveness. First, the target group of users within higher learning institutions was identified, focusing primarily on students as they frequently use digital platforms for academic purposes. Next, relevant content for the malware awareness program was identified, addressing the most pressing cyber threats and best practices to mitigate them. The program’s material was then designed to cater to the student’s needs and keep them engaged throughout the process. Finally, pre-test and post-test questions were prepared based on the material to evaluate the participants’ knowledge before and after attending the program. Subsequently, content validation was conducted for the pre-test and post-test questions and the materials, ensuring their accuracy and relevance. Planning for the schedule and protocol of the awareness program was the next step, considering the student’s availability and the optimal duration for effective learning. Next, a rehearsal was conducted to identify potential issues or improvement areas before the program. Participants were invited and recruited, ensuring a diverse and representative student population sample. Finally, the awareness program was conducted, engaging students in awareness activities, including a poster demonstration and discussions to increase their understanding of malware threats and prevention strategies. Following the program, the pre-test and post-test results were analyzed, along with the respondents’ open-ended feedback, to measure the program’s effectiveness and identify areas for improvement. A comprehensive report was prepared, summarizing the program’s outcomes and highlighting key findings from the analysis. Finally, a post-mortem was conducted on the awareness program, discussing the successes, challenges, and lessons learned to inform and enhance future iterations of the program. This study design ensures a robust and effective malware awareness program that equips higher education students with the essential knowledge and skills to protect themselves from cyber threats. 3.2 Materials The materials for the awareness program were carefully designed to effectively deliver crucial cybersecurity information to students, empowering them to protect themselves  
   
  Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education  
   
  159  
   
  from malware attacks. The primary educational material used was a visually engaging and easily digestible poster that captured students’ attention and concisely conveyed the essential information. The poster outlined ten key measures that students can implement to safeguard their devices and personal information from malware attacks as a valuable reference for students to consult and apply daily. In addition, digital tools such as Google Meet and Google Forms were employed to ensure the seamless delivery of the awareness program and facilitate student interaction. Google Meet provided a user-friendly platform for conducting the pilot test with students, enabling real-time collaboration and discussion on the material. Meanwhile, Google Forms offered a convenient method for collecting students’ feedback and evaluating their understanding of the malware protection measures outlined in the poster. Leveraging these digital tools not only enhanced the accessibility and interactivity of the awareness program but also allowed for greater flexibility in reaching students across different locations and schedules. Figure 1 demonstrates the poster.  
   
  Fig. 1. The poster as the main material used for the awareness program  
   
  The awareness program incorporated pre-test questions focusing on malware, consisting of ten multiple-choice items and four demographic queries. This pre-test evaluated respondents’ prior knowledge and understanding of malware-related topics while capturing essential demographic information. The same pre-test questionnaire was later repurposed as a post-test assessment following the educational session. This approach allowed for a direct comparison of respondents’ knowledge and understanding before and after exposure to the awareness program, effectively highlighting the impact and effectiveness of the educational content provided Table 1 lists the questions.  
   
  160  
   
  N. Katuk et al. Table 1. The pre-test and post-test questions  
   
  Num Questions  
   
  Answers  
   
  1)  
   
  Security attacks include  
   
  a) b) c) d)  
   
  Malware Antivirus Computer system Firewall  
   
  2)  
   
  A/An ____________ is a computer program that spreads by inserting copies of itself into other executable codes or documents  
   
  a) b) c) d)  
   
  Computer Virus Antivirus Computer system Firewall  
   
  3)  
   
  How is malware distributed?  
   
  a) Through spam email attachment that contains a suspicious link b) Download files or documents from unreliable resources c) Running source codes that cannot be trusted d) Installing licensed Adobe and Microsoft Office software on a personal computer  
   
  4)  
   
  One of the ways to avoid malware attacks is not to visit sites with a lot of clickbait  
   
  a) Yes b) No c) May be  
   
  5)  
   
  Installing and keep updating software on the computer helps to avoid malware attacks  
   
  a) Yes b) No c) May be  
   
  6)  
   
  Which of the following is not the prevention of malware attacks?  
   
  a) Clicking on links to suspicious websites in emails, messaging apps, or social network posts b) Install and update antivirus c) Avoid using open Wi-Fi network d) Avoid downloading files from unreliable resources  
   
  7)  
   
  What is an antivirus?  
   
  a) Computer software used to prevent, detect and remove malicious software b) Software used to duplicate viruses c) A bigger and more dangerous virus  
   
  8)  
   
  Worms can spread and harm independently a) True b) False (continued)  
   
  Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education  
   
  161  
   
  Table 1. (continued) Num Questions  
   
  Answers  
   
  9)  
   
  Malware is used to describe all types of a) Malicious and software bad software. Malware is a combination of b) Magnificient and software what two words? c) Normal and adware  
   
  10)  
   
  Downloading files from unreliable sources a) Yes can be exposed to malware attacks b) No c) May be  
   
  3.3 Respondents The awareness program was done on thirteen respondents, all of whom were students from Kedah Matriculation College in Malaysia with a background in accounting. These participants provided valuable insights into the effectiveness of the malware awareness program for a specific demographic of young learners. The age distribution among participants was relatively homogenous, with approximately 100 per cent of respondents falling within the 17 to 18 age range, which is typical for matriculation college students. Regarding gender representation, the group of respondents was relatively balanced. Female participants comprised 50 per cent of the respondent pool, while 40 per cent identified as male. The remaining respondents chose not to disclose their gender, respecting their individual preferences and maintaining an inclusive environment for all participants. This diverse representation of gender identities within the respondent group contributed to a richer understanding of the malware awareness program’s impact across different student perspectives. In addition, the participants’ composition has allowed for a comprehensive evaluation of the awareness program’s effectiveness in educating and empowering students to protect themselves against malware attacks. The findings from this diverse group of respondents will inform future iterations of the program, ensuring that it remains relevant, engaging, and accessible to all students within higher learning institutions. 3.4 Procedure The security awareness program, which emphasized the prevention of malware attacks, was thoughtfully designed and delivered to students utilizing the Google Meet platform. Its primary objective was to educate students on effective strategies to safeguard themselves against malware attacks, equipping them with the knowledge and tools to navigate the digital world securely. A facilitator led the session and was assisted by a technical support person. Before presenting the visually engaging poster as the core awareness material, students were asked to complete a pre-test questionnaire of ten questions— this preliminary assessment aimed to gauge their baseline understanding of malware attacks and prevention techniques. The pilot test questionnaires were distributed using the Google Form platform, with students allotted three to five minutes for completion. After finishing the pre-test questionnaire, the program distributed the informative poster outlining ten actionable measures to ward off malware attacks. The presentation took  
   
  162  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  approximately ten to twelve minutes, ensuring a concise and focused material delivery. Subsequently, a ‘Question and Answer’ (Q&A) session was conducted, fostering open dialogue and addressing students’ concerns or queries. Finally, post-test questionnaires containing identical questions to the pre-test were administered to the students after the Q&A session. The post-test evaluated the student’s knowledge and understanding of malware prevention strategies due to exposing them to the malware awareness material. They were also encouraged to provide open-ended comments on the awareness program. This valuable feedback would inform the program’s continual refinement and improvement for future iterations. Figure 2 illustrates the procedure for the malware awareness program.  
   
  Fig. 2. The procedure of the awareness program  
   
  4 Results and Discussions 4.1 Demographic Information An advertisement was distributed through Whatsapp for selected classes of the college. As a result, 20 students voluntarily joined the Whatsapp group. They answered the pretest questions, but only thirteen answered the post-test questions. The respondents are between the ages of 17 and 1. While for the gender of respondents, half of the respondents were female, 40%of respondents identified were male, and the rest preferred not to reveal their gender. Most respondents used the Android OS as their mobile OS, and only 40% used the iOS operating system. In addition, 70% of the respondents utilized Windows on their personal computers, and the rest used Linux OS, MacOS OS, and others. 4.2 The Effectiveness of the Malware Awareness Program The pre-test and post-test assessments of the malware awareness program demonstrated significant improvements in students’ knowledge of malware prevention strategies, as shown in Table 2. For example, a 13.6% improvement was observed with the 65% pretest score and 78.6% post-test score related to the student’s knowledge of the types of  
   
  Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education  
   
  163  
   
  security attacks. The result indicates that students better understood security attacks after participating in the program. In addition, a substantial improvement of 22.1% was observed, highlighting the increased awareness of how malware spreads among students. Regarding malware distribution methods, individual improvements for each answer choice were A: 8.6%, B: -1.4%, and C: 11.4%. The negative improvement for option B suggests that some misconceptions might persist. Finally, a 10.7% improvement was observed in avoiding risky online behavior, with the pre-test score at 75% and the post-test score at 85.7%. The result showcases the program’s effectiveness in teaching students how to evade malware attacks. When addressing the importance of software updates, a modest 4.3% improvement was observed, with the pre-test score at 60% and the post-test score at 64.3%. It indicates that students gained some further understanding of the role of software updates in preventing malware attacks. Further, a significant 45.7% improvement was observed in clarifying misconceptions around malware prevention techniques, with the pre-test score at 40% and the post-test score at 85.7%. Regarding antivirus software and its role in malware prevention, the program demonstrated a 7.9% improvement, with the pre-test score at 85% and the post-test score at 92.9%. A slight 1.4% improvement was observed in how worms operate, with the pre-test score at 70% and the post-test score at 71.4%. The result suggests that students already had a basic understanding of this aspect. A 5.7% improvement was also observed in the student knowledge about the term “malware”, with 80% pre-test and 85.7% post-test scores. It indicates that students gained a clearer understanding of the term. Lastly, in teaching students about the risks associated with downloading files from untrustworthy sources, a significant 25.7% improvement was observed, with the pre-test score at 60% and the post-test score at 85.7%. Table 2. The overall score for each of the pre-test and post-test questions Num  
   
  Questions  
   
  Pre-test (%)  
   
  Post-test (%)  
   
  % of improvement  
   
  1)  
   
  Security attacks include  
   
  65  
   
  78.6  
   
  13.6  
   
  2)  
   
  A/An ____________ is a 35 computer program that spreads by inserting copies of itself into other executable codes or documents  
   
  57.1  
   
  22.1  
   
  3)  
   
  How is malware distributed?  
   
  A - 78.6 B - 78.6 C - 71.4  
   
  A-8.6 B-(1.4) C-11.4  
   
  4)  
   
  One of the ways to avoid 75 malware attacks is not to visit sites that have a lot of clickbait  
   
  85.7  
   
  10.7  
   
  A - 70 B - 80 C - 60  
   
  (continued)  
   
  164  
   
  N. Katuk et al. Table 2. (continued)  
   
  Num  
   
  Questions  
   
  5)  
   
  Pre-test (%)  
   
  Post-test (%)  
   
  % of improvement  
   
  Installing and keep updating 60 software on the computer helps to avoid malware attacks  
   
  64.3  
   
  4.3  
   
  6)  
   
  Which of the following is not the prevention of malware attacks?  
   
  40  
   
  85.7  
   
  45.7  
   
  7)  
   
  What is an antivirus?  
   
  85  
   
  92.9  
   
  7.9  
   
  8)  
   
  Worms can spread and harm independently  
   
  70  
   
  71.4  
   
  1.4  
   
  9)  
   
  Malware is used to describe all 80 types of bad software. Malware is a combination of what two words?  
   
  85.7  
   
  5.7  
   
  10)  
   
  Downloading files from unreliable sources can be exposed to malware attacks  
   
  85.7  
   
  25.7  
   
  60  
   
  The malware awareness program demonstrated remarkable improvements in college students’ understanding of malware prevention strategies, as evidenced by the results of the pre-test and post-test assessments. A comparative analysis of the means and standard deviations revealed a significant increase in knowledge acquisition among the respondents. On average, the pre-test scores were 65%, with a standard deviation of 16.83, indicating a relatively diverse range of understanding among students before the program. In contrast, the post-test scores witnessed a substantial increase, with a mean of 78.57% and a standard deviation of 11.18, pointing towards a more uniform level of comprehension among participants. This improvement of 13.57% in the mean scores highlights the effectiveness of the malware awareness program in enhancing students’ knowledge and skills in malware prevention. Furthermore, the reduction in standard deviation by 5.65 further suggests that the program successfully narrowed the knowledge gap among respondents, fostering a more consistent understanding across the board. Table 3 lists the statistics. Table 3. The means and standard deviation of the pre-test and post-test questions Statistics  
   
  Pre-test (%)  
   
  Post-test (%)  
   
  Improvement  
   
  Means  
   
  65  
   
  78.57  
   
  13.57  
   
  Standard deviation  
   
  16.83  
   
  11.18  
   
  5.65  
   
  Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education  
   
  165  
   
  The results of the pre-test and post-test assessments of the malware awareness program provide valuable insights into the program’s effectiveness in enhancing knowledge of malware prevention strategies among higher learning institution students. The results show that the program has successfully improved students’ knowledge of various aspects of malware prevention. In addition, the improvements in the scores across the ten questions indicate that the program has effectively addressed misconceptions and enhanced knowledge in areas such as identifying security attacks, understanding malware-spreading mechanisms, and avoiding risky online behavior. The effectiveness of the malware awareness program can be measured by the significant improvements in the post-test scores compared to the pre-test scores. The results highlight the program’s success in achieving its objectives and providing students with the necessary knowledge and skills to protect themselves from malware attacks. The program’s success can also be attributed to its focus on delivery techniques, such as group discussions and presentations. These techniques have been proven effective in enhancing knowledge retention and promoting active learning [18]. Overall, the results of the pre-test and post-test assessments demonstrate the effectiveness of the malware awareness program in improving college students’ knowledge of malware prevention strategies. Again, the program’s success can be attributed to its engaging delivery techniques, which have enhanced knowledge retention and promoted active learning. In conclusion, the malware awareness program has enriched college students’ ability to recognize and combat malware threats. Furthermore, by addressing the students’ diverse levels of understanding, the program has successfully cultivated a more secure and informed digital environment for its participants.  
   
  5 Conclusion In conclusion, the malware awareness program has successfully improved college students’ understanding of malware prevention strategies. The significant improvements in the post-test scores compared to the pre-test scores highlight the program’s efficacy in addressing misconceptions and enhancing knowledge in various aspects of malware prevention. The results also emphasize the importance of engaging delivery techniques, such as group discussions, case studies, and interactive presentations, which have been proven effective in enhancing knowledge retention and promoting active learning. However, while the malware awareness program has achieved notable success, there is room for future improvements to ensure that students are well-equipped to protect themselves from the ever-evolving landscape of cyber threats. One area of potential future work could be the development of more advanced and adaptive learning modules that consider the students’ existing knowledge and tailor the content accordingly. It would provide a more personalized learning experience and could help improve students’ understanding of malware prevention strategies. Additionally, hands-on activities, such as simulated malware attacks or practical exercises in identifying and mitigating security vulnerabilities [19], could further enhance students’ skills and reinforce the knowledge gained from the program. It may also be beneficial to explore integrating the malware awareness program into the core curriculum of college courses, ensuring that all students have access to this essential knowledge  
   
  166  
   
  N. Katuk et al.  
   
  as part of their education. Lastly, continuous evaluation and updating of the program’s content are crucial to ensure that it remains relevant and effective in addressing the latest trends and developments in the field of cybersecurity [20]. By building upon the successes of the current malware awareness program and implementing these suggested improvements, future iterations of the program can continue to educate and empower college students to protect themselves against malware threats effectively. It, in turn, will contribute to a more secure digital environment and a greater understanding of the importance of cybersecurity in today’s interconnected world. Acknowledgements. The authors thank the School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, for funding this study.  
   
  References 1. Matyokurehwa, K., Rudhumbu, N., Gombiro, C., Mlambo, C.: Cybersecurity awareness in Zimbabwean universities: perspectives from the students. Secur. Privacy 4(2), e141 (2021) 2. Raju, R., Abd Rahman, N.H., Ahmad, A.: Cyber security awareness in using digital platforms among students in a higher learning institution. Asian J. Univ. Educ. 18(3), 756–766 (2022) 3. Omar, N.S., Foozy, C.F.M., Hamid, I.R.A., Hafit, H., Arbain, A.F., Shamala, P.: Malware awareness tool for internet safety using gamification techniques. Journal of Physics: Conference Series, p. 012023. IOP Publishing (2021) 4. Hunt, T.: Cyber Security Awareness in Higher Education. Central Washington University (2016) 5. Ulven, J.B., Wangen, G.: A systematic review of cybersecurity risks in higher education. Future Internet 13(2), 39 (2021) 6. Rezgui, Y., Marks, A.: Information security awareness in higher education: an exploratory study. Comput. Secur.. Secur. 27(7–8), 241–253 (2008) 7. Fouad, N.S.: Securing higher education against cyberthreats: from an institutional risk to a national policy challenge. J. Cyber Policy 6(2), 137–154 (2021) 8. Khader, M., Karam, M., Fares, H.: Cybersecurity awareness framework for academia. Information 12(10), 417 (2021) 9. Sadaghiani-Tabrizi, A.: Revisiting cybersecurity awareness in the midst of disruptions. Int. J. Bus. Educ. 163(1), 6 (2023) 10. Bhatnagar, N., Pry, M.: Student attitudes, awareness, and perceptions of personal privacy and cybersecurity in the use of social media: an initial study. Inf. Syst. Educ. J. 18(1), 48–58 (2020) 11. Saeed, I.A., Selamat, A., Abuagoub, A.M.: A survey on malware and malware detection systems. Int. J. Comput. Appl. 67(16) (2013) 12. Cisco. https://www.cisco.com/site/us/en/products/security/what-is-malware.html 13. Noorbehbahani, F., Taghiyar, A., Rezvani, A.: RSAM: a questionnaire for ransomware security awareness measurement. J. Comput. Secur.Comput. Secur. 10(1), 1–15 (2023) 14. Tiu, Y.L., Zolkipli, M.F.: Study on prevention and solution of ransomware attack. J. IT Asia 9(1), 133–139 (2021) 15. Warren Averett CPAs & Advisors. https://warrenaverett.com/insights/what-happens-if-youclick-on-a-phishing-link/ 16. Manoharan, S., Katuk, N., Hassan, S., Ahmad, R.: To click or not to click the link: the factors influencing internet banking users’ intention in responding to phishing emails. Inf. Comput. Secur. 30(1), 37–62 (2022)  
   
  Fostering Cyber-Resilience in Higher Education  
   
  167  
   
  17. MakeUseOf. https://www.makeuseof.com/safely-run-suspicious-programs-applications-win dows/ 18. Wang, R., Ryu, H., Katuk, N.: Assessment of students’ cognitive-affective states in learning within a computer-based environment: effects on performance. J. Inf. Commun. Technol. 14(1), 153–176 (2015) 19. Angafor, G.N., Yevseyeva, I., Maglaras, L.: Scenario-based incident response training: lessons learnt from conducting an experiential learning virtual incident response tabletop exercise. Information & Computer Security, (Inprint) (2023) 20. Afenyo, M., Caesar, L.D.: Maritime cybersecurity threats: gaps and directions for future research. Ocean Coast. Manag.Manag. 236(April), 106493 (2023)  
   
  Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision in Intelligent Tutoring Systems Nur Hafiza Jamaludin1  
   
  and Rohaida Romli2(B)  
   
  1 School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, UUM Sintok, 06010 Kedah, Malaysia 2 Data Management & Software Solution, Research Laboratory, School of Computing,  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia, UUM Sintok, 06010 Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. The effectiveness of feedback provision in an Intelligent Tutoring System (ITS) is a crucial aspect to be considered when developing a tutoring system. The system is proven beneficial if it can act like a one-to-one human tutor, which provides feedback based on student learning aptitude and performance. Many researchers have developed ITSs with the intention of assisting students in teaching programming concepts, algorithms, and writing computer programs. However, there have been very few studies that have focused on reviewing these works. The studies are merely concerned with reviewing the characteristic, application, evaluation, and supplementary features of ITSs across different educational fields from 2007 until 2017. As a result, a comparative evaluation was conducted with the goal of analyzing the feedback provided by existing works in ITSs as well as the techniques used to develop a student model. The results of this study have indicated that Constraint-Based modeling, Model Tracing, Natural Language processing, and Deep Learning with delayed feedback are the most appropriate feedback for students learning to code. Bayesian Network is the most commonly used technique by researchers with immediate and delayed feedback to help students learn programming concepts and algorithms better. Keywords: Intelligent Tutoring System (ITS) · Feedback and Hints provision · Modeling Technique  
   
  1 Background Computer programming is not easy to learn or master [6, 30]. This circumstance resulted in low student achievement in computer programming courses, and many beginners struggled to learn programming and develop the necessary problem-solving skills near the end of the learning process [25]. Therefore, many educators pay great attention to cultivating students’ programming abilities by creating beneficial tools to support learning programming, setting up many courses related to programming [49], and also researching effective strategies for learning and teaching programming. Many researchers have verified Intelligent Tutoring System (ITS) effectiveness for sustainable students and teachers in teaching and learning programming [44, 51]. It could complement conventional classroom teaching, efficiently supporting the learning process, making the learning practice © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 168–179, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_13  
   
  Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision  
   
  169  
   
  very pleasing, cultivating distance learning, and prolonging the learning process, and allowing learners to learn personally at their own pace, anytime and anywhere, based on their own progress [2]. However, learning and teaching without appropriate feedback is insufficient to enhance students’ skills in programming. The effectiveness of feedback provision in ITSs is a crucial aspect to consider when developing a tutoring system. The system’s capabilities depend not only heavily on its architecture; however, the timing and style of the system’s feedback significantly impact its effectiveness. The feedback is also considered effective if it is error-specific and supports students’ needs based on their abilities and knowledge gaps [39]. The system is proven beneficial if it can act like a one-to-one human tutor, which provides feedback based on student learning aptitude and performance [9, 46]. The results indicate that private tutors help 98% of students in the learning process, and average student achievement was higher than two standard deviations from the conventional approach [9]. Although Intelligent Tutoring Systems can support students learning programming with the biggest advantage of teaching students according to their ability, providing personalized guidance for different students, and improving students’ independent learning ability and learning efficiency, the system seems appropriate for experienced students [49]. This shows that the requirement to make improvements in providing personalized feedback is still demanding to help novice users learn programming. Also, Perikos et al. [39] have highlighted the importance of modeling techniques to generate effective and efficient feedback generation and hints to support students learning since they are able to model students’ metacognitive learning behavior. Thus far, only two studies [14, 36] have focused on reviewing existing ITS studies. The review in these studies was only concerned with the characteristics, application, evaluation, and supplementary features of ITSs in various educational fields from 2007 to 2017. Thus, to provide a more comprehensive review of recent works, a comparative evaluation was conducted to analyze the feedback provided by existing works in ITS and the techniques used to develop a student model. Its findings will furnish suggestions on the appropriate techniques to be used in developing a student model for an ITS. The remaining content of this paper is structured as follows: Sect. 2 discusses the related work; Sect. 3 highlights the detailed discussion of the methodology; Sect. 4 portrays the analysis and result of comparative evaluation; and Sect. 5 concludes this paper and provides suggestions for future research direction.  
   
  2 Related Work Abu-Naser [2] demonstrated in his research that tutors outperform teachers in this regard because they can provide students with more immediate feedback than most teachers. Furthermore, Wang et al. [47] stated that ITS is an important tool for developing problemsolving skills as the feedback provided is critical in the problem-solving process. Sullins [42] has proposed AutoTutor LITE with LCC functions that improve the student model with the capability to provide appropriate feedback like an experienced human tutor. In addition, Black and William [8] clarified that feedback can be useful for enhancing student learning when used appropriately. According to the research carried out by Ivelisse [45], system guidance combined with supportive and appropriate feedback provided during the learning process makes  
   
  170  
   
  N. H. Jamaludin and R. Romli  
   
  learning tools significantly better than others. Gutierrez and Atkinson [24] demonstrated that negative feedback can be used to correct students’ misconceptions about programming so that they do not repeat the same mistake. According to Al-Rekhawi’s [4] research, the Andes system could provide immediate hints and comments when students encountered difficulties with the questions. Students can guess and get correct answers even when they do not fully understand the concept. Many researchers, however, agree that improvements are needed to manage more complex dialogues [1]. Graesser et al. [22] have discussed three levels of providing feedback in AutoTutor (to simulate the dialogue patterns of typical human tutors): backchannel feedback, evaluative pedagogical feedback, and corrective feedback. Providing students with informative error feedback rather than telling them their misconceptions is considerably more beneficial [5]. KERMIT, as an ITS database, has discussed six levels of providing personalized feedback, which are “Correct,” “Error flag,” “Hint,” “Detailed Hint,” “All errors,” and “Solution”. Sadler [40] said that researchers are interested in the effect of different feedback characteristics such as immediacy, pertinence, data form, and encouragement on the retention of learned information. This emphasis, which came from behaviorist stimulus-response models of learning, is today seen as being overly limited. The student model is a critical part to consider when designing, especially when providing feedback to students. Mitrovic et al. [34] said that a student model that adequately assesses a student’s knowledge is a challenging part to be created in ITS since it requires the technique of obtaining relevant data to determine a student’s knowledge level and requires modifying its actions in accordance with their requirements and skills. Currently, typical online judgement is considered simple with limited function to provide appropriate feedback tailored to the learners’ abilities. Wang et al. [49] said that an online judgment would be more educationally beneficial to beginners if it can be more intelligent if it has features such as classifying the answer codes of the problem and visualizing them, providing corresponding hints or repair methods for program errors, and tracking students’ mastery of various knowledge points. Hooshyar et al. [26] have developed a novel flowchartbased Intelligent Tutoring system (FITS) that adapted a multi-agent system text-toflowchart conversion approach and Bayesian Network to justify the level of students’ knowledge and provide adaptive guidance to improve problem-solving skills through the interactive menu, prerequisite recommendations, and flowchart development. The most crucial component of the system’s assistance is providing the correct answer when the students deal with the exercises. In addition, when students receive appropriate feedback, their knowledge and performance can be significantly improved [50]. According to Bryfczynski [10], the clustering technique can detect potential students who are at risk. He also discussed clearly how to cluster the students into different groups by using colors based on the number and types of mistakes they have made. Wang et al. [49] suggest that deep learning and natural language processing can be used as a future method to improve the function of repairing the error in order to provide personalized feedback to the students. Mohamed et al. [35] have developed an Intelligent Tutoring System with a Reporting Module that plays a specific function, such as providing feedback that assists the instructor in changing or adapting to and fitting different student learning styles. He also used the Bayesian Network to cluster the students’ understanding while learning.  
   
  Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision  
   
  171  
   
  Lin et al. [32], in their research exploring the effects of simple feedback and elaborate feedback, discovered that students who were given simple feedback performed lower than those given elaborate feedback. The research by Grivokostopoulou et al. [23] in teaching FOL equivalence has developed feedback based on feedback classification and combination by offering the feedback into five types, which are minimal feedback, error-specific feedback, procedural feedback, bottom-out hints, and knowledge on metacognition Abu-Naser [1] has mentioned in his research that the timing and style of the system’s feedback significantly impact its effectiveness. Timing describes the moment at which students receive an answer to the solution. What the students should be regulated by is their feedback. The system should postpone input for lower-level concepts and provide rapid feedback for higher-level concepts that the students are striving to acquire. Fwa [19] has developed a system that dispenses hints that explain the bugs or errors that the learner is stuck with if requested by learners and also contains functions like the button ‘Submit,’ ‘Check Answer,’ and an output window for the compilation output or errors and is marked as completed if the correct output is obtained. The study by Grawemeyer et al. [21] presents findings from an experiment that compared feedback based solely on performance (non-affect condition) with input that was affect-aware (affect condition). Results indicate that students in the emotional condition learned more than those in the non-affect condition. Black and William [8] said that task selection and the potential types of feedback a task can produce necessitate a cognitive theory that can shed light on how learners’ comprehension and interactions with assessment tasks relate to each other and can be envisioned and understood. Assessment and feedback are also important features of mastery learning programs. Shute [41] has discovered three important components of formative feedback: the reason the feedback is required, the chance that the learner can take advantage of the feedback, and the ability and willingness to use the feedback given.  
   
  3 Methodology A comparative evaluation proposed by Vartiainen [47] was chosen as the method for analyzing and comparing previous works in ITS. The comparison focuses primarily on the feedback provided in ITSs and the techniques used to develop a student model. The processes involved in the comparative evaluation are depicted in Fig. 1. a) A Theoretical Study A theoretical study helps discover concepts, definitions, and existing theories used for a certain study. The method used for this phase is a literature survey that covers the topics related to ITS, particularly in the Computer Science domain and is focused on the feedback and hints with related modeling techniques. Through the existing work, it discovers the appropriate way of providing feedback and hints, as well as the techniques used for student models. The outcome of this theoretical study is the technique used in designing student model and providing personalized feedback and hints in an ITS.  
   
  172  
   
  N. H. Jamaludin and R. Romli  
   
  The level of comparison  
   
  Theoretical Study  
   
  Selection of the objects for evaluation  
   
  Comparative Evaluation  
   
  Conceptual Comprehension  
   
  Conclusion and Suggestion  
   
  Analysis of the findings  
   
  Fig. 1. Comparative evaluation process [47]  
   
  b) Comparative Evaluation Four main activities that comprise the comparative evaluation phases are discussed below: i. Selection of the object for evaluation: In this process, the selection of the object for evaluation was based on retrieving related articles from Google Scholar and IEEE databases. All articles were obtained using search strings related to feedback and hints, intelligent tutoring systems, and computer science, “feedback” AND “intelligent tutoring system”, “feedback” AND “intelligent tutoring system” AND “computer science”, “feedback and hints” AND “intelligent tutoring system”, “feedback and hints” AND “intelligent tutoring system” AND “computer science”. Only the articles that met the inclusion and exclusion criteria were reviewed and underwent the comparative evaluation process. The inclusion criteria involved articles related to ITS that provide feedback and hints, discuss modeling techniques, and being cited more than three times in related articles. The exclusion criteria were based on articles that are not related to ITS and are not in the domain of Computer Science or similar discipline articles. ii. Determine the level of comparison: In this phase, the level of comparison can be determined based on internal aspects, different systems, and also in terms of similarity and/or dissimilarity. The comparison is done among the components of the comparison. The evaluation involved related studies ranging from the year 1990 to 2022 that covered the name of ITSs with respective domains, year involved, feedback and hints, modeling technique adapted, and learner characteristic deliverables. iii. Conceptual comprehension: This phase is concerned with analyzing and identifying the most effective methods of providing feedback and hints in ITSs, as well as the most practical techniques for modeling the student model. iv. Analysis of the findings of an evaluation: Through this phase, the comparative evaluation makes it possible for the analysis and evaluation to determine the most effective  
   
  Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision  
   
  173  
   
  way to enhance the function of feedback and hints can be given in the system and the most practical techniques to be adapted in modeling the student model. c) Conclusion and suggestion This section involves reporting the findings obtained from the comparative evaluation conducted in this study. The aim of the study is considered achieved after completing all the phases involved in the comparative evaluation.  
   
  4 Analysis and Result of Comparative Evaluation ITSs have been developed widely in all domains. Table 1 shows the comparative analysis of different Intelligent Tutoring Systems that have been developed in chronological order from 1990 until 2022, with the domain, name of related ITS, feedback and hints provided in the system, modeling technique used for the student model, and also advantages delivered by the system. Table 1. Comparative analysis of different ITSs Year  
   
  Name of ITS Domain  
   
  Feedback and Hints  
   
  Modeling Technique  
   
  Learner Characteristics  
   
  1990  
   
  PROUST [29]  
   
  Pascal  
   
  Delayed feedback  
   
  Model-Tracing and Constraint-Based Modelling  
   
  NA  
   
  1995  
   
  The LISP Tutor [5]  
   
  Lisp  
   
  Immediate feedback  
   
  Model-Tracing  
   
  NA  
   
  1998  
   
  J-LATTE [38]  
   
  SQL  
   
  Delayed feedback  
   
  Constraint-Based Modelling  
   
  NA  
   
  2002  
   
  SQL-Tutor [34]  
   
  SQL  
   
  Immediate Constraint-based and Delayed Modelling feedback  
   
  Learners’ performance and knowledge  
   
  2005  
   
  OOPS [20]  
   
  OOP  
   
  NA  
   
  Constraint-Based Modelling  
   
  Learners’ knowledge and learning methods  
   
  JITS [43]  
   
  Java  
   
  Immediate feedback  
   
  Model-Tracing  
   
  NA  
   
  BITS [11]  
   
  C/C++  
   
  No feedback Bayesian  
   
  2008  
   
  Programming topics (continued)  
   
  174  
   
  N. H. Jamaludin and R. Romli Table 1. (continued)  
   
  Year  
   
  Name of ITS Domain  
   
  Feedback and Hints  
   
  Modeling Technique  
   
  Learner Characteristics  
   
  2009  
   
  iList [17]  
   
  Linked list  
   
  Immediate Procedural Learners’ and Delayed Knowledge Model knowledge feedback  
   
  DEPTHS [28]  
   
  Software Design Real-time Patterns and on-demand statistical feedback  
   
  Condition-action rule-Based reasoning  
   
  Learners’ performance, knowledge, and cognitive capacity  
   
  2010  
   
  JavaGuide [27]  
   
  Java  
   
  Delayed feedback  
   
  NA  
   
  Programming questions  
   
  2012  
   
  BeSocratic [9]  
   
  CS  
   
  Further feedback  
   
  Condition-action Learners’ rule-Based performance and reasoning and data behaviour mining techniques  
   
  2013  
   
  The PHP ITS PHP [53]  
   
  Multi-level hints  
   
  Model-Tracing and Constraint-Based Modelling  
   
  Exercises  
   
  FOL equivalence system [23]  
   
  AI  
   
  Delayed feedback  
   
  Natural Language Processing  
   
  Learners’ knowledge level  
   
  2014  
   
  BEETLE II [16]  
   
  Physics  
   
  Delayed feedback  
   
  Natural Language Processing and Condition-Action Rule-Based Reasoning  
   
  Students’ responses to lecture questions  
   
  2015  
   
  FITS [26]  
   
  C++  
   
  Immediate feedback  
   
  Intelligent multi-agent, Bayesian, and Natural Language Processing  
   
  Learners’ knowledge and feedback  
   
  iTutor [48]  
   
  Basic computer skills  
   
  Immediate feedback  
   
  Intelligent multi-agent  
   
  Learners’ performance, knowledge, and responses to learning activities (continued)  
   
  Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision  
   
  175  
   
  Table 1. (continued) Year  
   
  Name of ITS Domain  
   
  Feedback and Hints  
   
  Modeling Technique  
   
  Learner Characteristics  
   
  Java Sensei [7]  
   
  Java  
   
  NA  
   
  Neural Networks, Fuzzy Logic  
   
  Learners’ cognitive and emotional capacity  
   
  2016  
   
  iTalk2Learn [21]  
   
  Math  
   
  Immediate Bayesian and Delayed feedback  
   
  Learners’ affected states  
   
  2017  
   
  PLTutor [35] Java  
   
  NA  
   
  Rule Base  
   
  NA  
   
  2018  
   
  CNC-Tutor [31]  
   
  CNC Programming  
   
  Delayed feedback (Hints Button)  
   
  CNC interpreter  
   
  Learners’ learning styles  
   
  2020  
   
  Novel ITS [49]  
   
  C and Phyton  
   
  Delayed feedback (Hints and Repair Button)  
   
  Improved CLARA Code engine and KT Classification, error repair, and knowledge tracing  
   
  2022  
   
  CQACD [52] Computer Basics Immediate feedback  
   
  Mixed-initiative and Natural Language Processing  
   
  Learners’ knowledge  
   
  Intelligent Tutoring Systems have become very popular in teaching across many domains, including Computer Science subjects. Some related ITS discussed in the table above have been developed in teaching programming domains such as PROUST, The LISP Tutor, J-LATTE, OOPS, JITS, BITS, iList, JavaGuide, BeSocratic, The PHP ITS, FITS, Java Sensei, PL Tutor, and Novel ITS. The researcher critically considered the way feedback is given to the student since it helps the student learn better. There are varieties of techniques adapted in an effort to provide personalized feedback, either through immediate feedback or delayed feedback, provided hints or repair buttons, and one-way or two-way conversation. The feedback given has a significant relationship with the student model. The technique used is crucial to determining the appropriate feedback given to the student. Mitrovic et al. [33] said that a student model that adequately assesses a student’s knowledge is a challenging part to be created in ITS since it requires the technique of obtaining relevant data to determine a student’s knowledge level and requires modifying its actions in accordance with their requirements and skills. The previous study shows that clustering techniques in data mining were beneficial in recognizing low-achieving students. Bryfczynski [10] has stated in his thesis that the clustering technique is capable of recognizing potential students who are at risk. He also discussed clearly how to cluster the  
   
  176  
   
  N. H. Jamaludin and R. Romli  
   
  students into different groups by using colors based on the number and types of mistakes they have made. Some of the most commonly used clustering techniques by researchers include Bayesian Networks, Neural Networks, and Knowledge Tracing techniques such as the hidden Markov method. Those techniques are also proven to be successful in developing the student model and helping the researcher generate appropriate feedback to help students learn better. Some researchers are concerned with two-way conversation because they believe it can help students participate actively during the learning process. BEETLE II [16], FOL equivalence systems [23], and the CQACD system [52] are examples of Intelligent Tutoring Systems that provide two-way conversation using a dialogue box and take advantage of Natural Language Processing (NLP). FITS [26] has also used the upgraded version of NLP as an agent for providing feedback. Additionally, Java Sensei [6] has successfully implemented Neural Networks and Fuzzy Logic techniques in research on providing feedback based on students’ states and emotions. Johnson [29] has implemented Model Tracing and Constraint-Based modeling in his Intelligent Tutoring System. The PROUST [29] has successfully helped the students write code by helping them repair bugs in the program. Other Intelligent Tutoring systems, such as J-LATTE [38] and iList [17], also take advantage of Constraint-Based modeling since it can help students while coding. Research by Wang et al. [48] suggests that deep learning and natural language processing can be used in future research to improve the function of repairing errors in order to provide personalized feedback to students.  
   
  5 Conclusion In our study, a comparative evaluation was carried out to analyze and compare existing works in ITS, specifically to gauge how feedback was provided to students and the technique used in modeling the student model. Table 1 has depicted the feedback and hints and the techniques used in various ITSs to support various purposes of student learning. ITSs in the programming domain were created with the goal of assisting in the teaching of programming concepts and algorithms, such as using pseudocode and flowcharts, as well as providing proper guidance for students to write code correctly. The results of the comparative evaluation point to the use of Constraint-Based modeling, Model Tracing, Natural Language Processing, and Deep Learning as student model techniques. While delayed feedback is the most appropriate feedback for helping students learn to code, previous research on The LISP Tutor [5] indicates that instant feedback is also beneficial. However, the feedback message may distract the students, causing them to miss out on the experience of a real programmer. On the other hand, ITS in Computer Science education are primarily designed to assist students in learning programming concepts and algorithms such as pseudocode and flowcharts. Clustering techniques such as Bayesian networks are frequently recommended for these ITS. Many researchers have used this technique, which has been shown to help students by providing appropriate feedback. In ITS, both immediate and delayed feedback can be used to help students learn more effectively.  
   
  Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision  
   
  177  
   
  In conclusion, it is imperative to provide feedback that is customized to the individual student’s abilities. When developing an effective Intelligent Tutoring System (ITS), it is crucial to consider the student model and feedback technique. Acknowledgment. The authors would like to thank the School of Computing (SOC), Universiti Utara Malaysia (UUM) for funding the publication fee of this article.  
   
  References 1. Abu-Naser, S.S.: An agent based intelligent tutoring system for parameter passing in Java programming (2008) 2. Abu-Naser, S.S.: Developing an intelligent tutoring system for students learning to program in C++ (2008) 3. Abu-Naser, S.S.: Predicting learners performance using artificial neural networks in linear programming intelligent tutoring system (2012) 4. Al Rekhawi, H.A.: Android applications development intelligent tutoring system (2020) 5. Anderson, J.R., Corbett, A.T., Koedinger, K.R., Pelletier, R.: Cognitive tutors: lessons learned. J. Learn. Sci. 4(2), 167–207 (1995) 6. Barrón-Estrada, M.L., Zatarain-Cabada, R., Oramas-Bustillos, R., Alor-Hernández, G.: How an affective learning environment for learning java impacts the student’s learning results. In: 2016 IEEE 16th International Conference on Advanced Learning Technologies (ICALT), pp. 363–365. IEEE (2016) 7. Barrón-Estrada, M.L., Zatarain-Cabada, R., Hernández, F.G., Bustillos, R.O., Reyes-García, C.A.: An affective and cognitive tutoring system for learning programming. In: Advances in Artificial Intelligence and Its Applications: 14th Mexican International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, MICAI 2015, Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico, October 25–31, 2015, Proceedings, Part II 14, pp. 171–182. Springer, Cham (2015). Doi: https://doi.org/10.1007/ 978-3-319-27101-9_12 8. Black, P., Wiliam, D.: Assessment and classroom learning. Assessment in Education: Principles, Policy & Practice 5(1), 7–74 (1998) 9. Bloom, B.S.: The 2 sigma problem: the search for methods of group instruction as effective as one-to-one tutoring. Educ. Res. 13(6), 4–16 (1984) 10. Bryfczynski, S.P.: BeSocratic: An intelligent tutoring system for the recognition, evaluation, and analysis of free-form student input (Doctoral dissertation, Clemson University) (2012) 11. Butz, C.J., Hua, S., Maguire, R.B.: A web-based bayesian intelligent tutoring system for computer programming. Web Intell. Agent Syst.Int. J. 4(1), 77–97 (2006) 12. Cooper, S., Nam, Y.J., Si, L.: Initial results of using an intelligent tutoring system with Alice. In: Proceedings of the 17th ACM Annual Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education, pp. 138–143 (2012) 13. Costello, R.: Adaptive intelligent personalised learning (aipl) environment (U621351 Ph.D.), University of Hull (United Kingdom), Ann Arbor. https://search.proquest.com/docview/165 4740829?accountid=41304 ProQuest Dissertations & Theses A&I; ProQuest Dissertations & Theses Global database (2012) 14. Crow, T., Luxton-Reilly, A., Wuensche, B.: Intelligent tutoring systems for programming education: a systematic review. In: Proceedings of the 20th Australasian Computing Education Conference, pp. 53–62 (2018) 15. Danial, H.: A flowchart-based intelligent tutoring system model to improve students’ problemsolving skills/Danial Hooshyar (Doctoral dissertation, University of Malaya) (2016)  
   
  178  
   
  N. H. Jamaludin and R. Romli  
   
  16. Dzikovska, M., Steinhauser, N., Farrow, E., Moore, J., Campbell, G.: BEETLE II: deep natural language understanding and automatic feedback generation for intelligent tutoring in basic electricity and electronics. Int. J. Artif. Intell. Educ.Artif. Intell. Educ. 24, 284–332 (2014) 17. Elmasri, R., Navathe, S.: Foundations of Database Systems (1994) 18. Fossati, D., Di Eugenio, B., Brown, C., Ohlsson, S.: Learning linked lists: experiments with the iList system. In: Intelligent Tutoring Systems: 9th International Conference, ITS 2008, Montreal, Canada, June 23–27, 2008 Proceedings 9, pp. 80–89. Springer, Heidelberg (2008). Doi: https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-69132-7_13 19. Fwa, H.L.: Predicting non-completion of programming exercises using action logs and keystrokes. In: 2019 International Symposium on Educational Technology (ISET), pp. 271– 275. IEEE (2019) 20. Gálvez, J., Guzmán, E., Conejo, R.: A blended E-learning experience in a course of object oriented programming fundamentals. Knowl.-Based Syst..-Based Syst. 22(4), 279–286 (2009). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.knosys.2009.01.004 21. Grawemeyer, B., Mavrikis, M., Holmes, W., Gutierrez-Santos, S., Wiedmann, M., Rummel, N.: Affecting off-task behaviour: how affect-aware feedback can improve student learning. In: Proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Learning Analytics & Knowledge, pp. 104–113 (2016) 22. Graesser, A.C., VanLehn, K., Rosé, C.P., Jordan, P.W., Harter, D.: Intelligent tutoring systems with conversational dialogue. AI Mag. 22(4), 39 (2001) 23. Grivokostopoulou, F., Perikos, I., & Hatzilygeroudis, I.: An intelligent tutoring system for teaching FOL equivalence. In: The First Workshop on AI-supported Education for Computer Science (AIEDCS 2013), vol. 20 (2013) 24. Gutierrez, F., Atkinson, J.: Adaptive feedback selection for intelligent tutoring systems. Expert Syst. Appl. 38(5), 6146–6152 (2011) 25. Fwa, H.L.: Predicting non-completion of programming exercises using action logs and keystrokes. In: 2019 International Symposium on Educational Technology (ISET), Hradec Kralove, Czech Republic, pp. 271–275 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1109/ISET.2019.00064 26. Hooshyar, D., Ahmad, R.B., Yousefi, M., Yusop, F.D., Horng, S.J.: A flowchart-based intelligent tutoring system for improving problem-solving skills of novice programmers. J. Comput. Assist. Learn.Comput. Assist. Learn. 31(4), 345–361 (2015) 27. Hsiao, I.H., Sosnovsky, S., Brusilovsky, P.: Guiding students to the right questions: adaptive navigation support in an E-Learning system for Java programming. J. Comput. Assist. Learn.Comput. Assist. Learn. 26(4), 270–283 (2010) 28. Jeremic, Z., Jovanovic, J., Gasevic, D.: Evaluating an intelligent tutoring system for design patterns: the DEPTHS experience. J. Educ. Technol. Soc. 12(2), 111 (2009) 29. Johnson, W.L.: Understanding and debugging novice programs. Artif. Intell.. Intell. 42(1), 51–97 (1990) 30. Lopez-Pernas, S., Gordillo, A., Barra, E., Quemada, J.: Examining the use of an educational escape room for teaching programming in a higher education setting. IEEE Access 7, 31723– 31737 (2019) 31. Li, Q., Hsieh, S.J.: An intelligent tutoring system for computer numerical control programming. Int. J. Eng. Educ. 35, 252–261 (2018) 32. Lin, L., Atkinson, R.K., Christopherson, R.M., Joseph, S.S., Harrison, C.J.: Animated agents and learning: does the type of verbal feedback they provide matter? Comput. Educ.. Educ. 67, 239–249 (2013) 33. Mitrovic, A., Mayo, M., Suraweera, P., Martin, B.: Constraint-based tutors: a success story. In: Engineering of Intelligent Systems: 14th International Conference on Industrial and Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence and Expert Systems, IEA/AIE 2001 Budapest, Hungary, June 4–7, 2001 Proceedings 14, pp. 931–940. Springer, Heidelberg (2001). Doi: https://doi.org/10.1007/3-540-45517-5_103  
   
  Analysis of the Effectiveness of Feedback Provision  
   
  179  
   
  34. Mitrovic, A., Martin, B., Mayo, M.: Using evaluation to shape ITS design: results and experiences with SQL-Tutor. User Model. User-Adap. Inter.Adap. Inter. 12, 243–279 (2002) 35. Mohamed, I.N., Aljahdali, S., Idhris, S.M.: Intelligent tutoring systems—an advanced understanding of the programming concepts. In: 2013 IEEE International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Computing Research, pp. 1–4. IEEE (2013) 36. Mousavinasab, E., Zarifsanaiey, N., R. Niakan Kalhori, S., Rakhshan, M., Keikha, L., Ghazi Saeedi, M.: Intelligent tutoring systems: a systematic review of characteristics, applications, and evaluation methods. Interact. Learn. Environ. 29(1), 142–163 (2021) 37. Nelson, G. L., Xie, B., & Ko, A. J.: Comprehension first: evaluating a novel pedagogy and tutoring system for program tracing in CS1. In: Proceedings of the 2017 ACM Conference on International Computing Education Research, pp. 2–11 (2017) 38. Ohlsson, S.: Constraint-based student modelling. J. Interact. Learn. Res. 3(4), 429 (1992) 39. Perikos, I., Grivokostopoulou, F., Hatzilygeroudis, I.: Assistance and feedback mechanism in an intelligent tutoring system for teaching conversion of natural language into logic. Int. J. Artif. Intell. Educ.Artif. Intell. Educ. 27, 475–514 (2017) 40. Sadler, D.R.: Beyond feedback: Developing student capability in complex appraisal. Assess. Eval. High. Educ. 35(5), 535–550 (2010) 41. Shute, V.J.: Focus on formative feedback. Rev. Educ. Res. 78(1), 153–189 (2008) 42. Sullins, J., Craig, S.D., Hu, X.: Exploring the effectiveness of a novel feedback mechanism within an intelligent tutoring system. Int. J. Learn. Technol. 10(3), 220–236 (2015) 43. Sykes, E. R., & Franek, F.: A prototype for an intelligent tutoring system for students learning to program in Java (TM). In: Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Computers and Advanced Technology in Education, pp. 78–83 (2003) 44. Thinakaran, R., Chuprat, S.: Students’ characteristics of student model in intelligent programming tutor for learning programming: a systematic literature review. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 13(7). https://doi.org/10.14569/IJACSA.2022.0130778 (2022) 45. Torres, I.T.M., Sentí, V.E.: Intelligent tutor system for learning. Object Oriented Programming. Int. Res. J. Eng. Technol. (IRJET) 4(10), 1 (2017) 46. VanLEHN, K.: The relative effectiveness of human tutoring, intelligent tutoring systems, and other tutoring systems. Educ. Psychologist 46(4), 197–221 (2011). https://doi.org/10.1080/ 00461520.2011.611369 47. Vartiainen, P.: On the principles of comparative evaluation. Evaluation 8(3), 359–371 (2002) 48. Wang, D., Han, H., Zhan, Z., Xu, J., Liu, Q., Ren, G.: A problem solving oriented intelligent tutoring system to improve students’ acquisition of basic computer skills. Comput. Educ.. Educ. 81, 102–112 (2015) 49. Wang, M., Wu, W., & Liang, Y.: A novel intelligent tutoring system for learning programming. In: 2020 International Conference on Development and Application Systems (DAS), pp. 162– 168. IEEE (2020) 50. Wang, S.L., Wu, P.Y.: The role of feedback and self-efficacy on web-based learning: the social cognitive perspective. Comput. Educ.. Educ. 51(4), 1589–1598 (2008) 51. Weber, G., Brusilovsky, P.: ELM-ART: an adaptive versatile system for Web-based instruction. Int. J. Artif. Intell. Educ. (IJAIED) 12, 351–384 (2001) 52. Wen, Y., Zhu, X., Zhang, L.: CQACD: A concept question-answering system for intelligent tutoring using a domain ontology with rich semantics. IEEE Access 10, 67247–67261 (2022) 53. Weragama, D., Reye, J.: The PHP intelligent tutoring system. In: Artificial Intelligence in Education: 16th International Conference, AIED 2013, Memphis, TN, USA, July 9–13, 2013. Proceedings 16, pp. 583–586. Springer, Heidelberg (2013)  
   
  Unlocking the Potential of Enhancing User Experience in Portal GREaT: Cultivating Great Ideas Through Brainwriting Method Fauziah Baharom1(B) , Rohaida Romli1 , Wan Hussain Wan Ishak1 , Haslina Mohd1 , Yuhanis Yusof1 , Mohamed Ali Saip1 , Osman Ghazali1 Rahayu Ahmad1 , Mohd Hasbullah Omar1 , Suzilah Ismail1 , Juhaida Abu Bakar1 , and Salwati Badroddin2 1 Data Management & Software Solution Research Lab, School of Computing,  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Strategic Planning Division, Ministry of Higher Education, 62200 Putrajaya, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Portal GREaT is a one-stop center developed by the Ministry of Education Malaysia (MoHE) to provide Malaysian graduates with information on career opportunities, advancement, upscaling, and rescaling programs. It consists of various modules designed to cater to the specific needs of different users, including graduates, industries, and MoHE. However, the functionalities of Portal GREaT are continuously expanding based on user requests. These circumstances are deemed improper planning in software development, and the extension of modules has resulted in an unstructured interface design for the application. To address these issues, prioritizing user experience (UX) in the application design is crucial. A well-designed UX can effectively guide users through the application and help them achieve their goals efficiently. One effective approach to enhancing UX design is by utilizing the Brainwriting method. Consequently, we conducted a workshop with 24 participants, consisting of web developers and designers, to improve the UX design of Portal GREaT by using the Brainwriting method. Brainwriting is a group creativity technique that encourages individual ideation and collaborative refinement. This technique allows developers and designers to generate diverse and innovative ideas to enhance the application’s UX. Ultimately, this can lead to a more intuitive and user-friendly interface, improving user satisfaction and the application’s overall success. The outcomes of the Brainwriting workshops are a list of innovative ideas to improve the portal. One of the innovative ideas is chosen to be applied in the portal. Consequently, the new design of the Portal Great has been launched. In conclusion, any web application that continuously expands in its functionalities must prioritize the UX in the software development plans. The Brainwrit-ing method is an effective tool to cultivate innovative UX ideas and enhance the overall user experience of the application. Keywords: Web application design · Brainwriting method · User experience · Portal GREaT  
   
  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 180–189, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_14  
   
  ,  
   
  Unlocking the Potential of Enhancing User Experience in Portal GREaT  
   
  181  
   
  1 Introduction Web applications have become an integral part of our lives in the digital age, with millions of people using them daily, from social media to e-commerce. Web applications differ from websites in design and user interaction, providing customers with dynamic features and functionalities across various platforms [1]. As businesses and organizations continue to leverage the power of web applications, innovation and creativity are critical factors. Users engage more with applications that are visually appealing, easy to use, and provide quick response times. Enhancements such as improved navigation, faster load times, and responsive design can increase the user experience and make web applications more attractive to users. Usability and User Experience (UX) are important concepts in product or system design intended for human use [2], making the interface of an application one of the most critical elements when developing applications [3]. Usability is vital, as it is one factor contributing to the software application’s success besides functionality [4, 5]. UX design is a method developed to design products with a user focus, creating an enjoyable, intuitive, and engaging experience when interacting with a website or application [6]. Good UX design increases user satisfaction, loyalty and can improve a company’s reputation [20]. Several key factors must be considered to unlock the potential of enhancing user experience in web applications, including adopting a user-centered design approach, optimizing navigation and layout, tailoring content, and continuously improving UX design. However, developing a successful web application that enhances user experience is not easy and requires significant time, effort, and resources. In this paper, we share our experience enhancing the design of our web application, the portal Graduates Reference Hub for Employment and Training (GREaT), using the Brainwriting method. The portal GREaT is a one-stop center for graduates to obtain information on career opportunities, programs, and career advancement. It contains several modules developed to meet the needs of specific target users, and development began in 2020, with a launch in October of the same year. Since its launch, the Portal GREaT’s functionalities have expanded based on users’ or product owners’ needs. Its user base has grown from graduates to higher education institutions, industries, students, and public users. These circumstances are considered improper software development plan since its functionalities continue to grow, leading to complaints that its goals or purposes are unclear and unintuitive. Additionally, the application’s interface design has become unstructured due to the extension of modules. To improve the portal’s goals and interface design, we conducted an e-voting session and a workshop. The e-voting session was an online survey that identified user preferences for colors. We also conducted a workshop introducing our technical staff to User-Centered Design (UCD) and User Experience (UX) concepts. Our technical team was considered novices in UCD and UX, and an expert was invited to conduct the workshop. In this paper, we share how we utilized the Brainwriting method to generate brainstorming ideas for improvement.  
   
  182  
   
  F. Baharom et al.  
   
  2 Literature Review 2.1 A User-Centered Design and User Experience User-Centered Design (UCD) was first proposed by Don Norman in 1980 as a framework for a design process that increases the usability and acceptance of a system [7]. UCD is a design philosophy that emphasizes a user interface design process and aims for a high level of usability [8]. A high level of usability can be obtained by placing users’ needs, wants, and desires at the center of the design process, allowing these needs and desires to drive the development of a product, system, or service[9]. UCD captures the needs of the end-users in the context of use, which leads to an increase in user experience [9] and reduces the risks associated with using a product [10]. User experience (UX) broadly describes all aspects of interactions between a user and a product, and it covers three main elements: effect, user value, and usability [11]. Every product creates an experience for its users. However, creating an experience instead of just a working product is not an easy process; it requires deliberate thinking about design. As mentioned, UX usually refers to the user’s feelings, including the effects of usability, usefulness, and emotional impact. On the other hand, usability is the pragmatic component of user experience, including effectiveness, efficiency, productivity, ease of use, learnability, the pragmatic and non-emotional aspects of user satisfaction, and qualitative data about usability problems [12]. There are three elements when determining the usability of a product: look, feel, and usability or functionality [13]. An excellent usable design will spark joy and ease of use, making it a breeze for users to achieve their goals. On the contrary, when a design has a poor visual, and the functionality is confusing and full of errors, users would associate it with a bad experience. 2.2 Brainwriting and Its Benefits To sustain the software development industry, it must be innovative and creative in solving problems. Creativity is also critical when producing new ideas, products, or services. Brainstorming is the most commonly used method for generating inventive and creative ideas within organizations. However, this method is not without its drawbacks. For instance, brainstorming can be time-consuming, and a proficient facilitator must ensure its effectiveness [14]. The brainstorming process can also be disrupted if one or more members monopolize the discussion. Another issue is that individuals may choose to keep their ideas to themselves, believing their ideas are not good enough to be shared [15]. Furthermore, participants must expend mental effort trying to remember their ideas until they can share them, listening to others, and adhering to brainstorming rules, detracting from their capacity to generate additional ideas [16]. In contrast to verbal brainstorming, Brainwriting involves a collaborative process where a group of individuals silently write down their ideas on sticky notes and share them with the group [14, 15]. The primary objective of this method is to promote creativity and idea generation by allowing each participant to contribute their ideas without the influence of others. Brainwriting is essentially an adapted version of brainstorming in which team members record their ideas on paper and pass them on to other team members for further refinement or development. Adopting this method can facilitate the  
   
  Unlocking the Potential of Enhancing User Experience in Portal GREaT  
   
  183  
   
  exchange of ideas [17] and encourage the creation of innovative and imaginative solutions from diverse perspectives, resulting in a broad and varied range of ideas. Brainwriting potentially reduces the impact of status differentials, interpersonal conflicts, domination by a few members, pressure to conform to group norms and deviations from the main topic [14]. Additionally, it may eliminate production blocking, minimize social loafing, and encourage thoughtful processing of shared ideas [18]. Van Gundy [19] categorized Brainwriting into six types: Nominal Group Technique (NGT), Collective Notebook (NCB), Brainwriting Pool, Pin Cards, BattelleBildmappen-Brainwriting (BBB), and the Successive Integration of Problem Elements (SIL) method. According to van Gundy, the first four techniques are pure Brainwriting since they do not involve group discussion of written ideas during the idea-generation process. In contrast, the last two techniques (battelle-bildmappen-Brainwriting and the SIL method) are hybrids as they incorporate oral brainstorming and silent Brainwriting. Brainwriting is a robust approach to promoting idea generation and collaboration, which can result in more innovative and effective solutions.  
   
  3 Research Methodology As discussed earlier, this study aims to improve the design of Portal GREaT. The UX approach was used in this study to generate ideas for improving the web application. Therefore, this study conducted a simple e-voting session and a Brainwriting workshop to achieve the goal.  
   
  Fig. 1. Simple e-voting session for color selection  
   
  During the e-voting session, the users were asked to choose a new color for the portal. There were 555 participants in the session. The participants were given seven colors, as shown in Fig. 1. As a result, the majority of the participants have chosen  
   
  184  
   
  F. Baharom et al.  
   
  Azure. Therefore, the color of the portal will be improved by applying Azure. Apart from that, the study also held a workshop in which participants used the Brainwriting method to generate ideas for improving the web application. A UX research expert led the workshop, and 24 participants from the technical staff are currently working on our project. They had at least three years of experience in web application development. The following section will discuss the findings obtained from the workshop.  
   
  4 Discussion The goal of the workshop was to put the Brainwriting method into practice. As a result, the following procedures were followed: 1. Defining the Theories The majority of the participants are software developers. They have good programming skills but lack web design. Therefore, the workshop began with the instructor explaining the concept of web design and UX. Then, it continued with an explanation of some characteristics and principles of good design and the importance of UX. The instructor also explained the Brainwriting method and how it can be used for ideas generation. 2. Group Formation Following an introduction to the concepts and theories, the participants were divided into six (6) groups of four (4). 3. Explanation of Problem The project leader was asked to explain the problems that needed to be solved. The leader stated that the application needs to be improved. The existing application was created ad-hoc, and the requirements are constantly changing. As a result, the application’s goal is unclear, and the design is unstructured. When the group clearly understands the problem, they can begin the Brainwriting process. 4. Idea Generation Each team was given a piece of digital paper and asked to write down their ideas using Miro.com as a support tool for implementing the Brainwriting method. Each group is assigned a duration (5 min) to record their ideas on digital platforms. When the timer goes off, each team passes their sheet of paper to the group next to them. The following group reads the ideas and adds their own, building on what has been written previously. This process is repeated until each group has had an opportunity to contribute to each idea. Figure 2 depicts the outcome of this step. 5. Reviewing the Ideas Every group will have a collection of ideas refined and improved by multiple group members by the end of the Brainwriting session. When the Brainwriting session is finished, the group can go over the ideas and try to understand the suggestions made by each group. Table 1 shows the ideas generated by each group.  
   
  Unlocking the Potential of Enhancing User Experience in Portal GREaT  
   
  185  
   
  Fig. 2. Findings from the idea generation step  
   
  6. Prioritization of the Idea After everyone has grasped the ideas generated by each group, all participants are asked to evaluate and prioritize the ideas. The ideas are prioritized based on “Most Rational”, “Most Delightful”, “Darling”, and “Long Shot”, which reflect their feasibility, impact, and alignment with the problem statement. “Most Rational” refers to a decision or action based on logical and objective reasoning without being influenced by emotions or biases. It is the most sensible and reasonable option available. While “Most Delightful” refers to something extremely pleasing, enjoyable, or satisfying. It is the most pleasurable and delightful experience one can have. Then, “Darling” is an endearing term to describe someone or something cherished or beloved. It is often used to express affection or fondness towards a person, pet, or object. Finally, “Long shot” refers to a possibility or outcome that is unlikely or has a low probability of success. It is a risky option or an unlikely event worth attempting but may not be expected to succeed. Figure 3 depicts the outcome of the prioritization process. According to the outcome of this process, most participants agreed that the idea generated by Group 2 is feasible and necessary to implement. Group 2’s concept focuses on improving the design by focusing on various user categories. Users are divided into three groups: graduates, industry, and public users, with each group having different module or feature requirements. Furthermore, the banner size must be reduced. On the other hand, the idea from Group 6 is considered a “Long Shot” where the group proposed additional functions to assist users with disabilities. Adding this functionality is a good idea. However, it may necessitate extra time and budget to implement. In the future, the group can include this functionality, where the features can be identified by  
   
  186  
   
  F. Baharom et al. Table 1. List of Ideas Generated by Each Group.  
   
  Group 1  
   
  Group 2  
   
  Group 3  
   
  Group 4  
   
  Group 5  
   
  Group 6 Add function for disabilities  
   
  Highlight the Improve the main function design by considering the category of user  
   
  Group section Grouping by “saya user category berminat” and features based on category  
   
  Auto update news about GREaT  
   
  The portal has multiple functions and different categories of users, including functions to provide info to the user  
   
  The user could be categorized as a graduate, industry, or public user  
   
  Grouping icons based on users’ categories and minimizing the size of the banner  
   
  Identify the main users and used to group the features  
   
  Provide auto Add a new news feeder function for supplied by disabilities KPT  
   
  Divide the menu based functionality  
   
  Improve the design based on color, organization, and category  
   
  Design side navigation based on users’ category  
   
  Highlight the main modules before providing detailed info  
   
  Improve the Provide design text-to-speech layout of the function news  
   
  Grouping features and modules based on user category  
   
  Simplify the design by grouping the features and modules based on the user category  
   
  Side navigation is not suitable for the multi category of users  
   
  Prioritize the Improve the Add an image importance of layout of the with alternate modules news text  
   
  Reorganize and prioritize the modules, and highlight the most important ones  
   
  Simplify the segment “saya berminat”  
   
  Agree  
   
  Use the Improve the Organize standardized floating icon based on user font and side menu and use “font-family.” popular icon  
   
  Need to Agree, news determine only 1 row which module has been accessed by many users Reorganize news  
   
  Improve function for disabilities (refer to portal Kedah and Johor) Agree  
   
  referring to the Kedah and Johor portals. Based on the findings, the group can start implementing and testing the ideas on the web application.  
   
  Unlocking the Potential of Enhancing User Experience in Portal GREaT  
   
  187  
   
  Fig. 3. Prioritization of the idea.  
   
  5 Conclusion A good web application is designed with the user in mind, making it easy to use, navigate, and understand. This enhances the user experience and makes them more likely to return to the site in the future. Developing a good web application is important for creating a positive user experience, building a brand reputation, gaining a competitive advantage, improving efficiency, and ensuring scalability. It conveys a sense of professionalism and trustworthiness, which can lead to increased brand loyalty and customer retention. However, enhancing user experience in web application design is a difficult task. It requires creative skills and collaboration between the developers and users. As a result, Brainwriting is a great way to generate creative ideas. Brainwriting is particularly useful for idea generation, where some participants are hesitant to speak up or share their thoughts in front of others. Additionally, it can help to prevent groupthink, which occurs when group members may conform to the dominant ideas or opinions in the group, resulting in a lack of diverse ideas. Besides, this method encourages participants to think independently and generate ideas without being influenced by others in the group. By creating a written record of ideas, participants can build upon each other’s suggestions and ideas, creating a more robust list of potential solutions or strategies. Based on the workshop findings, Portal GREaT’s design has been improved. Because different users have different functionalities, all features or functionalities are reorganized accordingly. The next step is to conduct an expert evaluation of the application. In conclusion, by following the well-defined steps, the workshop has successfully identified the requirements for improving the Portal GREaT. The Brainwriting method manages to help unlock the potential of enhancing web applications by generating many ideas in a short time. Acknowledgement. This work has been funded by the Malaysian Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) through the consultation grant scheme (P-58/614).  
   
  188  
   
  F. Baharom et al.  
   
  References 1. Kiruthika, J., Khaddaj, S., Greenhill, D., Francik, J.: User experience design in web applications. In: 2016 IEEE Intl Conference on Computational Science and Engineering (CSE) and IEEE Intl Conference on Embedded and Ubiquitous Computing (EUC) and 15th Intl Symposium on Distributed Computing and Applications for Business Engineering (DCABES), pp. 642–646. IEEE, August 2016 2. Sauro, J., Lewis, J.R.: Quantifying the User Experience: Practical Statistics for User Research, 2nd edn. Morgan-Kaufmann, Cambridge (2016) 3. Ruiz, J., Serral, E., Snoeck, M.: Unifying functional user interface design principles. Int. J. Hum.-Comput. Interact. 37(1), 47–67 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1080/10447318.2020.180 5876 4. Molina, A.I., Giraldo, W.J., Gallardo, J., Redondo, M.A., Ortega, M., García, G.: CIATGUI: a MDE-compliant environment for developing Graphical User Interfaces of information systems. Adv. Eng. Softw.Softw. 52, 10–29 (2012) 5. van Schaik, P., Ling, J.: Modelling user experience with web sites: Usability, hedonic value, beauty and goodness. Interacting Comput. 20(3), 419–432 6. (PDF) Modelling user experience with web sites: Usability, hedonic value, beauty and goodness. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/222530367_Modelling_user_experie nce_with_web_sites_Usability_hedonic_value_beauty_and_goodness#fullTextFileContent. Accessed April 16 2023 (2008) 7. Nilsson, A., Hansen, J.: Creating a Wiki through User Experience design (2021). https://www. diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:1612406/FULLTEXT01.pdf 8. Norman, A.D., Draper, W.S.: User centered system design; new perspectives on humancomputer interaction. L. Erlbaum Associates Inc. (1986) 9. Dwivedi, M.S.K.D., Upadhyay, M.S., Tripathi, A.: A working framework for the user-centered design approach and a survey of the available methods. Int. J. Sci. Res. Publ. 2(4), 12–19 (2012) 10. Dorrington, P., Wilkinson, C., Tasker, L., Walters, A.: User-centered design method for the design of assistive switch devices to improve user experience, accessibility, and independence. J. Usability Stud. 11(2) (2016) 11. Norman, D.: The design of everyday things. Doubleday, New York, NY (1988) 12. Park, J., Han, S.H., Kim, H.K., Cho, Y., Park, W.: Developing elements of user experience for mobile phones and services: survey, interview, and observation approaches. Human Factors and Ergonomics in Manufacturing & Service Industries 23(4), 279–293 (2011). https://doi. org/10.1002/hfm.20316 13. Hartson, R., Pyla, P.S.: The UX Book: Process and Guidelines for Ensuring a Quality UX. Morgan Kaufmann Publisher, San Francisco (2012) 14. Soegaard, M. Usability: A part of the User Experience, [online] The Interaction Design Foundation (2019). https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/usability-a-part-ofthe-user-experience 15. van Gundy, A.B.: Brainwriting for new product ideas: an alternative to brainstorming. J. Consum. Mark.Consum. Mark. 1, 67–74 (1983) 16. Heslin, P.A.: Better than brainstorming? Potential contextual boundary conditions to Brainwriting for idea generation in organizations. J. Occup. Organ. Psychol.Occup. Organ. Psychol. 82(1), 129–145 (2009). https://doi.org/10.1348/096317908x285642 17. Nijstad, B.A., Stroebe, W.: How the group affects the mind: a cognitive model of idea generation in groups. Pers. Soc. Psychol. Rev. 10, 186–213 (2006) 18. Brown, V.R., Paulus, P.B.: Making group brainstorming more effective: recommendations from an associative memory perspective. Curr. Dir. Psychol. Sci.. Dir. Psychol. Sci. 11(6), 208–212 (2002). https://doi.org/10.1111/1467-8721.00202  
   
  Unlocking the Potential of Enhancing User Experience in Portal GREaT  
   
  189  
   
  19. Paulus, P.B., Yang, H.: Idea generation in groups: A basis for creativity in organizations. Organ. Behav. Hum. Decis. Process.Behav. Hum. Decis. Process. 82, 76–87 (2000) 20. Van Gundy, A.B.: Brain writing for new product ideas: an alternative to brainstorming. Journal of Consumer Marketing (1984) 21. Rane, N.L., Achari, A., Choudhary, S.P.: Enhancing customer loyalty through quality of service: effective strategies to improve customer satisfaction, experience, relationship, and engagement. Int. Res. J. Modernization Eng. Technol. Sci. 5(5), 427–452 (2023)  
   
  The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects Using Design Thinking Approach in Rural Schools in Kedah, Malaysia: A Smart Farming Project Suwannit Chareen Chit(B) , Ahmad Hanis Mohd Shabli , and Massudi Mahmuddin Universiti Utara Malaysia, Sintok, 06010 Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. STEM education is vital in today’s learning curriculum. Incorporating Design Thinking into STEM projects such as smart farming, particularly in rural schools in Malaysia where access to technology and resources are scarce, allow teachers and students to experience an enriching teaching and learning experience. In this paper, we employ the Design Thinking approach to gauge the effectiveness of implementing STEM projects such as smart farming to the teachers and students in rural schools. A survey is carried out to measure the effectiveness of the approach and it is shown that the Design Thinking approach helped both teachers and students to develop innovative solutions to benefit the society. Students and teachers also demonstrate increased creativity, problem-solving skills, empathy, and collaborative learning when they solve STEM problems using the Design Thinking approach. Keywords: STEM Education · Internet of Things · Smart Farming  
   
  1 Introduction The Malaysian Education Blueprint 2013–2025 [1] has identified Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) education to be a critical component and important agenda in transforming students to meet the challenges of the 21st century. This blueprint places great emphasis on key areas namely problem-solving and critical thinking skills, creativity and innovation, and global competitiveness among Malaysian schoolchildren. Three thrusts have been identified to propel the implementation of STEM education effectively. These thrusts include curriculum reform, infrastructure development, and human capacity development particularly among teachers. These reforms, however, are impeded by social and geographical boundaries. Many schools in rural Malaysia are lacking technical competencies among teachers and face financial constraints to access to hardware and software resources which allow them to develop and build their technical competencies in STEM education. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 190–203, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_15  
   
  The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects  
   
  191  
   
  To address this shortcoming, the MCMC-UUM MakerSpace Laboratory in Universiti Utara Malaysia (UUM) have designed STEM-related projects to inculcate interests among teachers and students alike. Two schools namely Sekolah Kebangsaan Telaga Mas (Telaga Mas National Primary School) and Sekolah Kebangsaan Sungai Batu (Sungai Batu National Primary School) were chosen to be the pioneer in this project. A smart farming project was initiated in each school where both students and teachers were given the exposure on developing and implementing smart farming based on the Internet of Things (IoT) technology based on the Design Thinking [2, 3, 10] approach. The teachers and schoolchildren were assisted by student volunteers from UUM. In this paper, we document the experiences of seven teachers and 20 schoolchildren from both schools, as well as 12 UUM student volunteers who participated in this project. A survey based on the phases in Design Thinking was adapted to gauge the participants understanding on project implementation and reflection from each of them is recorded to gain better insights on the project. The experiences the teachers, schoolchildren and student volunteers undergo would set a pathway and best practices for school and small community development, as well as deliver actionable and sustainable solutions which benefit the community. The research questions and research objectives related to the STEM smart farming project aim to gauge the following: Research Questions 1: How effective is the Design Thinking approach in allowing participants to understand societal problems and formulating a smart farming solution? Research Question 2: How effective is the Design Thinking approach in nurturing creativity, innovation and problem solving among participants of smart farming project? Reflecting on the research questions above, the following research objectives are outlined: Research Objective 1: To investigate the awareness on Design Thinking approach among teachers and students when implementing the smart farming project. Research Objective 2: To investigate the effectiveness of Design Thinking approach in nurturing creativity, innovation and problem solving among teachers and students (participants) in smart farming project. This paper is organized as follows. In Sect. 2, this paper provides an overview of the related concepts of STEM education, IoT-based smart farming and the implementation of smart farming in both schools. In Sect. 3, this paper describes the sampling and instrument used in this study. The findings and results are then presented in Sect. 4, while Sect. 5 discusses pertinent observations from this study. Section 6 concludes the paper.  
   
  2 Background The Malaysian Education Blueprint (MEB), launched in 2013, is a holistic plan aimed at transforming the Malaysian education system to be ready for 21st century challenges. In essence, the MEB outlines several thrusts which include ensuring universal access, from preschool to tertiary education, for Malaysian from all walks of life. The MEB also  
   
  192  
   
  S. C. Chit et al.  
   
  aims to provide equity access and halving achievement gap between the rich and poor in all Malaysian states regardless of socio-geographical settings. Several strategic and operational shifts were planned to achieve these targets which include curriculum reforms, human capacity building, infra- and infostructure development, student assessment reforms, and strong parent-community synergy. Within these shifts, STEM education is regarded as a vital ingredient to ensure the goals of the MEB are achieved. 2.1 STEM Education STEM education is a key component in the MEB 2013, and three key areas have been identified as necessary for Malaysian students. The three areas are problem-solving and critical thinking, creativity and innovation, and global competitiveness [2, 3]. Several STEM initiatives have been implemented which include the setting up of STEM Centres of Excellence and STEM School Network in Malaysian public schools. In the recent years, there has been increased funding for STEM infrastructure. The Government of Malaysia and non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs) also organise STEM-related activities [4]. The STEM Education Framework outlined by the Malaysian Ministry of Education (MoE) is illustrated in Fig. 1. The MCMC-UUM MakerSpace Lab was established in 2018 to promote STEM education in the northern region of Kedah, Malaysia. To date, the laboratory has conducted activities such as IoT-based development and solutions, 3D-printing, drone training and other knowledge-sharing activities. In February 2023, the laboratory developed smart farming projects in two schools in rural Kedah.  
   
  Fig. 1. STEM Education Framework in Malaysia [4].  
   
  2.2 Smart Farming Smart farming uses sensors and other technologies to improve crops, livestock, and the environment. Often, smart farming involves environmental monitoring, data collection  
   
  The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects  
   
  193  
   
  and analysis on crop planting, irrigation, fertilisation, and pest-control which results in making informed decisions. The MCMC-UUM MakerSpace Lab initiated two IoT-based smart farming projects in Kedah, Malaysia. These schools - Sekolah Kebangsaan Telaga Mas (SKTM) and Sekolah Kebangsaan Sungai Batu (SKSB) are rural primary schools located in Pokok Sena and Kulim respectively. Each school has a population of roughly 200 students, whose parents are predominantly farmers and fall under the Bottom-40 (B40) poverty bracket. In our observation, the students have little or no access to Internet technology, low awareness on STEM, and have not used or developed any smart farming applications. The farm in both schools currently plant crops such as chillies, ladyfingers and brinjal. These crops are mainly sold to the teachers, and the schools’ cooperatives derive some income from selling the crops. In this smart farming project, we worked together with the teachers to develop an IoT-based farm watering system. We employed the Design Thinking [2, 6, 8] method which consists of five phases in product development, namely “Empathise”, “Define”, “Ideate”, “Prototype” and “Test” to formulate appropriate solutions for the project, as shown in Fig. 2.  
   
  Fig. 2. Design Thinking Process [6, 11]  
   
  Environmental sustainability is applied by using recycled items such as water basin and pipes sourced from the school. In this project, rainwater is collected and kept in a basin. The sensor monitors the farm’s temperature and soil humidity and will activate the pump to start watering the farm when temperature rises, or humidity reaches a certain threshold. Figure 3 shows the farming activity conducted in Sekolah Kebangsaan Telaga Mas. During the installation, teachers and students from both schools were given the opportunity to test the system, and questionnaires in relation to the design, development and testing of the smart farming were handed to them.  
   
  194  
   
  S. C. Chit et al.  
   
  Fig. 3. Smart farming in Sekolah Kebangsaan Telaga Mas.  
   
  3 Methodology A survey is conducted involving the teachers and students from Sekolah Kebangsaan Telaga Mas and Sekolah Kebangsaan Sungai Batu, as well as student volunteers from UUM. Two sets of questionnaires were distributed; one set before the participants implemented the smart farming project, covering the first three phases of Design Thinking Empathise, Define, and Ideate. Another questionnaire, covering the Prototype and Testing phase is distributed after the project has been completed. In the following section, the sample and instrument used in the survey are discussed. 3.1 Context Setting and Sample This study is conducted to investigate the effectiveness of inculcating intrinsic learning among 39 teachers, students, and student volunteers by incorporating Design Thinking in their smart farming. The participants consist of seven teachers and 20 schoolchildren from Sekolah Kebangsaan Telaga Mas and Sekolah Kebangssan Sungai Batu, and 12 student volunteers from Universiti Utara Malaysia. Table 1 below provides a summary of the sample of the participants in this program. Table 1. Smart Farming Project Participants Sample Group  
   
  Age  
   
  Sample (N)  
   
  Teacher (T)  
   
  34–56  
   
  7  
   
  Student (S)  
   
  11–12  
   
  20  
   
  Student Volunteer (V)  
   
  20–25  
   
  12  
   
  The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects  
   
  195  
   
  All teachers, students, and student volunteers were provided with two sets of questionnaires. The first set of questionnaire was distributed before the smart farming project was implemented. The goal of this questionnaire is to measure the sample’s understanding on the Design Thinking approach, awareness of project as well as gauging the intrinsic skills of the sample participants. Set 1 of the questionnaire covers the “Empathise”, “Define” and “Ideate” phase of Design Thinking. The next set of questionnaire was intended to gauge the innovative, creativity and problem-solving skills among the participants. Set 2 of the questionnaire measures the effectiveness of the Design Thinking approach in prototyping and implementing the smart farming project. At the end of the project, an interview was conducted to gain the participants’ feedback on the experience of conducting a smart farming project using Design Thinking approach. 3.2 Instrument In order to evaluate the impact of incorporating Design Thinking in the smart farming project, a questionnaire adapted from Tu, Liu and Wu [5] was designed. Participants of smart farming project were asked to answer and rate the questionnaire. The questionnaire measures the degree of Likert scale from 1 to 5 (1—I do not agree at all; 5—I totally agree). The number of participants who participated in the questionnaire is 39. The questionnaire measures the degree of learning effectiveness on the following based on the various phases of Design Thinking. A simple statistical analysis which is straight forward and covers the constructs and items of the questionnaire is conducted. Table 2 summarizes the questionnaire constructs used to measure effectiveness of Design Thinking in the smart farming project. Table 2. Questionnaire constructs. Set  
   
  Design Thinking Phase  
   
  Questionnaire Construct  
   
  Item  
   
  Number of Items (n)  
   
  1  
   
  Empathise  
   
  To measure effectiveness in Empathise Phase  
   
  The Empathize Stage helps me identify key societal problems in the community  
   
  2  
   
  The Empathize Stage helps me understand key societal problems in the community (continued)  
   
  196  
   
  S. C. Chit et al. Table 2. (continued)  
   
  Set  
   
  Design Thinking Phase  
   
  Questionnaire Construct  
   
  Item  
   
  Number of Items (n)  
   
  Define  
   
  To measure effectiveness in Define Phase  
   
  The Design Stage 5 helps me understand the difference between “needs” and “insights” The Design Stage helps me understand community needs The Design Stage deepens my understanding of targeted groups’ needs The Design Stage helps me develop design concepts The Design Stage helps me be certain about implementation  
   
  Ideate  
   
  To measure effectiveness in Ideation Stage  
   
  The Ideate Stage helps 4 me feel certain about the implementation The Ideate Stage helps me identify requirements for the implementation The Ideate Stage helps me develop design concepts The Ideate Stage helps me design solutions to solve problems  
   
  2  
   
  Prototyping  
   
  To measure effectiveness in Prototyping Stage  
   
  The Prototyping Stage 5 helps me convey my design concepts The Prototyping Stage helps turning design concepts into reality (continued)  
   
  The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects  
   
  197  
   
  Table 2. (continued) Set  
   
  Design Thinking Phase  
   
  Questionnaire Construct  
   
  Item  
   
  Number of Items (n)  
   
  The iterative process in Prototyping Stage helps me improve my design The Prototyping Stage helps me understand community/societal problems better The Prototyping Stage makes me to be certain of implementation Testing  
   
  To measure effectiveness in Testing Stage  
   
  The Testing Stage deepens my understanding of community/societal needs  
   
  4  
   
  The Testing Stage makes my design more complete The Testing Stage lets me review my design concepts The Testing Stage makes me to be certain about implementation  
   
  4 Results In this project, a smart farming application is developed. Two schools namely Sekolah Kebangsaan Telaga Mas, and Sekolah Kebangssan Sungai Batu were chosen. In executing this project, the Design Thinking approach is employed, and this paper discusses the effectiveness on the approach in facilitating learning and project execution. The first questionnaire aims to gauge the participants’ (teachers, students, and student volunteers) understanding on the problem at hand and formulating a solution. This questionnaire is aligned to and focusses on the “Empathise”, “Define”, and “Ideate” phase in Design Thinking. During this exercise, the teachers and students have identified the need to develop a smart farming application and Table 3 summarises the results. In the “Empathise” phase, the participants were asked to identify a problem and relate it to their personal experiences and perception. Based on the exercise, the participants were able to identify the problem that they face. 84.6% of the participants strongly agree they were able to identify the problems that needs to be addressed, while 15.4% agree  
   
  198  
   
  S. C. Chit et al.  
   
  with the statement. None disagreed nor remained neutral with regards to this item. A significant 84.6% of the participants strongly agree that they empathize with the problem while 15.4% agreed that they understood the problem they were facing but have yet to have a complete grasp of the problem that they are facing. Generally, we that this is due to the participants having very initial understanding of the Design Thinking concept and a clear overview the the problem at hand. It is expected of the participants to think creatively and distinguish between what is necessary and what is an insight in the “Define” phase. This enables them to give the issue they are tackling top priority and prioritise it. Participants now envision the remedies they believe are best suited to deal with the problem. Nearly 90% of participants strongly agree that Design Thinking may help with idea design, and more than 90% of participants acknowledged the necessity for a solution to be developed. It should be mentioned that some groups are unsure about how to identify and create a workable solution to the issue. This pattern is typically observed when participants disagree on a particular issue and seek ways to resolve their differences. Through this exercise, participants can display a greater confidence to develop concepts and ideas when they converge on the ideation phase. The exercise in this phase promotes problem solving, communication and leadership skills as elaborated by Calavia et.al [7] and Cohen et.al [9]. In the third phase, participants are encouraged to think “outside the box” and come up with innovative solutions. This approach led to a significant improvement in the quality of the responses, as participants were able to deconstruct traditional boundaries and devise new ways to solve problems [9]. Generally, they were able to think more holistically about the problem and consider all possible solutions and what are the best approaches to address the problem. The participants were able to identify and overcome potential challenges more effectively. A number of participants, however, need better grasp of the proposed solution as noted in the findings. The second questionnaire was intended to measure the effectiveness of developing a smart farming solution using the Design Thinking approach. This questionnaire was distributed after the implementation of the smart farming application, and it focusses on the “Prototyping” and “Testing” phase. In this phase, the participants designed a solution they deemed suitable to address the problem, and test if the proposed solution works. The findings from this exercise is tabulated in Table 4. In the “Prototyping” phase, the participants laid out the plan for the smart watering system. Teachers and student volunteers laid the pipes according to the schema. A ESP8266 microcontroller was designed and installed to a water pump, and power adaptor. More than 90% of the participants felt that the prototyping exercise helped them to helps them to convey their design concepts and turned the prototype into a reality. At this stage, most of the participants, especially students, get to see and understand the implementation of the smart farming project better. This strengthens our belief that through hands-on approach, students will consolidate their understanding which results in effective learning experience [9]. Finally, all participants were given the opportunity to test the smart farming system. Based on the findings, the participants are confident that the solution is able to address  
   
  The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects  
   
  199  
   
  the issue and can be scaled and implemented for other applications. We also interviewed the participants and some of the testimonies are as follows: “I come from a farming family and I know the struggles my father goes through as a farmer. I could imagine what it would be like if I could use smart farming to help my family in our farm. I really truly enjoyed the session” - S14. “I really think that the MCMC-UUM team was being very helpful with our smart farming ideas. I can now teach my students about farming the smart way.” -T8. “It was fun working with the teachers and students. I realised that learning outside the classroom allows me to practice my knowledge and further strengthens my understanding on IoT” - V3. Table 3. Effectiveness of Empathise, Define, and Ideate in Design Thinking for Smart Farming Project Phase  
   
  Likert Scale  
   
  Item  
   
  5 (Strongly Agree)  
   
  4 (Agree)  
   
  3 (Neutral)  
   
  2 (Disagree)  
   
  1 (Strongly Disagree)  
   
  N  
   
  f  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  Empathise The Empathize Stage helps me identify key societal problems in the community  
   
  33  
   
  84.6  
   
  6  
   
  15.4 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Empathize Stage helps me understand key societal problems in the community  
   
  33  
   
  84.6  
   
  6  
   
  15.4 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Define 37 Stage helps me understand the difference between “needs” and “insights”  
   
  94.9  
   
  2  
   
  5.1 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Define Stage helps me understand community needs  
   
  37  
   
  94.9  
   
  2  
   
  5.1 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Define 35 Stage deepens my understanding of targeted groups’ needs  
   
  89.7  
   
  4  
   
  10.3 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  Define  
   
  %  
   
  (continued)  
   
  200  
   
  S. C. Chit et al. Table 3. (continued)  
   
  Phase  
   
  Ideate  
   
  Likert Scale  
   
  5 (Strongly Agree)  
   
  4 (Agree)  
   
  3 (Neutral)  
   
  2 (Disagree)  
   
  1 (Strongly Disagree)  
   
  N  
   
  Item  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  The Define Stage helps me develop design concepts  
   
  35  
   
  89.7  
   
  4  
   
  10.3 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Define Stage helps me be certain about implementation  
   
  35  
   
  89.7  
   
  4  
   
  10.3 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Ideate Stage 26 helps me feel certain about the implementation  
   
  66.7  
   
  13  
   
  33.3 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Ideate Stage 26 helps me identify requirements for the implementation  
   
  66.7  
   
  13  
   
  33.3 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Ideate Stage 22 helps me develop design concepts  
   
  56.4  
   
  15  
   
  38.5 2  
   
  5.1  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Ideate Stage 22 helps me design solutions to solve problems  
   
  56.4  
   
  15  
   
  38.5 2  
   
  5.1  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  %  
   
  Table 4. Effectiveness of Empathise, Define, and Ideate in Design Thinking for Smart Farming Project. Phase  
   
  Likert Scale  
   
  Item Prototype The Prototyping Stage helps me convey my design concepts  
   
  5 (Strongly Agree)  
   
  4 (Agree)  
   
  3 (Neutral) 2 (Disagree) 1 (Strongly Disagree)  
   
  N  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  37  
   
  94.8  
   
  2  
   
  5.2  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  %  
   
  (continued)  
   
  The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects  
   
  201  
   
  Table 4. (continued) Phase  
   
  Testing  
   
  Likert Scale  
   
  5 (Strongly Agree)  
   
  4 (Agree)  
   
  3 (Neutral) 2 (Disagree) 1 (Strongly Disagree)  
   
  N  
   
  Item  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  The Prototyping Stage helps turning design concepts into reality  
   
  35  
   
  89.7  
   
  4  
   
  The iterative process in Prototyping Stage helps me improve my design  
   
  37  
   
  94.8  
   
  The Prototyping 36 Stage helps me understand community/societal problems better  
   
  92.3  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  f  
   
  %  
   
  10.3 0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  2  
   
  5.2  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  3  
   
  7.7  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Testing Stage 39 deepens my understanding of community/societal needs  
   
  100.0 0  
   
  0.0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Testing Stage makes my design more complete  
   
  37  
   
  94.8  
   
  2  
   
  5.2  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Testing Stage lets me review my design concepts  
   
  39  
   
  100.0 0  
   
  0.0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  The Testing Stage makes me to be certain about implementation  
   
  39  
   
  100.0 0  
   
  0.0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  39 100.0  
   
  5 Discussion The implementation of smart farming using the Design Thinking approach has brought new paradigm for teaching and learning experience for the teachers and students in Sekolah Kebangsaan Telaga Mas, and Sekolah Kebangsaan Sungai Batu. Design Thinking, being a structured problem-solving approach, allows the teachers and students to experience real-life problem-solving method, as well as enriching their learning experience. Our observations from the sessions conducted while implementing the smart farming project show that the teachers, students as well as student volunteers took an active role in devising for a solution, working collaboratively and seeking creative solutions to the problem at hand. Indirectly, these sessions set an avenue for all to share their ideas, communicate and promote openness in both teaching and learning. These traits are necessary for the students and student volunteers as they require the necessary skills  
   
  202  
   
  S. C. Chit et al.  
   
  in the 21st century curriculum as outlined by the MEB. The smart farming project also exposes students from the rural communities, who are predom-inantly from the B40 family bracket to technology. This will spur the students’ interest to embrace STEM. The introduction to STEM also allows the community to be aware of technological advancements that would bring positive changes to the people. On another front, the MCMC-UUMs effort in promoting STEM education to the society paves way for all to have equitable access to technology and technology education, align with its goals to serve an inclusive community.  
   
  6 Conclusion STEM education plays an important role in both teaching and learning. It is vital that STEM education is expanded to not only in smart farming, but to include a diverse sector which will bring positive change to the community. A structured teaching approach such a Design Thinking presents opportunities for all to explore various problem-solving approach that can bring benefits to everyone. In this paper, we seek to measure the effectiveness of the Design Thinking approach in implementing a smart farming project. Our findings show that Design Thinking help improve learning experiences. This project, however, has its limitations such as a small number of participants and the projects conducted is is limited to smart farming projects only. In our future work, we aim to have a larger sample and involve various types of projects to cover the diverse communities that the MCMC-UUM MakerSpace Laboratory serves.  
   
  References 1. Malaysia education blueprint 2013–2025 1 Foreword - Portal KPM. https://www.moe.gov. my/menumedia/media-cetak/penerbitan/dasar/1207-malaysia-education-blueprint-20132025/file 2. Floor, N.: Learning experience design vs design thinking. learning experience design. https:// lxd.org/news/learning-experience-design-vs-design-thinking. Accessed 20 Dec 2021 3. Pande, M., Bharathi, S.V.: Theoretical foundations of design thinking – a constructivism learning approach to design thinking. Thinking Skills Creativity 36, 100637 (2020). https:// doi.org/10.1016/j.tsc.2020.100637 4. Halim, L., Ah Nam, L., Mohd Shahali, E.H.: STEM education in Malaysia. STEM Educ. Asia, 33–48 (2021). https://doi.org/10.4324/9781003099888-2 5. Curriculum Development Centre, Ministry of Education Malaysia: Implementation Guide for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) in-Teaching and Learning. MOE, Putrajaya (2016) 6. Tu, J.-C., Liu, L.-X., Wu, K.-Y.: Study on the learning effectiveness of stanford design thinking in integrated design education. Sustainability 10(8), 2649 (2018). https://doi.org/10.3390/su1 0082649 7. Building Computational Thinking. In: Recruiting, Preparing, and Retaining STEM Teachers for a Global Generation, pp. 163–189 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1163/9789004399990_007 8. Calavia, M.B., Blanco, T., Casas, R., Dieste, B.: Making design thinking for education sustainable: training preservice teachers to address practice challenges. Thinking Skills and Creativity 47, 101199 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tsc.2022.101199  
   
  The Effectiveness of Conducting STEM Projects  
   
  203  
   
  9. Cohen, L., Abreu Faro, S., Tate, R.: The effects of effects on constructivism. Electron. Notes Theor. Comput. Sci. 347, 87–120 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.entcs.2019.09.006 10. Stickdorn, M., Schneider, J.: This is Service Design Thinking: Basics, Tools, Cases, 1st edn. Wiley (2012) 11. Interaction design foundation. What is interaction design? The interaction design foundation. https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/interaction-design. Accessed 15 June 2021  
   
  Enhancing Supervisor Response Time: An Exploration of the Social Representation Theory of Shame in ELISTA Jefri Marzal1  
   
  , Edi Elisa2 , Pradita Eko Prasetyo Utomo1 , and Suwannit Chareen Chit3(B)  
   
  1 Universitas Jambi, Mendalo Indah 36361, Jambi, Indonesia  
   
  [email protected]   
   
  2 Universitas Pendidikan Ganesha, Bali, Indonesia 3 Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. The Final Project is a student research course guided by a supervisor, involving activities from research proposal to reporting. Slow supervisor response times hinder project completion. This action research applies the social representation theory of shame to improve response times. A response time display feature is introduced in the ELISTA web application, visible to lecturers, colleagues, and leaders. The hypothesis is that this visibility will lead to shame, prompting lecturers to improve their responsiveness. Results show a significant increase in the percentage of lecturers responding within the six-day limit, rising from 9.37% in the pre-action to 36% in the third cycle. Supervisors feel embarrassed by extended response times in the “red zone.” The web application with response time display accelerates student final project completion effectively. Keywords: Final Project · Response Time · Shyness · Social Representation Theory  
   
  1 Introduction The Final Project represents a critical component of student research activities, typically culminating in a comprehensive report known as a thesis. This endeavor involves proposing, implementing, and reporting on a specific research topic, often with the guidance of two or more supervisors. The role of the supervisor is paramount in ensuring the success of the student’s final project [1]. As supervisors are tasked with directing and supporting the implementation process, they play a crucial role in providing students with valuable research experience. Throughout the final project, students engage in various interactions with their supervisors, encompassing topic selection, proposal writing and revisions, research activities, and publishing research outcomes. Just like in a marriage, a successful partnership between students and supervisors relies on mutual agreement and trust, establishing a master plan that encompasses meeting times, deadlines, and objectives [2]. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 204–216, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_16  
   
  Enhancing Supervisor Response Time  
   
  205  
   
  However, a major challenge encountered during the final project is that many students face project durations longer than initially planned. In an effort to address this issue and enhance project management, information and communication technology (ICT) have been harnessed through the development of a final project information system [3] and mobile applications [4]. By leveraging ICT tools, it is expected that final project completion will become more efficient and focused [5]. The duration of final project completion has a direct impact on the overall time taken for students to complete their studies. Timely graduation is an essential performance criterion for universities. To further improve the final project process and encourage timely graduation, universities have explored creating a list of functional requirements in the thesis management system [6]. Additionally, the implementation of a prototype webbased management system has been proposed to enhance monitoring [7]. Nevertheless, despite the aid of ICT, issues surrounding extended project durations persist, and the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019 has exacerbated the situation [8]. Achieving a smooth and timely completion of the final project with outstanding output remains a challenging task. One crucial determinant of successful final project completion is the response time of lecturers to students’ guidance requests. A prompt response from the lecturer expedites the project’s progress, while delayed responses result in longer project durations. Therefore, response time significantly influences the satisfaction of both students and lecturers [9]. To improve response times and ensure consistency, effective evaluation methods are necessary. One potential approach is evaluating lecturers’ response times to student guidance requests. Such evaluations can be made accessible to individuals, colleagues within a department, or even throughout an institution. This process might evoke feelings of shyness among lecturers due to its connection to self-efficacy, personal achievement, and attitudes towards their assigned tasks [10]. This sense of shame can motivate individuals to adhere to group norms and improve their response times [11]. Studies have shown that displaying response times can accelerate recipients’ follow-up actions [12]. This research endeavors to investigate the impact of displaying response times for both lecturers and students concerning final project management. The study employs the online application ELISTA, tailored specifically for final project activities at the University of Jambi, one of Indonesia’s state universities. Additionally, this study aims to comprehend the central core of shyness that emerges during the final project’s implementation, drawing upon insights from the social representation theory. Understanding this sense of shame can provide valuable input for enhancing the ELISTA feature, ultimately shortening the completion time of final projects. In conclusion, addressing the challenges in final project management is crucial to ensure timely graduation and enhance the overall quality of research experiences for students. By focusing on response time evaluation and utilizing the ELISTA application, this research seeks to contribute to the optimization of the final project process and foster more efficient and fruitful collaborations between students and supervisors.  
   
  206  
   
  J. Marzal et al.  
   
  2 Background 2.1 Final Project Management Application The student final project application is an information system used to manage student final projects. The business process of this application starts from inputting research titles, checking title similarities in the final project database, determining supervisors, mentoring processes, and inputting final project exam scores. The Online Thesis Guidance Application can help the communication process between students and lecturers and make communication easier [13]. Jambi University currently has an application to manage web-based final assignments with the address https://elista.unja.ac.id. One of the features of this application is to record guidance activities carried out online or face to face. This final project application has been completed with a timeline and guidance monitoring. With the timeline, students will be reminded by the system about the stages. Monitoring guidance is essential because the process of guidance activities can be recorded properly and supporting documents. Another benefit of monitoring guidance is the existence of service time data that can display several statistics, for example, the average length of completion of the final project the average response time from lecturers and students. 2.2 Social Representation Theory In simple terms, social representation is how a concept is understood, believed, and implemented by a group of people [14]. Social representation theory believes that individuals and society influence each other and interact in constructing meaning and reality in society [15]. Individuals are not only considered as passive objects that are influenced by their groups, but also actively participate in building the meaning and views of the group. Social representation is a collective phenomenon related to the community that is coordinated by individuals in their daily conversations and actions. Social representation is the unity of thoughts and feelings that are expressed in verbal and open behavior of actors who are objects for social groups [16]. In its development, Jodelet stated that there are a number of approaches commonly used in studying social representation, namely genetic, dynamic, and structural [17]. The genetic approach emphasizes the processes and conditions for the formation and transformation of social representations. The dynamic approach emphasizes the dynamics of social representation, including the dialogical character of social representations that can be seen through social communication that occurs daily, especially discourse. Finally, the structural approach describes the content of social representations as attributes consisting of central core and peripheral elements. The presence of discourse in the formation of social representation becomes a dynamic process that represents individuals to be part of the group or not or the assessment that has been agreed upon by the group. Efforts to present psychological feelings in social attributes are represented through social attributes, for example emojis that present feelings of guilt or satisfaction in carrying out tasks assigned by the group. The response to the degree of importance or rank that is used as a reference in social representations  
   
  Enhancing Supervisor Response Time  
   
  207  
   
  is described through the desire of a lecturer to assess himself through the emoji he sees on the application screen. When a lecturer has the highest degree of importance or rank / often appears in meeting the needs of completing a student’s final project, the representation of the central core will be present, and present peripheral elements related to shame [16]. 2.3 Shame Humans are taught to have shame since childhood. Some forms of shame such as shame to be disrespectful, and shame to do not comply with the norms adopted by a community. The meaning of the word shame shows that shame is closely related to ethics and morality. Shame as one of the basic emotions, continues to develop according to age levels and social changes that occur. For example, the meaning of shame in the younger generation is related to self-doubt, events that cause negative judgments, non-ideal physical appearance, violations of moral principles and inappropriate etiquette [18]. Shame triggers a person to modify his behavior so that it is easier to adapt to the environment. Shame arises when group performance is higher than personal performance [19]. Shame is a determining factor of social behavior [20]. In several studies in the field of psychology, it was found that shame arises when someone judges himself to feel unable to do something [21], feelings of helplessness and failure [22].  
   
  3 Methodology This research is action research, which is trying to improve a process to get the desired result. Action research is suitable for introducing treatment changes to practice and observing the effects of these changes. The first objective of this research is to improve the response time of lecturers in following up on a request for guidance. By utilizing spirit to improve the process, this research adopts an iterative process consisting of three iterations (cycles) which aims to improve response time plus a pre-cycle. Pre-cycle activities are intended to prepare algorithms to calculate response times and prepare initial information about response times before actions are given. The activities in each cycle have stages of diagnosis, planning, action, and evaluation. The diagnosis phase is how the management of the final project by the lecturer is associated with shame. Meanwhile, the planning phase is used to develop a response time presentation feature which will then be broadcast at a certain time period in the action phase. Displays are carried out in stages, and stop at a response time that meets service process standards. The evaluation phase is used to test the changes that occur by measuring the response time. If the ideal response time has not been achieved then return to the diagnosis and corrective action. The success indicator of this action research is a significant increase in the number of supervisors who have a response time of at least 6 × 24 h. This action research has four stages consisting of pre-action and three cycles. Each cycle is illustrated in Fig. 1 below: Furthermore, a quantitative approach was carried out to obtain attributes in the form of a central core of social representation of shame by using the Hierarchized Evocation method [23]. In this method, 200 participants were asked to write down what came to  
   
  208  
   
  J. Marzal et al.  
   
  Diagnosis Reponse time identification  
   
  Evaluation Assess response time improvement  
   
  Plan Develop response time evaluation feature Action Implemented the response time reflection feature  
   
  Fig. 1. Four steps of action research  
   
  mind when they heard the word’shame in guiding the final project’. The responses are then ranked by the participants according to their degree of importance. The data obtained by using the hierarchized evocation method can be analyzed in stages, (1) lexical analysis and categorization of the attributes that appear. At this stage, attributes that are semantically the same will be categorized in the same category and then their frequency is calculated, (2) statistical processing by calculating the percentage of the frequency of occurrence of the categorized attributes. The result of calculating the percentage of frequency is accompanied by a sequence of degrees of importance or ranking, which is used as a reference to determine the central core of social representation of “embarrassment in guiding the final project through the ELISTA application”. The responses that often appear and get the highest order in the degree of importance are the central core of social representation, while the responses that appear infrequently but get the highest order in the degree of importance and the responses that occur frequently but get low rankings are not counted as the central core of shame. 3.1 Pre-action There are two activities carried out in the pre-action. The first is to determine the type of response that will be counted as response time. This is important to identify because not all responses from lecturers are counted in response time. The second is to prepare an algorithm for calculating the lecturer’s response time. The pseudocode to calculate the average response time has input in the form of requesting guidance from students, response times from lecturers, other response times if there are responses from students. Lecturer responses are classified in the form of text and text accompanied by files. The time that will be calculated as response time is presented in the following table (Table 1).  
   
  Enhancing Supervisor Response Time  
   
  209  
   
  Table 1. Average response time Student Open (file/text Open (file/text Open (file/text  
   
  Time T1 √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  Supervisor Response form (file/text) Response form (text)  
   
  Time T2  
   
  √  
   
  Response form (file)  
   
  Supervisor  
   
  Student Response form (file/text)  
   
  Response form (file)  
   
  Response form (File/text)  
   
  Response form (text)  
   
  Response form (File/text)  
   
  Time T3 √  
   
  √  
   
  √  
   
  Supervisor Close  
   
  Close  
   
  Close  
   
  Average lecturer response time = (T1 + T2 + … + Tn )/n  
   
  The total-counted-action function is the total lecturer response that is calculated, including the lecturer’s first response to the request for supervising and the lecturer’s response in the form of a text accompanied by a file for students. This describes the actual state of supervision, where students submit files for correction, and lecturers return corrected files to students. The Read-counted-response-time() function is used to get the lecturer’s response time to the student’s request for guidance. The average response time of a lecturer, average-time, is the division of total-time by total-counted-action. The detail of the pseudocode is as follows (Fig. 2).  
   
  Function calculateAverageResponseTime(): Declare totalResponseTime = 0 Declare totalCountedActions = 0 Call readCountedResponseTime() While not EndOfFile: totalResponseTime = totalResponseTime + responseTime totalCountedActions = totalCountedActions + 1 Call getNextRead() averageTime = totalResponseTime / totalCountedActions Return averageTime End Function  
   
  Fig. 2. Pseudocode response time  
   
  210  
   
  J. Marzal et al.  
   
  Meanwhile, the calculated baseline component includes the number of applications for supervising, the number of lecturers who have used the Elista application for supervising, the number of lecturers with a small response time of or equal to 2 days, between 2 days to 4 days, between 4 days to 6 days, between 6 to 8 days, and large from 8 days. 3.2 First Cycle This research aims to address the issue of extended response times among lecturers. To achieve this, the researchers first categorize the lecturer response times based on their speed of response, relying on past experience to determine the classification. Typically, the supervising lecturer provides guidance once a week. After processing the data on lecturer response times, specific actions were undertaken to tackle the problem.: 1. Create a feature to display the response time with the information submitted are: • If the average response time is small equal to 2 days, then the message that appears is Very Good in the green box, • If the average response time is more than 2 days and up to 4 days, the message that appears is Good in the blue box, • If the average response time is more than 4 days and up to 6 days then the message that appears is Normal in the yellow box, • If the average response time is more than 6 days and up to 8 days, the message that appears is the response time is Poor in the orange box, • If the average response time is more than 8 days then the message that appears is the response time is Very Poor in the red box, • And if you don’t have a response time, the message that appears is “you don’t have a response time” in the black box. 2. To strengthen the message about the response time zone, the service zone is equipped with text and emoji. Emojis can express emotions [24], and feelings easily [25]. 3. Disseminate the feature to all lecturers through various WhatsApp groups of lecturers and leaders. After the socialization is carried out, the response time reflection feature is applied within one month. The subjects in this study were all lecturers. At the end of cycle one, the researcher re-measured the response time and the number of lecturers who used Elista as a guidance tool. Figure 3 is an example of the response time display on a supervisor’s user account. 3.3 Second Cycle Based on the evaluation of the first cycle, the thing that will be done to increase response time is to display personal response times and peer response times on a supervisor’s account. It is hoped that with friends in one work unit seeing the response time, everyone will try to increase their respective response times. The information displayed is the name of the lecturer, the number of responses, the time, and the response zone. With this display, people may try to manipulate their behavior to avoid embarrassment by speeding up response times.  
   
  Enhancing Supervisor Response Time  
   
  211  
   
  Fig. 3. User response time  
   
  3.4 Third Cycle The third cycle was conducted to increase response time by touching the shame of the work unit. The response time of a study program is defined as the number of lecturers’ average response divided by the number of lecturers in the study program. Meanwhile, faculty response time is defined as the number of lecturers’ average response divided by the number of lecturers in that faculty. Likewise, the university response time is the number of lecturers’ average response time divided by the number of lecturers at the university divided by the number of lecturers in that faculty. The hypothesis used is that each work unit has pride, and they will be embarrassed if there is a negative identity attached to their work unit. Thus, members in the work unit will try to display positive behavior. The implementation is to add a work unit response time display on the account of each lecturer. Furthermore, the study program leader’s account also displays the response time of the study program and the response time of the study program under a faculty. The Dean can see the response time of the study program and the response time of other faculties. Study program response time is the average number of lecturers in a study program divided by the number of lecturers, and faculty response time is the average number of lecturers in a faculty.  
   
  4 Results and Analysis The main finding from displaying the response time of personal, peer, and work units is the increasing number of lecturers who have response times and lecturers who have at least normal response times (very good, good, and normal). As a summary, the percentage of lecturers who have response times and groups of response times in each cycle is shown in Fig. 4.  
   
  212  
   
  J. Marzal et al.  
   
  Percentage of users and response time per cycle 60% 55% 51%  
   
  50% 40%  
   
  38% 35%  
   
  36%  
   
  30% 24% 20% 10%  
   
  14% 9%  
   
  0% Pre-action  
   
  First cycle Second cycle Third cycle  
   
  Persentage of supervisors having response time Percentage of supervisors having a normal minimal response time  
   
  Fig. 4. Percentage of users and response time per cycle.  
   
  From Fig. 4 above, it can be seen that there is an increase in the percentage of lecturers who have a response time and the percentage of supervisors who have a response time of a minimum normal category. Based on this graph, it can be temporarily concluded that displaying personal response times on a supervisor’s personal account that can be seen by the lecturer or colleagues in a study program can increase the response time. Supervisors will try to increase their response time so they do not feel embarrassed if they are labeled as slow lecturers in responding to the needs of student assignments. Meanwhile, the display of group response times will also encourage supervisors to increase their response times. This is based on group shame where the lecturer jointly avoids group shame. As a triangulation of the conclusions obtained above, an open questionnaire was distributed to the supervisors. This activity aims to find out the central core of shame in managing the final project. The response percentage is called high if it is greater than 10%, and the response ranking is called a high category if it is smaller than 2. These criteria are determined arbitrarily. Central core shame is the response of respondents who belong to the category of high percentage and high ranking. Based on the information in the following table, the central cores in the management of the final project are: 1) embarrassed if the personal response time is red, and 2) the work unit response time is red (Table 2).  
   
  Enhancing Supervisor Response Time  
   
  213  
   
  Table 2. Central core of shame in managing the final project High rank ( = 2)  
   
  High frequency (>10%) 1 I’m embarrassed if my Elista 1 I’m embarrassed if I’m late is red in responding to student Rank1.51 and frequency requests 20.14% Rank 2.36 and frequency 24.62% 2 I am embarrassed if my work 2 I’m embarrassed if a student unit’s response is red is late in finishing the final Rank 1.88 and frequency project 19.40% Rank 2.37 and frequency 17.91% Low frequency (< = 10%)  
   
  1 I’m embarrassed if my 1 I’m ashamed if I don’t check response time is in the the student’s thesis optimally yellow zone Rank 3.09 and frequency Rank 1 and frequency 0.74% 8.20% 2 I’m embarrassed if I can’t 2 I’m embarrassed if I don’t maintain the response time immediately respond to of the green color zone seminar/exam invitations Rank 1 and frequency 0.74% Rank 3 and frequency 2,98% 3 I’m embarrassed if my work unit’s response is black Rank 1 and frequency 0.74%  
   
  The first objective of this study was to find out whether the extension of the supervisor’s response time and the work unit of their final assignment application account could speed up the supervisor’s response time. Based on the results of the actions given, it can be seen that the percentage of lecturer response times in the green (very good), blue (good), and yellow (normal) zones increased from 9.37% to 36%. This increase occurred because the supervisors felt ashamed to be in the orange and red zones. This was confirmed by the distribution of questionnaires which stated that many lecturers felt embarrassed if their personal response times, as well as work units, were in the red zone. This change is in line with research results that people will tend to manipulate their behavior to avoid embarrassment [18]. The display of response time that can be seen by colleagues or leaders can spur lecturers to increase response time, because an individual will be motivated to appear in accordance with the positive norms of his group [11]. Furthermore, the performance of the supervisor’s response time which is displayed in the form of zones equipped with appropriate emoji makes it easier for users to remember their performance, whether very fast, normal, or poor. Emoji is the most efficient way to communicate a message [26]. This study also revealed that the display of data response times increased the number of supervisors who used the Elista application as a guidance tool. Based on the results of the actions given, it can be seen that the number of supervisors who use Elista has increased from 14% to 55%. A technology will be used if it is perceived as useful  
   
  214  
   
  J. Marzal et al.  
   
  by the user [27]. This increase can occur because Elista has complete features that make it easier for supervisors to control management and mentoring activities, including features 1) notification of unapproved timelines, 2) confirmation of seminar invitations, 3) information on guidance requests, and 4) offline guidance. If there is a suggestion from the university management to use an application, usually some lecturers will use it. They are afraid of getting sanctions, even if the sanctions are light [28]. Based on the results of the questionnaire processing, it was also found that some respondents answered that they were embarrassed if their work unit was in the black zone. Furthermore, this study aims to determine the central core of shame in the management and mentoring of the final project. Based on the results of data processing, it can be seen that what is central to the embarrassment of managing and guiding the final project is that the personal response is very slow (red zone), and the response of the work unit is very slow (red zone). This result is consistent with the increase in response time in the green, blue, and yellow zones caused by the lengthening of the response time. Supervisors feel embarrassed if they have bad personal and group response times. The results of this study further strengthen that displaying response time in limited private and public spaces in the form of colors and emojis can increase response times in various applications. Marzal, et al.(2021) revealed that the presentation of response times can increase the response time of recipients of letters on online mail applications [12].  
   
  5 Conclusion In conclusion, our research provides compelling evidence that the display of personal and work unit response times has a substantial positive impact on student engagement with the ELISTA application for final project applications. The data collected throughout our study demonstrates a significant increase in the adoption of the ELISTA application among lecturers, rising impressively from 14% to 55%. By extending the visibility of personal and work unit response times, we have observed a remarkable improvement in the participation of lecturers falling within the green (very fast), blue (fast), and yellow (normal) response zones, with a notable surge from 9.37% to 36%. This enhancement in response time categorization has proven instrumental in streamlining the final assignment process and, consequently, reducing student study periods. The findings from our research underscore the crucial role that response times play in effectively managing and guiding final projects using the ELISTA platform. Addressing and optimizing personal response times within the red zone (very slow) and improving work unit responses in the same category are pivotal steps to alleviate bottlenecks and enhance overall project management efficiency. Our study highlights the significance of efficient communication and timely feedback within academic environments. The substantial increase in lecturer engagement and response times reinforces the value of continuous monitoring and evaluation to sustain the achieved positive outcomes. In conclusion, our research strongly advocates for the implementation of response time displays as a valuable tool to augment lecturer involvement, optimize project management practices, and create a more conducive environment for students pursuing their  
   
  Enhancing Supervisor Response Time  
   
  215  
   
  final projects. By prioritizing response times and fostering effective communication, educational institutions can create an enriched and streamlined learning experience that benefits both lecturers and students alike. As we move forward, it is essential to embrace these findings and explore innovative approaches to further enhance academic practices and elevate the overall quality of education through platforms like ELISTA.  
   
  References 1. Mhunpiew, N.: A supervisor’s roles for successful thesis and dissertation. US-China Educ. Rev. 3(2), 119–122 (2013) 2. Petre, M., Rugg, G.: The Unwritten Rules of PhD, p. 10. Open University Press (2004) 3. Leung, C.H., et al.: The development of a final year project management system for information technology programmes. Commun. Comput. Inf. Sci. 494, 86–97 (2015) 4. Simatupang, J., Muhammad, M.: Sistem Aplikasi Pengelolaan Tugas Akhir Berbasis Mobile. J. Res. Dev. 3(2), 66–75 (2019) 5. Fahurian, F., Zuhri, K.: Online thesis guidance management information system at Mitra Indonesia University. J. TAM Technol. Accept. Model. 11(2), 67–72 (2020) 6. Setiyani, L., Syamsudin, A., Gintings, A., Arifin, D.: The analysis of functional needs on undergraduate thesis information system management, Int. J. Adv. Data Inf. Syst. 1(2), (2020) 7. Bakar, M.A., Jailani, N., Shukur, Z., Mohd Yatim, N.F.: Final year supervision management system as a tool for monitoring computer science projects. Procedia Soc. Behav. Sci. 18, 273–281 (2011) 8. Antoro, S., Nur, F.: Time management skills : completion of student final project during the covid-19 pandemic. J. Humanit. Soc. Stud. 05(03), 232–236 (2021) 9. Hoxmeier, J., DiCesare, C.: System response time and user satisfaction : an experimental study of browser-based applications. Proc. Assoc. Inf. 2, 1–26 (2000) 10. Kim, Y.: An understanding of shame and guilt : psycho-socio-spiritual meaning. Torch Trinity J. 2(13), 218–232 (2010) 11. Gausel, N.: Facing in-group immorality: differentiating expressed shame from expressed guilt. Rev. Eur. Stud. 4(4), 1–7 (2012) 12. Marzal, J., Budiman, W., Adrefiza, Hutabarat, B.F., Kurniawan, W.: Improving the response time of online letter management application users: an application of social representation theory of shame, Int. J. Inf. Vis. 5(1), 39–45 (2021) 13. Nasution, T.H., Pratama, F., Tanjung, K., Siregar, I., Amalia, A.: Online thesis guidance management information system. J. Phys. Conf. Ser. 978(1), 012081 (2018) 14. Farr, R.M.: Common sense, science and social representations. Public Underst. Sci. 2(3), 189–204 (1993) 15. Mannarini, T., Veltri, G.A., Salvatore, S. (eds.): Media and Social Representations of Otherness: Psycho-Social-Cultural Implications. Springer International Publishing, Cham (2020). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-36099-3 16. Wagner, W., et al.: Theory and method of social representations. Asian J. Soc. Psychol. 2, 95–125 (1999) 17. Howarth, C.: A social representation is not a quiet thing: exploring the critical potential of social representations theory. Br. J. Soc. Psychol. 45(1), 65–86 (2006) 18. Giawa, E.C., Nurrachman, N.: Representasi Sosial Tentang Makna Malu Pada Generasi Muda Di Jakarta. J. Psikol. 17(1), 77 (2018) 19. Benedict, R.: Pattern Sof Culture. Mentor Books, New York (1959) 20. Fessler, D.M.T.: Shame in two cultures: implications for evolutionary approaches. J. Cogn. Cult. 4(2), 207–262 (2004)  
   
  216  
   
  J. Marzal et al.  
   
  21. Wells, M., Jones, R.: Childhood parentification and shame-proneness : a preliminary study. Am. J. Fam. Ther. 28(1), 19–27 (2000) 22. Wilson, M.: Creativity and shame reduction in sex addiction treatment. Sex. Addict. Compulsivity 7(4), 229–248 (2000) 23. Lo, M.G., Piermattéo, A., Rateau, P., Tavani, J.L.: Methods for studying the structure of social representations: a critical review and agenda for future research. J. Theory Soc. Behav. 47(3), 306–331 (2017) 24. Gül¸sen, T.T.: You tell me in emojis. Comput. Cogn. Approaches Narrat. 2016, 354–374 (2016) 25. Lavasani, M.G., Khandan, F.: Cypriot journal of educational, vol. 2, no. 1, pp. 61–74 (2021) 26. Dunlap, J.C., Bose D., Lowenthal, P.R., York, C.S., Atkinson, M., Murtagh, J.: What Sunshine is to Flowers, Elsevier Inc. (2016) 27. Lawson-Body, A., Willoughby, L., Lawson-Body, L., Tamandja E.M: Students’ acceptance of E-books: an application of UTAUT, J. Comput. Inf. Syst. 4417, 1–12 (2018) 28. Tyler, T.R.: Why People Obey the Law, no. December (2021)  
   
  Early Detection of School Disengagement Using MyBuddy Application Noraziah ChePa(B) , Ahmad Hanis Mohd Shabli , Azizi Ab Aziz , Wan Hussain Wan Ishak , and Laura Lim Sei Yi School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. School disengagement is one of the pressing topics for educational equity in many countries worldwide, which will lead to school dropout. Dropping out of school has adverse consequences, including negative effects on employment, lifetime earnings, and physical health. Several attempts have been made to solve engagement issues, for example, the development of an intelligent tutoring system (ITS), which is useful to know when a student has disengaged from a task and might benefit from a particular intervention. However, predicting disengagement on a trial-by-trial basis is a challenging problem, particularly in complex cognitive domains. This paper emphasizes the MyBuddy mobile application developed as a smart classifier to identify the level of school disengagement risk among at-risk students in secondary schools. The working engine of MyBuddy is translated from a computational model that comprises fourteen predictors of four main entities: student, family, school, and surroundings. This application employs advanced mathematical models to analyze the data and generate risk scores indicating the dropout likelihood. This empowers counselors to proactively intervene and provide targeted support to the students who require it the most. MyBuddy offers a centralized platform to access and analyze aggregated data from multiple schools. This functionality allows them to smartly identify patterns, trends, and systemic challenges contributing to dropout rates. With comprehensive datadriven insights, district and state officers can design effective interventions and allocate resources strategically to mitigate dropout risks. Utilizing MyBuddy to revolutionize dropout prevention and foster a more inclusive and equitable education system in Kedah, Malaysia, aligns with the fourth Sustainable Development Goal, which aims to provide quality education for everyone. Keywords: school disengagement · school dropout · school disengagement detection · smart classifier  
   
  1 Introduction The issue of school disengagement stands out as a critical concern for achieving educational equity across many countries worldwide, and it frequently serves as a precursor to students dropping out of school. The act of prematurely leaving school carries negative consequences, including adverse effects on employment prospects, lifetime earnings, © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 217–228, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_17  
   
  218  
   
  N. ChePa et al.  
   
  and physical health [8]. The causes of dropping out are influenced by a set of proximal and distal factors related to the individual student and the family, school, and community settings in which the student lives [12]. School disengagement has been identified as one of the predictors of dropout, delinquency, and problem substance usage during adolescence and early adulthood by [1, 2] and [7]. Various individual factors are associated with dropping out, including several demographic factors. Generally, dropout rates are higher among males, Blacks and Hispanics, immigrants, and language minority students. Attitudes also affect dropout rates. Dropout rates are also higher among students with low educational and occupational aspirations. Family background is widely recognized as the most important contributor to success in school. Socioeconomic status, most commonly measured by parental education and family income, is a powerful predictor of school achievement and dropout behavior. Parental education influences students’ aspirations and educational support. It is widely acknowledged that schools influence student achievement, including dropout rates. School characteristics affect student performance: social composition, structural characteristics, school resources, and school policies and practices. In addition to families and schools, communities and peer groups can influence students’ withdrawal from school. Differences in neighborhood characteristics can help explain differences in dropout rates among communities, apart from the influence of families. Several studies worldwide have been conducted to explore the factors causing school disengagements in Indonesia [3, 6] and [10]. The mentioned studies show that this topic is a hot and active research point. In Malaysia, the percentage of enrolled preschool students increased to 90.9% in 2017. The percentage of enrolled students in Primary education improved to 97.9% in 2017 compared to 92% in the 1980s. While for lower secondary schools, it reached up to 95.6% from just 84% in the same period. The most significant improvement was at the upper secondary level, where the enrolment rate almost doubled from 45% to 84.8% in the same period. Dropout rates indicate educational inequality, economic disparities, and social exclusion, making it imperative to address this issue to foster a more inclusive and equitable education system. In response to this pressing concern, innovative approaches leveraging technology have emerged to tackle the dropout problem proactively. This paper discusses developing and implementing MyBuddy, a mobile application designed to identify at-risk secondary school students in Kedah. MyBuddy utilizes mathematical modeling techniques to accurately determine the dropout probability, empowering school counselors, district officers, and state officers to intervene and provide targeted support to students in need. By adopting a user-centric approach, MyBuddy aims to revolutionize dropout prevention and contribute to advancing an inclusive educational landscape in Kedah.  
   
  2 School Dropout Prevention Strategies Existing dropout prevention strategies in secondary schools have been developed and implemented worldwide to address the complex challenges associated with student disengagement and premature educational discontinuation. These strategies encompass a range of interventions, including academic, social-emotional, and systemic approaches,  
   
  Early Detection of School Disengagement Using MyBuddy Application  
   
  219  
   
  aimed at improving student retention and success. While these strategies have demonstrated varying degrees of success, they also exhibit certain strengths and weaknesses, underscoring the need for innovative solutions like MyBuddy. One commonly employed strategy is early warning systems (EWS), which identify students at risk of dropout based on specific indicators such as attendance, course performance, and behavior. EWS utilizes data analysis to generate risk scores, enabling educators to intervene and provide targeted support to students in need. The strength of EWS lies in its ability to identify students early, allowing for timely intervention. However, EWS often rely on limited data points and may overlook certain contextual factors, potentially leading to inaccurate predictions and ineffective interventions. Another prevalent strategy is the provision of academic support and tutoring programs. These initiatives aim to enhance students’ academic skills and provide additional resources to help them succeed. Academic support programs have demonstrated positive effects on student performance and retention rates. However, their focus on academic aspects may neglect the underlying social and emotional factors contributing to dropout. Students facing personal challenges, lack of motivation, or disconnection from their peers may not benefit fully from academic support alone. In recent years, social-emotional learning (SEL) programs have gained recognition as integral to dropout prevention strategies. SEL programs aim to foster students’ social skills, emotional intelligence, and resilience, equipping them with the necessary competencies to successfully navigate the challenges of school and life. By addressing the underlying emotional and interpersonal factors influencing dropout, SEL programs contribute to creating a supportive and inclusive school environment. However, implementing SEL programs requires comprehensive training for educators and integration into the school curriculum, which can pose logistical challenges. Moreover, systemic interventions are crucial for addressing dropout rates on a broader scale. These interventions involve policy changes, resource allocation, and collaboration among various stakeholders to address the systemic factors contributing to dropout. By focusing on improving school climate, strengthening family engagement, and providing adequate resources, systemic interventions aim to create an environment conducive to student success. However, implementing systemic interventions often requires significant time, funding, and coordination among multiple parties, making it a complex and long-term endeavor.  
   
  3 Role of Mobile Applications in Education Mobile applications (apps) have emerged as powerful tools in the education sector, revolutionizing how students learn, interact with educational content, and access support services. With the widespread availability of smartphones and tablets, mobile apps offer unique opportunities to enhance student engagement, improve academic performance, and provide personalized support. This section discusses the growing significance of mobile applications in education and explores their potential benefits and challenges.  
   
  220  
   
  N. ChePa et al.  
   
  3.1 Enhancing Student Engagement Mobile apps can significantly enhance student engagement by providing interactive and immersive learning experiences. These apps often incorporate gamification elements, multimedia content, and interactive quizzes, making learning more enjoyable and motivating for students. By offering personalized and adaptive learning experiences, apps can cater to individual learning styles, preferences, and paces, promoting active participation and deep understanding. Furthermore, mobile apps enable anytime, anywhere learning, allowing students to access educational resources and engage in learning activities beyond the confines of the traditional classroom. This flexibility promotes self-directed learning, encourages exploration, and fosters a sense of ownership over the learning process. 3.2 Improving Academic Performance Mobile apps offer various features and functionalities that can support and improve students’ academic performance. Educational apps can provide access to a wide range of subject-specific content, including textbooks, lecture notes, interactive simulations, and educational videos. By presenting information in engaging and accessible formats, apps can facilitate comprehension, reinforce learning, and encourage critical thinking. Moreover, mobile apps can facilitate communication and collaboration among students and between students and educators. Features like discussion forums, chat functionalities, and collaborative projects enable students to exchange ideas, seek clarifications, and engage in peer learning. This collaborative aspect fosters a sense of community and promotes deeper learning. Additionally, mobile apps can incorporate assessment and feedback mechanisms, allowing students to monitor their progress, receive immediate feedback, and identify areas for improvement. Adaptive learning apps can dynamically adjust the difficulty level and content based on student’s performance, ensuring targeted and personalized learning experiences. 3.3 Providing Support Services Mobile apps are crucial in providing access to support services and resources that enhance student well-being and success. These apps can include features such as virtual tutoring, homework help, academic planning tools, and career guidance resources. Such support services are particularly beneficial for students who may face barriers to accessing traditional support systems due to geographical or socioeconomic constraints. Furthermore, mobile apps can facilitate communication between students, educators, and support staff. Real-time messaging, online consultation, and remote access to counseling services enable students to seek guidance and support whenever needed, promoting their emotional well-being and overall academic success.  
   
  4 Design and Development of MyBuddy This section explains the design and development process of MyBuddy, a mobile application aimed at identifying at-risk secondary school students in Kedah, Malaysia, who are likely to drop out. The paper discusses the user-centric approach adopted in the design  
   
  Early Detection of School Disengagement Using MyBuddy Application  
   
  221  
   
  process, technological aspects employed in the development, and challenges encountered during the development phase. Figure 1 illustrates three phases involved in the development of MyBuddy application.  
   
  Fig. 1. Main phases involved in the development of MyBuddy application  
   
  4.1 User Centric Design The design and development of MyBuddy followed a user-centric approach, emphasizing the needs and constraints of key users, including school counselors, district officers, and state officers. This approach involved understanding the users’ requirements, conducting user research, and incorporating their input throughout the development process. By focusing on the users’ perspectives, MyBuddy app aimed to provide an intuitive and accessible solution for detecting at-risk students effectively. User-centric design is a fundamental approach in mobile app development that prioritizes end users’ needs, preferences, and constraints. It involves understanding user behaviors, conducting user research, and incorporating user feedback throughout the design and development process. In the context of MyBuddy, a mobile application designed to identify at-risk secondary school students in Kedah, Malaysia. The user-centric design was crucial in creating an intuitive and accessible application for school counselors, district officers, and state officers. To serve this, requirement gathering sessions have been conducted involving the groups of stakeholders to get their input to develop MyBuddy application. . 4.2 Requirements Gathering Three requirement gathering sessions have been conducted involving Counselling teachers, a group of teachers, senior and IT officers from Kedah State Education Department on  
   
  222  
   
  N. ChePa et al.  
   
  24 November 2022, 10 August 2022, and 6 October 2022, respectively. To begin with, low-fidelity wireframes and mockups were developed to visually represent the app’s overall structure, layout, and navigation. These initial prototypes served as a foundation for gathering feedback and insights from the end users. The prototypes were then shared with school counselors, district officers, and state officers, who were the primary users of the MyBuddy app. Through interviews, focus groups, and usability testing sessions, the users were encouraged to explore the prototypes and provide feedback on various aspects of the design, functionality, and user experience. The feedback obtained from the users was meticulously analyzed, considering their suggestions, concerns, and observations. The development team carefully considered the feedback and identified areas where improvements could be made to enhance the app’s usability, effectiveness, and user satisfaction. This analysis phase involved comparing the users’ expectations and preferences with the existing design, allowing a deeper understanding of the users’ needs and goals. Based on the insights gained from the feedback analysis, subsequent design iterations were created, incorporating the suggested improvements and addressing the identified issues. These iterations gradually refined the app’s design, ensuring it aligned more closely with the users’ requirements and expectations. The development team actively engaged with the users throughout the iterative process, fostering a collaborative and participatory environment. Regular feedback sessions and usability testing allowed for ongoing dialogue and knowledge exchange between the development team and the end users. This iterative feedback loop ensured that the design decisions were grounded in user insights and that the app evolved in response to user needs. Figure 1 illustrates selected interfaces of MyBuddy application. By embracing an iterative design process, MyBuddy benefited from continuous user input, enabling the development team to create a user-friendly interface and improve the overall user experience. The iterative approach allowed for a gradual refinement of the app’s design and functionality, ensuring that it effectively addressed the needs and constraints of school counselors, district officers, and state officers involved in dropout prevention efforts. 4.3 Development of MyBuddy Application MyBuddy prototype is developed based on the requirements garnered during requirement gathering sessions. Sketches and wireframes with a low level of detail were developed to illustrate the underlying architecture of the application as well as the user flows. Subsequently, a high-fidelity prototype was meticulously developed using Android Studio, allowing for a vivid visualization of the application’s interface and functionality. A database is created for this application to store students’ data that will be used to detect their risk of school dropout. This prototype will undergo extensive testing, including the incorporation of priceless user input and incremental modifications. Ultimately, it serves as the basis for the subsequent phase of large-scale development that will come after it. Figure 2 illustrates the main interface of MyBuddy application with fourteen predictors. Data of students need to be keyed in by School Counsellors. It involves 14 variables belonging to four main entities: students, family background, peers, and surrounding  
   
  Early Detection of School Disengagement Using MyBuddy Application  
   
  223  
   
  Fig. 2. Main interface of MyBuddy application with fourteen predictors  
   
  environment, as seen in Fig. 2(b). The variables are Family Income, family size, parents’ marital status, parents’ educational level, physical condition, academic performance, discipline, attendance, opportunity to work, distance from school, teachers, school peers, and contribution of Parents and Teachers Association (PTA).  
   
  Fig. 3. Predicted risks of school disengagement (Color figure online)  
   
  Based on these variables’ values, three risk levels will be computed and displayed in three colors indicating their risk level. High risk will be demonstrated using a red  
   
  224  
   
  N. ChePa et al.  
   
  flag, medium risk is indicated with a yellow flag, while low risk will be indicated with a green flag, as shown in Fig. 3(a). District and State Education Officers can also view the whole report of student risk, as shown in Fig. 3(b). 4.4 Evaluation of MyBuddy Evaluation of MyBuddy application involves four steps: technical testing, usability testing, acceptance testing, and market testing. Technical testing was conducted on 25 July 2023 involving IT experts from different institutions on three dimensions: design and layout, interactions and simplicity, and functions and performance. The results of technical testing indicate a positive response by IT Experts. However, the experts give comments on improving the application in each dimension. Based on the results and technical testing feedback, the MyBuddy application’s improved version has been produced and will be used in other upcoming tests.  
   
  5 Challenges of MyBuddy Implementation Implementing MyBuddy may face challenges such as technological infrastructure limitations, data management and privacy concerns, user training and adoption difficulties, stakeholder engagement, integration with existing systems, cultural and contextual factors, resource allocation, scalability and sustainability, evaluation and continuous improvement, and stakeholder communication and buy-in. 5.1 Ethical Issue Integrating MyBuddy and similar applications in education raises important ethical considerations that must be carefully addressed. This section discusses three primary ethical concerns associated with using these applications: data privacy, bias in modeling, and potential stigmatization of students. By exploring these considerations, educators, policymakers, and developers can better understand the challenges and work towards ensuring such technology’s responsible and ethical use. One of the key ethical concerns when utilizing applications like MyBuddy is the protection of students’ data privacy. These applications collect and analyze sensitive information, such as attendance records, academic performance, and social indicators, to identify at-risk students. Implementing robust data privacy measures to safeguard this information and ensure compliance with applicable data protection regulations is crucial. Schools, developers, and policymakers must establish clear guidelines and protocols for data collection, storage, access, and sharing to maintain confidentiality and protect students’ personal information. Another ethical consideration is the potential for bias in the mathematical models used by applications like MyBuddy. The algorithms and models to predict dropout probabilities should be developed and tested carefully for fairness, accuracy, and inclusivity. It is essential to critically examine the training data used to develop these models to prevent the reinforcement or amplification of biases that may exist within the educational  
   
  Early Detection of School Disengagement Using MyBuddy Application  
   
  225  
   
  system. Regular auditing and monitoring of the models can help identify and mitigate any potential biases that may emerge during their application. The use of MyBuddy and similar applications in identifying at-risk students has the potential to stigmatize individuals and perpetuate stereotypes. It is important to handle the information generated by these applications with sensitivity and ensure that it is used for proactive intervention and support rather than punitive measures. School counselors and educators must approach the results provided by these applications in a compassionate and non-judgmental manner, focusing on providing targeted assistance to students instead of labeling or stigmatizing them. Transparency and clear communication about the purpose and benefits of the application can help alleviate concerns and foster a supportive environment. 5.2 Scaling, Monitoring, and System Integration Integrating MyBuddy into existing school systems and workflows is essential for seamless implementation. Compatibility with existing student management systems, academic databases, and reporting mechanisms should be ensured to avoid duplication of efforts and minimize disruption. Collaborative discussions with school administrators and relevant authorities can help identify potential integration points and streamline processes. Customization options may also be considered to accommodate school practices and requirements variations. Scaling up MyBuddy requires a robust technological infrastructure to handle the increased data volume and user load. The availability of stable internet connectivity, hardware devices, and sufficient storage capacity are crucial factors to consider. Schools and educational authorities should assess their existing infrastructure and make necessary upgrades or investments to accommodate the implementation of MyBuddy on a larger scale. Additionally, technical support mechanisms should be established to address any technical issues or challenges users face during implementation. A robust monitoring and evaluation framework should be established to assess the impact and effectiveness of MyBuddy at both the individual and system levels. Key performance indicators, such as student retention rates, dropout rates, and academic progress, can be tracked and analyzed to measure the app’s success. Regular data analysis and user feedback can inform decision-making processes and drive continuous application improvement. Flexibility and adaptability are crucial to address emerging challenges and incorporate user feedback into future iterations. 5.3 Communication To ensure the successful adoption and effective use of MyBuddy, comprehensive training programs should be developed for school counselors, district officers, and state officers involved in the implementation. Training sessions should cover various aspects, including app usage, data management, interpretation of risk scores, and intervention strategies. Capacity building initiatives should equip users with the necessary knowledge and skills to maximize the benefits of MyBuddy and effectively support at-risk students. Ongoing support and professional development opportunities should also be provided to ensure continuous learning and skill enhancement.  
   
  226  
   
  N. ChePa et al.  
   
  Engaging and involving relevant stakeholders at different levels is crucial for the successful implementation of MyBuddy. Collaboration with school administrators, teachers, parents, and students can foster a sense of ownership and shared responsibility. Clear communication strategies should be established to disseminate information about the purpose, benefits, and expectations of MyBuddy. Regular feedback mechanisms, such as feedback surveys or focus groups, can be employed to gather input from stakeholders and address their concerns. Building a collaborative and supportive environment promotes the adoption of MyBuddy as a collective effort to enhance dropout prevention and support student success.  
   
  6 Future Directions Implementing MyBuddy in the education system of Kedah, Malaysia, presents significant opportunities for positive change. This section explores the potential impact of MyBuddy on the education system in Kedah and discusses its broader policy implications. Additionally, it delves into the possibilities of expanding the application to other regions and countries. The adoption of MyBuddy has the potential to revolutionize the education system in Kedah by improving dropout prevention efforts and fostering a more inclusive and equitable environment. By accurately identifying at-risk students and providing targeted support, MyBuddy can contribute to higher student retention rates, improved academic performance, and enhanced overall student well-being. This, in turn, can lead to a more productive and successful educational experience for students in Kedah. The successful implementation of MyBuddy in Kedah has significant policy implications. Policymakers and education authorities can draw insights from the implementation process to inform the development of comprehensive dropout prevention policies and strategies at regional and national levels. Integrating technological solutions, like MyBuddy, can be recognized as a key component of effective education policies, emphasizing the importance of early identification, intervention, and support for at-risk students. The success of MyBuddy in Kedah opens up possibilities for expanding the application to other regions and countries. By adapting the app to suit the specific needs and contexts of different educational systems, MyBuddy can potentially address dropout challenges on a larger scale. The lessons learned from the implementation in Kedah can guide the expansion process, highlighting the importance of user-centric design, stakeholder engagement, and effective policy integration. Expanding MyBuddy to other regions and countries requires stakeholder collaboration and knowledge sharing. Governments, educational institutions, and technology developers can collaborate to customize and implement the app based on each context’s unique requirements and challenges. Knowledge-sharing platforms, conferences, and research publications can facilitate the exchange of experiences, best practices, and lessons learned, fostering a collective effort toward dropout prevention and inclusive education globally. As MyBuddy expands to new regions, continuous innovation and improvement should be prioritized. Ongoing research and development efforts can refine the app’s features, enhance the accuracy of predictive models, and incorporate  
   
  Early Detection of School Disengagement Using MyBuddy Application  
   
  227  
   
  new insights from the field of education. Additionally, feedback mechanisms from users and stakeholders can inform updates and upgrades, ensuring that MyBuddy remains a cutting-edge tool in dropout prevention. Implementing MyBuddy in Kedah holds great promise for the education system, potentially impacting student retention, academic performance, and overall wellbeing. Its success in Kedah carries significant policy implications, emphasizing the value of technological solutions and proactive dropout prevention strategies. Expanding MyBuddy to other regions and countries requires collaboration, customization, and continuous innovation driven by a shared commitment to inclusive and equitable education. By leveraging the lessons learned from Kedah and fostering global partnerships, MyBuddy can make a meaningful impact in addressing dropout challenges and improving educational outcomes worldwide.  
   
  7 Conclusion This paper highlighted the significance of MyBuddy, a mobile application designed to identify at-risk secondary school students in Kedah, Malaysia, who are likely to drop out. Using mathematical modeling and a user-centric approach, MyBuddy aims to revolutionize dropout prevention and foster a more inclusive and equitable education system. While the existing strategies outlined earlier have contributed to dropout prevention, they also exhibit limitations that underscore the need for innovative approaches like MyBuddy. MyBuddy offers a unique solution by leveraging mobile technology and mathematical modeling to predict dropout probabilities accurately. By incorporating a wide range of data, including attendance records, academic performance, and social indicators, MyBuddy provides a comprehensive analysis that considers multiple dimensions of student engagement and risk factors. This holistic approach allows for a more accurate identification of at-risk students and facilitates targeted intervention design. Furthermore, MyBuddy’s user-friendly interface and centralized platform cater to the specific needs of school counselors, district officers, and state officers, enabling seamless collaboration and data-driven decision-making. Integrating advanced mathematical models empowers these stakeholders to intervene proactively and allocate resources strategically, thus maximizing the effectiveness of dropout prevention efforts. By revolutionizing the approach to dropout prevention through innovative technology and collaboration, MyBuddy has the potential to overcome the limitations of existing strategies and contribute to a more inclusive and equitable education system. In conclusion, MyBuddy represents a promising solution for dropout prevention in secondary schools. By combining mathematical modeling, user-centric design, and collaboration among stakeholders, MyBuddy has the potential to significantly impact the education system in Kedah, Malaysia, and beyond. Addressing challenges, ensuring ethical considerations, and leveraging the lessons learned from the implementation process will be key to maximizing the app’s effectiveness and promoting a more inclusive and equitable education system globally. Acknowledgment. This research is funded by Yayasan Sime Darby (YSD) and Kedah State Government through Industrial Research Grant Scheme (SO code 21039 and 14989). Authors  
   
  228  
   
  N. ChePa et al.  
   
  fully acknowledged YSD and Kedah State Government for the approved fund, making this important research viable and effective. We highly appreciate and acknowledge the cooperation and contributions of Kedah State Education Department which participated and assisted in this study.  
   
  References 1. Archambault, I., Janosz, M., Fallu, J.S., Pagani, L.S.: Student engagement and its relationship with early high school dropout. J. Adolesc. 32(3), 651–670 (2009) 2. Blondal, K.S., Adalbjarnardottir, S.: Student disengagement in relation to expected and unexpected educational pathways. Scand. J. Educ. Res. 56(1), 85–100 (2012) 3. Boyaci, A.: Exploring the factors associated with the school dropout. Int. Electron. J. Elem. Educ. 12(2), 145–156 (2019) 4. Dynarski, M., Clarke, L., Cobb, B., Finn, J., Rumberger, R., Smink, J.: Dropout prevention: A practice guide. Institute of Education Sciences, U.S. Department of Education (2008). https:// ies.ed.gov/ncee/wwc/PracticeGuide/2 5. Farrington, C.A., et al.: Teaching adolescents to become learners: The role of noncognitive factors in shaping school performance. Chicago Consortium on School Research, University of Chicago (2012). https://consortium.uchicago.edu/sites/default/files/publications/TeachingAdolescents-to-Become-Learners-Non-Cognitive-Factors-in-Educational-Attainment.pdf 6. Habibi, C.S.: The meaning of school from dropout’s view point (a phenomenological study). In: International Conference on Educational Research and Innovation (ICERI 2017) (2017) 7. Henry, K.L., Knight, K.E., Thornberry, T.P.: School disengagement as a predictor of dropout, delinquency, and problem substance use during adolescence and early adulthood. J. Youth Adolesc. 41(2), 156–166 (2012) 8. Lee-St. John, T.J., et al.: The long-term impact of systemic student support in elementary school: reducing high school dropout. AERA Open 4(4), 2332858418799085 (2018) 9. Neild, R.C., Balfanz, R.: Unfulfilled promise: the dimensions and characteristics of Philadelphia’s dropout crisis, 2000–2005. Philadelphia Youth Network (2006). https://files.eric.ed. gov/fulltext/ED491615.pdf 10. Ouma, D.H., Ting, Z., Pesha, J.C.: Analysis of the socioeconomic factors that contribute to children school dropout in artisanal small-scale gold mining communities of Tanzania. J. Educ. Pract. 8(14), 71–78 (2017) 11. Rumberger, R.W., Lim, S.A.: Why students drop out of school: a review of 25 years of research. California Dropout Research Project Report, University of California, Santa Barbara (2008). https://www.cdrp.ucsb.edu/sites/secure.lsit.ucsb.edu.edc.d7_cdrp/files/sitefiles/ publications/Why_Students_Drop_Out.pdf 12. Rumberger, R.W.: The economics of high school dropouts. In: The Economics of Education, pp. 149–158. Academic Press (2020) 13. Tinto, V.: Leaving College: Rethinking the Causes and Cures of Student attrition. UNIVERSITY of Chicago Press, Chicago (1993) 14. Wilson, S.J., Tanner-Smith, E.E., Lipsey, M.W., Steinka-Fry, K.T., Morrison, J.Q.: Dropout prevention and intervention programs: effects on school completion and dropout among school-aged children and youth. Campbell Syst. Rev. 2011(4) (2011). https://doi.org/10.4073/ csr.2011.4  
   
  Digital Entrepreneurship and Innovation  
   
  E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution: A Preliminary Investigation Framework Siti Sakira Kamruddin(B) , Farzana Kabir Ahmad , Alawiyah Abd Wahab , Zahurin Mat Aji , and Noradila Nordin School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, Sintok, 06010 Bukit Kayu Hitam, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. The growth of e-commerce has brought about a growing concern regarding its impact on the environment. Activities such as excessive packaging, delivery, and returns have contributed to increased carbon emissions, resulting in a significant carbon footprint. To promote a sustainable e-commerce environment, a study is needed to assess the carbon footprint contribution of online businesses. This paper presents a framework for conducting a preliminary investigation into the carbon production and emissions of identified e-commerce organizations. The framework was formulated by analyzing the relevant literature from similar studies. It comprises a 3-phase research activity: Phase 1 involves identifying carbon footprint factors through a literature search; Phase 2 includes conducting a case study on an online business to construct a carbon consumption profile; and Phase 3 involves developing a measurement method to assess the carbon consumption of online businesses. The proposed framework can provide a preliminary understanding of e-commerce’s carbon footprint contribution and enable authorities to assess the level of carbon consumption and devise action plans to reduce its impact on the environment. However, challenges and implications are associated with implementing the framework, which is discussed in the paper. Keywords: Carbon Footprint · Preliminary Investigation Framework · E-commerce · Carbon Consumption Profile  
   
  1 Introduction With the increasing concern for climate change, environmentalists and governments of various countries are actively formulating action plans to address the crisis. Most initiatives in this area concentrate on limiting the environmental impact of unsustainable industrial production processes (e.g., pollutants from factories) [1] and the transportation industry [2]. One of the sectors that are given the least attention is the e-commerce industry. E-commerce has expanded into a global industry that is quickly evolving. Online retail sales reached 4.9 trillion dollars worldwide in 2021, and it is anticipated to rise by more than 50% in 2025 [3]. It has become the preferred method of purchasing due to © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 231–243, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_18  
   
  232  
   
  S. S. Kamruddin et al.  
   
  the advancements in Internet technology, online payment security, and speedy delivery methods. The covid-19 pandemic also contributes to the demand for online shopping. The positive growth of e-Commerce has resulted in various benefits to the economy. However, there is a need to ensure that the sector players do not harm the environment due to the activities of searching, packaging, shipping, and returning items [4]. Research shows e-commerce players contribute to carbon production and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The negative effects of e-commerce on the environment are increasing due to the problem of transporting individual shipments, using special packaging materials, and issues with product returns [5]. For instance, in terms of packaging, online retailers’ continuous use of cardboard, plastics, Styrofoam, and other packaging materials when shipping their products generates a continuous stream of waste. Besides excessive packaging waste pollution, the carbon emissions due to the transportation (delivery and return) activities associated with online purchasing also harm the environment. Studies on the environmental impact of e-commerce are diverse as researchers focus on different angles such as logistics [5–7], particularly the last mile delivery i.e. the process of shipping the products from delivery hubs directly to the customer’s door [8, 9]. Research also focuses on e-commerce consumer behavior and its environmental impact [10, 11]. Assessing the environmental impact of e-commerce is a non-trivial task due to the different factors and elements contributing to the problem. Furthermore, the emergence of new retail models such as omnichannel retail incorporating click-and-collect and ship-from-store functionalities, along with the introduction of new delivery services, has added to the complexity in understanding the e-commerce industry’s environmental impact [12]. Promoting sustainable carbon consumption practices among online businesses is the ultimate goal of the authorities. With long-term economic growth in mind, a comprehensive plan that consists of standards, taxes, subsidies, communications campaigns, and education needs to be devised. To come up with this plan, a preliminary investigation needs to be performed to understand the severity of the situation. This paper provides a framework that can be used to perform a preliminary investigation on the existing scenario of the e-commerce industry toward building a carbon footprint profile for it. The framework outlines the preliminary investigation’s objective, method, and output in three phases. Using this framework, a preliminary investigation of e-commerce carbon footprint contribution can be performed to build a model that can aid in promoting sustainable carbon consumption among e-commerce. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section 2 reviews relevant literature and discusses how carbon footprint has been defined and explored in previous research. Section 3 presents the proposed framework to perform a preliminary investigation of the current scenario of carbon footprint contribution among e-commerce. Section 4 discusses the challenges and impact of implementing the framework, and Sect. 5 concludes the paper.  
   
  E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution  
   
  233  
   
  2 Related Work This section provides a comprehensive review of the literature on the carbon footprint of e-commerce. It begins by discussing the current state of e-commerce in Malaysia, followed by an overview of the impact of e-commerce on the environment in Sect. 2.2. Section 2.3 examines the various methods employed to construct carbon profiles and measure carbon footprints in previous research. 2.1 Greenhouse Gas Greenhouse Gas (GHG) is an infrared-absorbing and emitting gas. Water vapor, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, and ozone are the principal greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. The GHG Protocol divides GHG emissions into three ‘scopes’ [13]. Scope 1: Direct emissions resulting from activities within the control of the organization (i.e., onsite combustion of fuel, manufacturing and process emissions, refrigerant expenditures, company cars use); Scope 2: Indirect emissions from any electricity purchased and operated from the grid, as well as heat or steam; Scope 3: Indirect emissions from sources outside the company’s direct control (i.e., employee commuting, business travel, outsourced transportation, etc.) as well as emissions inherent in the production of goods and services. All three scopes of GHG will be considered in Phase 2 of the E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution Preliminary Investigation Framework presented in this paper. 2.2 E-commerce in Malaysia E-commerce in Malaysia has experienced substantial growth in recent years, with a significant number of micro-entrepreneurs and SMEs (MSMEs) adopting this business model. As of the end of 2021, the number of MSMEs embracing e-commerce has reached 890,000, surpassing the initial target of 875,000 set out in the National Ecommerce Strategic Roadmap (NESR) and the Malaysia Digital Economy Blueprint (MyDIGITAL) for 2025. MyDIGITAL is a national initiative to transform Malaysia into a digitally driven, high-income nation and regional leader in the digital economy. This initiative results from collaboration between various ministries, agencies, and the industry under the NESR framework. As the leading agency in Malaysia’s digital economy, Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation (MDEC) [14] has led the Go-eCommerce Onboarding and Shop Malaysia Online campaigns under Belanjawan 2021. These campaigns are part of the national economic recovery plan (PENJANA) aimed at encouraging the digitization of micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) and boosting the growth of the digital economy. The campaigns aim to support and facilitate MSMEs in adopting e-commerce as a new way of conducting business and expanding their market reach. The Department of Statistics Malaysia (DOSM) reported that the total income generated from e-commerce transactions in Malaysia reached RM1.09 trillion by the end of the fourth quarter of 2021, a 21.8% increase from RM896 billion in the previous year. This is the first time the income from e-commerce transactions has exceeded the  
   
  234  
   
  S. S. Kamruddin et al.  
   
  RM1 trillion threshold. This growth trajectory puts Malaysia on track to achieve its target of an RM1.65 trillion e-commerce market size by 2025, as outlined in the National E-commerce Strategic Roadmap (NESR). Furthermore, Malaysia Digital (MD), started in July 2022, is a government-led national strategic plan to improve the nation’s digital capabilities and develop the digital economy. The government will implement Malaysia Digital Catalytic Programmes (PEMANGKIN) with local industry participation, targeted digitalization programs to equip businesses with the right digital knowledge, skills, and tools, and various facilitation services and competitive offerings to complement business needs. With the government’s support, this seems promising in improving e-commerce in Malaysia and the future digital economy. 2.3 Impact of Carbon Footprint of E-commerce Despite the impressive revenue generated by e-commerce, the environmental impact of the growing number of online retailers must not be overlooked. Specifically, these businesses’ carbon footprint needs to be considered. The carbon footprint refers to the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions resulting from a product or service’s production, use, and disposal [15–17]. These emissions can be caused directly or indirectly by individuals, organizations, events, or products. Reducing carbon footprint is a crucial public policy issue for environmental management, and retailers can play a significant role in tackling climate change by taking direct action where it matters most [18–20]. Retail is one of the largest economic sectors, employing 3.6 million people in Europe and representing over 23% of all businesses [21]. By implementing feasible solutions, retailers can substantially impact reducing carbon emissions on a large scale. Transportation is a key aspect of retailers’ operations but also contributes significantly to greenhouse gas and air pollution emissions [22]. Retail transportation operations encompass multiple modes of transportation, a range of container and vehicle sizes, and driver and vehicle scheduling. One study found that switching from delivery trucks to cargo bikes can reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 42% [23]. To reduce the environmental impact of delivery, retailers and logistics service providers can consolidate deliveries to a specific location. According to a US-based study, e-commerce performs worse than in-store buying when fewer than four deliveries are combined, but outperforms every aspect when more than 92 deliveries are merged [24]. Moreover, it is better for the environment if the number of items purchased per delivery is higher, as the environmental footprint per item decreases as the number of items per delivery increases. Studies show that consumers travel to shop approximately 20% of the time [25, 26]. [27] investigated the carbon footprint associated with pre-and post-purchase travel behavior. The rise of online retail as an alternative to individual shopping trips has raised concerns about its environmental impact [28, 29]. Although omnichannel retailers encourage using various channels (online and offline) to enhance consumer convenience, this may lead to increased travel and related negative environmental effects. Therefore, it is crucial to consider the impact of online and offline shopping on the environment, including the carbon footprint associated with pre-and post-purchase travel behavior.  
   
  E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution  
   
  235  
   
  Furthermore, research has shown that some consumers tend to order more items, anticipating that they will return a portion of them (e.g., clothing in multiple sizes or colors) [29]. The environmental impact of this practice depends on how retailers and logistics service providers handle the subsequent delivery failures and product returns, as well as on the travel behavior of customers themselves [30]. Besides transportation, packaging is an essential aspect to consider in e-commerce as it protects products during transit, reducing damages, refunds, and redeliveries. However, some consumers perceive online purchase packaging as excessive and wasteful, often made of materials that take longer to degrade, such as plastic, cardboard, and paper. As a result, most packaging materials end up in landfills, potentially contaminating the soil [31]. [32] suggest exploring the use of reusable plastic crates instead of cardboard boxes to improve the sustainability of e-commerce packaging. Despite efforts to reuse and recycle packaging materials, a significant portion is not recyclable. Furthermore, some materials like bubble bags, polystyrene, and plastic bags take longer to degrade. The review reveals that retailers and logistics service providers can play a crucial role in reducing greenhouse gas emissions by implementing feasible solutions. Transport and packaging are key areas that require attention, with the consolidation of deliveries, switching to eco-friendly modes of transport, and exploring sustainable packaging options being some of the feasible solutions. It is also essential to consider the carbon footprint associated with pre-and post-purchase travel behavior and handling delivery failures and returns. By taking direct action where it matters most, we can make a substantial impact on reducing e-commerce carbon emissions on a large scale. 2.4 Method Employed to Construct Carbon Profile and Measure Carbon Footprint Several studies have used a qualitative approach to identify e-commerce activities that could have an environmental impact. For instance, [33] conducted interviews with logistics operators and used secondary sources to evaluate the purchasing process’s impact on the electronics industry in Italy. [34] used semi-structured interviews with experts and document reviews of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and carbon footprint reports to compare the environmental impact of last-mile deliveries and returns between six fashion e-commerce sites. [35] not only conducted interviews with retailers but also employed observation methods by visiting warehouses and stores to evaluate the environmental impacts of the grocery industry’s online and offline purchasing processes. The literature proposes various methods for measuring carbon footprint. For instance, [36] calculated the carbon footprint of e-commerce activities in Thailand using a mathematical model based on supply chain parameters such as customers, sellers, marketplaces, delivery centers, and delivery agents. [6] proposed a network analysis approach to calculate carbon emissions from urban freight volume in Jakarta. They used a causal loop diagram with factors such as e-commerce growth, the carbon footprint from urban logistics, logistics cost, and truckload capacity. Carbon footprint measurement methods can broadly be mathematical modeling, regression, and network analysis. Mathematical Modeling. After a thorough review of existing literature, it was found that several carbon dioxide calculator apps are available for customers and logistics  
   
  236  
   
  S. S. Kamruddin et al.  
   
  companies. However, the reliability of data obtained from these calculators cannot be determined as not all disclose their methods and data resources. A German Federal Environmental Agency study examined 18 pre-existing calculators to create a commonly used online tool for calculating personal carbon dioxide emissions [37]. Although it excludes buying methods, it contains categories like living, mobility/travel, nutrition and consumption, and purchasing behaviors. Nevertheless, until 2013, there was no accepted method for quantifying carbon emissions in logistics; therefore, businesses and research employed various techniques and data [38]. France mandated that logistics companies disclose the emissions of their transports starting on 1 October 2013. The European Union established the European Norm DIN EN 16258 to calculate greenhouse gas emissions from transport in 2013 [21]. The scientific framework for precisely measuring GHG emissions in supply chains was developed and tested by COFRET, a cooperation of 14 predominantly academic institutions from eight European nations. Although it is planned for future adjustments, the norm does not currently consider emissions from buildings, warehouses, or handling. It emphasizes the emissions produced by the fuel or electricity used by vehicles allowing the calculation of carbon emissions for every single parcel, not simply for transportation. Equation 1 is the commonly used formula to obtain the carbon footprint for a shipment: F =W ×D×E  
   
  (1)  
   
  where F is the carbon footprint (in kg CO2e), W is the weight of the shipment (in kg), D is the distance traveled by the shipment (in km), and E is the emission factor (in kg CO2e/kg-km). The emission factor E represents the amount of greenhouse gas emitted per unit of distance traveled by the shipment, considering factors such as the mode of transport, the type of fuel used, and the efficiency of the transport. The formula for calculating greenhouse gas emissions according to DIN EN 16258 depends on the mode of transport being considered. Equation 2 and 3 provides formulas to calculate emission based on each mode of transport. For road transport: E = F × Ef  
   
  (2)  
   
  E = D × Ef  
   
  (3)  
   
  For rail, air and sea transport:  
   
  where E is Emissions (kg CO2e), F is fuel consumption (liters) D is the distance traveled (km) and Ef is Emission factor (kg CO2e/liter for road or kg CO2e/km for rail, or kg CO2e/km/passenger for air and kg CO2e/km/tonne for sea), In each case, the emission factor is a value that reflects the amount of greenhouse gas emitted per unit of fuel or distance traveled. Regression Analysis. Shopping online has the potential to reduce the environmental impact compared to traditional brick-and-mortar retail, although the degree of impact depends on specific circumstances. However, due to the complexity of the factors involved, most studies that compare the carbon footprints of online and traditional retail provide a limited view. To provide a more comprehensive assessment, a study published  
   
  E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution  
   
  237  
   
  in [30] developed a framework that takes into account all significant environmental factors associated with retail and e-commerce activities. This model incorporates consumer behavior, basket size, transport mode, trip length, and frequency to provide a detailed analysis. The framework utilized regression analysis, a quantitative tool that is easy to use and offers valuable information on carbon emissions based on the variables studied. Network Analysis. A method of ecological network analysis, which considers embodied carbon flows in socio-economic networks, was proposed by [39]. They conducted a case study in China to explore the relationship between embodied carbon structure and production-based carbon intensity. The study found that wealthy provinces exhibited lower carbon intensities, with embodied carbon flows dispersed across the network, implying a decentralized carbon mitigation measures requirement. On the other hand, underdeveloped regions had higher carbon intensities, with most embodied carbon flows concentrated in a few pathways, highlighting the need for centralized decarbonization policies. By focusing on the specific carbon emission structures of different regions, the method can help develop rational mitigation strategies. Given the ambitious emission reduction goals and uneven regional development, the study aims to support China’s decarbonization efforts and contribute to developing fair and rational carbon mitigation policies. In conclusion, choosing the appropriate method for calculating carbon emissions in logistics and retail is important. While several carbon dioxide calculator apps are available, not all of them disclose their data resources, making their reliability difficult to determine. The European Union has established a standard for calculating greenhouse gas emissions in transportation, and the COFRET consortium has designed a methodological framework for accurately calculating GHG emissions in supply chains. Regression analysis and ecological network analysis are also valuable tools that provide valuable information on carbon emissions depending on the studied variables. Therefore, selecting the most suitable method for calculating carbon emissions can provide more accurate and comprehensive evaluations, leading to the development of fair and rational carbon mitigation policies.  
   
  3 The Preliminary Investigation Framework This section presents the proposed framework to perform a preliminary investigation of the current scenario of carbon footprint contribution among e-commerce. The framework is shown in Fig. 1. Figure 1 shows a three-phase framework for performing a preliminary investigation of the E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution. The next subsection discusses in detail each of the phases. 3.1 Phase 1: Identifying Carbon Footprint Factors The objective of the first phase is to identify and categorize the elements and factors contributing to carbon production or savings. The method that will be implemented to achieve this objective is a literature survey to identify the elements and factors related to  
   
  238  
   
  S. S. Kamruddin et al.  
   
  Fig. 1. The E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution Preliminary Investigation Framework  
   
  carbon production in previous studies. The identified elements and factors will then be analyzed and categorized according to the e-commerce participating players’ i.e., retailers, logistics, and couriers. The output of this phase will be a list of e-commerce-related elements and factors that contribute to carbon production and a list of e-commerce-related elements and factors that reduce carbon production. 3.2 Phase 2: Constructing Carbon Consumption Profile The second phase of this study involves the objective of evaluating the consumption profiling from the participating organization. To achieve this objective, a case study will be conducted on the participating organization to collect detailed information on the activities involved in the complete e-commerce process to construct the carbon profiling. The output of this phase will be the carbon consumption profile. The case study is particularly useful for exploratory study and appropriate to understand the online business activities that could impact the environment. This case study focuses on Lazada, an online business website for retailers to enhance their sales channels. Lazada was chosen as it is ranked as number one of the top ten list of e-commerce sites in Malaysia for 2022 [40]. Its monthly traffic is around 31.29 million hits. A multisource and multimethod data collection method is proposed in this framework. The data will be collected through secondary sources involving traditional media, company websites, and internet articles. Meanwhile, interviews will be conducted with managers handling the online business life cycle activities. Data analysis and data collection will be conducted concurrently to allow the emergence of empirical data and theoretical concepts in capturing a novel phenomenon [41]. Face-to-face and online interview sessions will be recorded. The recorded data will be transcribed verbatim. The transcript will be subjected to thematic analysis using Atlas.  
   
  E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution  
   
  239  
   
  ti software. The secondary data will be subjected to content analysis. The participants will be determined by contacting the liaison officers or representatives at Lazada through LinkedIn and their company website. 3.3 Phase 3: Developing Carbon Contribution Measurement Method The third phase is to propose a measurement method and matrix suitable to measure carbon contribution for e-Commerce, logistics, and courier players based on best practices and industry standards across other sectors and/or jurisdictions. To achieve this objective, a literature search will be conducted on the best practice and industry standards in other countries or other sectors to devise the carbon contribution calculation. The output of this phase will be the measurement method for carbon contribution calculation for retailers, logistics, and courier players. The literature revealed various approaches for measuring carbon contribution, therefore, this phase will involve a thorough search of the literature to identify the most suitable approach. Once the approach is identified, the next step is to conduct an analytical approach on the identified carbon contributing factors and elements from Phase 1 and the carbon profile of the identified online business from Phase 2. Both this information will be analyzed to be incorporated into the construction of the carbon footprint measurement method.  
   
  4 Implementation Challenges and Impact The paper presents a framework for the preliminary investigation of the e-commerce carbon footprint contribution. This section discusses some challenges that may arise in implementing the proposed framework. We also discuss the implication of implementing the preliminary investigation using the proposed framework. 4.1 Implementation Challenges Conducting a preliminary investigation related to carbon footprint profiling of ecommerce comes with challenges such as data acquisition, ensuring the sufficiency of data to create the carbon footprint profile and the challenges of developing a model with insufficient data. One of the main challenges in conducting research related to carbon footprint profiling is gaining access to relevant organizations and their data. Acquiring data from these organizations can be difficult, especially if the organization is unwilling to cooperate or if the data is confidential. Also, it may be challenging to contact some organizations, which might make the research process more challenging. Researchers may need to build relationships with pertinent groups, explain the significance of the research and the advantages of participation, and reassure them that their data would be handled with privacy and security in mind to solve this difficulty. The unavailability of adequate data to build a model is another problem in carbon footprint profiling research. This is particularly true for small and medium-sized businesses, which could lack the tools or capability needed to gather and disclose information  
   
  240  
   
  S. S. Kamruddin et al.  
   
  on their carbon impact. Furthermore, it may be difficult to develop the model because of missing or faulty data effectively. We could need to leverage various data sources, including publicly available databases or secondary data, to address this problem, and we might need to create statistical models to estimate the missing data. Even with the best efforts, there may occasionally not be enough data to build a carbon footprint model. This could happen if the company hasn’t gathered data on particular parts of its operations or if the data is unreliable or erroneous. We may need to employ alternate strategies to study the potential effects of missing data in certain situations, such as creating scenario-based models or performing sensitivity analyses. Another strategy is to use proxy data, such as industry benchmarks or data from organizations with comparable purposes, to calculate carbon emissions. 4.2 The Impact of Implementation When the framework is implemented, the outcome of the preliminary investigation can provide the following implication; by identifying the contributing factors of the carbon footprint and constructing a carbon footprint profile for the e-commerce industry and its players, the preliminary investigation can provide valuable insights into the current practices and the severity of the existing carbon footprint produced by e-commerce companies. This information can help businesses make informed decisions about reducing their carbon emissions and developing more sustainable practices. For example, the researchers can identify which activities and processes have the highest carbon footprint and suggest ways to reduce emissions through changes in these areas. The development of a measurement/model/matrix can be used as a measuring scale to measure and evaluate the future carbon footprint contribution of the e-commerce industry. Furthermore, it may be used to create a standard and compare the carbon footprint of different companies and industries. Another benefit of the measurement/model/matrix is that it can be used to monitor carbon reduction progress and set achievable targets over time. This could motivate businesses to take action to lessen their carbon footprint and foster a culture of sustainability within the e-commerce sector.  
   
  5 Conclusion In conclusion, a carbon footprint profiling study can significantly benefit the e-commerce industry by providing a guideline to reduce carbon emissions and contribute to environmental sustainability. Establishing relationships with organizations, using different data sources, and devising alternative solutions can overcome the challenges faced in this research, such as gaining access to relevant organizations, dealing with incomplete data, and having difficulty adopting innovative modeling approaches. Identifying the contributing factors and constructing a carbon footprint profile can enable the e-commerce industry to gain insights into their operations’ carbon emissions, enabling them to make informed decisions on reducing their carbon footprint. Additionally, constructing a carbon footprint measurement/model/matrix can be viewed as an initiative to develop a standardized and transparent method of assessing carbon consumption, setting targets for reduction, and monitoring progress over time. This  
   
  E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution  
   
  241  
   
  can encourage companies to take responsibility for their carbon emissions, implement sustainable practices and create a sustainability culture in the e-commerce industry. Future work will concentrate on implementing the proposed framework, developing the carbon footprint profile for the e-commerce sector, and devising an appropriate measurement/matrix/model to accurately calculate the carbon contribution of the e-commerce industry in Malaysia. Once the framework is implemented, the study’s finding can be extended beyond the e-commerce industry. Carbon footprint profiling can help impact business operations on the environment by increasing awareness of environmental issues. As a result, more sustainable practices in all industries can be established. Furthermore, climate change policy decisions can be devised by providing policymakers with accurate information about the potential impact of legislation on carbon dioxide emissions by the e-commerce industry. To address the environmental impact of carbon footprint in online retail, customers, retailers, and logistics service providers can make significant positive contributions by taking specific actions. The initiatives include greening the delivery fleet, encouraging sustainable collection trips, and transforming packaging practices. Additionally, these stakeholders can generate and increase awareness about this issue in collaboration with policymakers. By working together, we can effectively tackle the challenges associated with carbon footprint and create a more sustainable future for e-commerce activities.  
   
  References 1. Meng, W., Hu, B., Sun, N., Mo, X., He, M., Li, H.: An integrated full cost model based on extended exergy accounting toward sustainability assessment of industrial production processes. Clean Technol. Environ. Policy 21(10), 1993–2004 (2019) 2. Miklautsch, P., Woschank, M.: A framework of measures to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions in freight transport: systematic literature review from a manufacturer’s perspective. J. Clean. Prod. 132883 (2022) 3. Chevalier, S.: Global retail e-commerce sales 2014–2025. In Statista (2022). https://www-sta tista-com.proxy.library.ohio.edu/statistics/1108266/esports-interest/. Accessec 7 Sept 2022 4. Escursell, S., Llorach-Massana, P., Roncero, M.B.: Sustainability in e-commerce packaging: a review. J. Clean. Prod. 280, 124314 (2021) 5. Kawa, A., Piera´nski, B.: Green logistics in e-commerce. LogForum 17(2), 183–192 (2021) 6. Hidayatno, A., Destyanto, A.R., Fadhil, M.: Model conceptualization on E-commerce growth impact to emissions generated from urban logistics transportation: a case study of Jakarta. Energy Procedia 156, 144–148 (2019) 7. Mak, S.L., Wong, Y.M., Ho, K.C., Lee, C.C.: Contemporary green solutions for the logistics and transportation industry—with case illustration of a leading global 3PL based in Hong Kong. Sustainability 14(14), 8777 (2022) 8. Siragusa, C., Tumino, A., Mangiaracina, R., Perego, A.: Electric vehicles performing lastmile delivery in B2C e-commerce: an economic and environmental assessment. Int. J. Sustain. Transp. 16(1), 22–33 (2022) 9. Chen, C., Demir, E.: Drones and delivery robots: models and applications to last mile delivery. In: The Palgrave Handbook of Operations Research, pp. 859–882. Palgrave Macmillan, Cham (2022) 10. Ignat, B., Chankov, S.: Do e-commerce customers change their preferred last-mile delivery based on its sustainability impact?. Int. J. Logist. Manage. (2020)  
   
  242  
   
  S. S. Kamruddin et al.  
   
  11. Bonomi, V., Mansini, R., Zanotti, R.: Last mile delivery with parcel lockers: evaluating the environmental impact of eco-conscious consumer behavior. IFAC-PapersOnLine 55(5), 72– 77 (2022) 12. Rai, H.B.: The net environmental impact of online shopping, beyond the substitution bias. J. Transp. Geogr. 93, 103058 (2021) 13. Radonjiˇc, G., Tompa, S.: Carbon footprint calculation in telecommunications companies–the importance and relevance of scope 3 greenhouse gases emissions. Renew. Sustain. Energy Rev. 98, 361–375 (2018) 14. Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation. Digitilizing SMEs. Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation. (2020). https://mdec.my/digital-economyinitiatives/100-go-digital/ 15. Wright, L.A., Kemp, S., Williams, I.: ‘Carbon footprinting’: towards a universally accepted definition. Carbon Manage. 2(1), 61–72 (2011) 16. Malmodin, J., Lundén, D.: The energy and carbon footprint of the global ICT and E&M sectors 2010–2015. Sustainability 10(9), 3027 (2018). https://doi.org/10.3390/su10093027 17. Karwacka, M., Ciurzy´nska, A., Lenart, A., Janowicz, M.: Sustainable development in the agri-food sector in terms of the carbon footprint: a review. Sustainability 12(16), 6463 (2020) 18. Demarque, C., Charalambides, L., Hilton, D.J., Waroquier, L.: Nudging sustainable consumption: the use of descriptive norms to promote a minority behavior in a realistic online shopping environment. J. Environ. Psychol. 43, 166–174 (2015) 19. Muller, L., Lacroix, A., Ruffieux, B.: Environmental labelling and consumption changes: A food choice experiment. Environ. Resour. Econ. 73(3), 871–897 (2019) 20. Panzone, L.A., Ulph, A., Zizzo, D.J., Hilton, D., Clear, A.: The impact of environmental recall and carbon taxation on the carbon footprint of supermarket shopping. J. Environ. Econ. Manag. 109, 102137 (2021) 21. European Commission. A European Retail Sector Fit for the 21st Century (Brussels) (2018) 22. WHO: Health in the Green Economy: Health Co-Benefits of Climate Change Mitigation – Transport Sector. Geneva, Switzerland (2011) 23. Shahmohammadi, S., Steinmann, Z.J., Tambjerg, L., van Loon, P., King, J.H., Huijbregts, M.A.: Comparative greenhouse gas footprinting of online versus traditional shopping for fast-moving consumer goods: a stochastic approach. Environ. Sci. Technol. 54(6), 3499–3509 (2020) 24. Jaller, M., Pahwa, A.: Evaluating the environmental impacts of online shopping: a behavioral and transportation approach. Transp. Res. Part D: Transp. Environ. 80, 102223 (2020) 25. Guy, C.: Sustainable transport choices in consumer shopping: a review of the UK evidence. Int. J. Consum. Stud. 33(6), 652–658 (2009) 26. Jiao, J., Moudon, A.V., Drewnowski, A.: Grocery shopping: how individuals and built environments influence choice of travel mode. Transp. Res. Rec. 2230(1), 85–95 (2011) 27. Buldeo Rai, H., Mommens, K., Verlinde, S., Macharis, C.: How does consumers’ omnichannel shopping behaviour translate into travel and transport impacts? Case-study of a footwear retailer in Belgium. Sustainability 11(9), 2534 (2019) 28. Cairns, S.: Delivering supermarket shopping: more or less traffic? Transp. Rev. 25(1), 51–84 (2005) 29. Cullinane, S.: From bricks to clicks: the impact of online retailing on transport and the environment. Transp. Rev. 29(6), 759–776 (2009) 30. Van Loon, P., Deketele, L., Dewaele, J., McKinnon, A., Rutherford, C.: A comparative analysis of carbon emissions from online retailing of fast moving consumer goods. J. Clean. Prod. 106, 478–486 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jclepro.2014.06.060 31. Zhang, M., Chen, Y., Shen, Y.: Environmental & analytical toxicology china’s environmental threats of internet shopping packaging wastes. J. Environ. Anal. Toxicol. 6(5), 1–5 (2016) 32. Coelho, P.M., Corona, B., ten Klooster, R., Worrell, E.: Sustainability of reusable packaging– current situation and trends. Resour. Conserv. Recycl.: X 6, 100037 (2020)  
   
  E-commerce Carbon Footprint Contribution  
   
  243  
   
  33. Mangiaracina, R., Marchet, G., Perotti, S., Tumino, A.: A review of the environmental implications of B2C e-commerce: a logistics perspective. Int. J. Phys. Distrib. Logist. Manage. 45(6) (2015). https://doi.org/10.1108/IJPDLM-06-2014-0133 34. Velazquez, R., Chankov, S. M.: Environmental impact of last mile deliveries and returns in fashion E-commerce: a cross-case analysis of six retailers. In: IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management (2019). https://doi.org/10.1109/IEE M44572.2019.8978705 35. Siragusa, C., Tumino, A.: E-grocery: comparing the environmental impacts of the online and offline purchasing processes. Int. J. Logist. Res. Appl. (2021). https://doi.org/10.1080/136 75567.2021.1892041 36. Prasertwit, T., Kanchanasuntorn, K.: Preliminary study of environmental impact related to E-commerce activities in Thailand. In: E3S Web of Conferences, vol. 259, p. 03004. EDP Sciences (2021). https://doi.org/10.1051/e3sconf/202125903004 37. Sippel, M.: Students as sustainability avant-garde? An analysis of student carbon footprints at the university of applied science in Konstanz, Germany. An Analysis of Student Carbon Footprints at the University of Applied Science in Konstanz, Germany, 10 February 2017 (2017) 38. Kranke, A., Schmied, M., Schön, A.D.J.D.: Formeln, Standards. Verlag Heinrich Vogel: CO2Berechnung in der Logistik, München (2011) 39. Fang, D., Chen, B.: Information-based ecological network analysis for carbon emissions. Appl. Energy 238, 45–53 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.apenergy.2019.01.066 40. Vinculum. Top E-Commerce Sites in Malaysia 2022 (2022). https://www.vinculumgroup. com/top-e-commerce-sites-in-malaysia-2022/ 41. Eisenhardt, K.M.: Building theories from case study research. Acad. Manage. Rev. 14(4), 532–550 (1989)  
   
  Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management Brandon Chua Choon Kit and Nor Farzana Abd Ghani(B) School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, Sintok, 06010 Bukit Kayu Hitam, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. The significance of financial planning in individuals’ lives cannot be understated. People are transitioning from traditionally paper-based or tangible methods of tracking their finances to more digital-based approaches. However, recent studies indicate that the study on personal financial management systems is limited, and the traditional software did not meet the users’ needs. The current software lacks the ability to offer practical recommendations to users and direct them towards achieving their financial objectives. This study aims to design a personal financial management software that implements artificial intelligence techniques. A rule-based expert system technique was adopted to provide practical recommendations and support users in achieving their financial goals. Besides that, a prototype of the proposed system will be developed and evaluated by domain experts using a user perception survey. The results reveal that the respondents are satisfied with the design of the proposed system. The outcome of this study could provide practical recommendations that users can use to make informed financial decisions and accomplish their financial objectives. Keywords: Personal Financial Planning · Artificial Intelligence · Expert System  
   
  1 Introduction The application of digital technology in the financial market and internet connectivity has become pervasive in this digitised world, increasing the opportunity for people to interact and access the digital effusion of financial data. Indeed, there have been various types of electronic payment, online banking mobile applications, web pages, and other online financial services available to users in the past few years. Therefore, managing and analysing digital financial data has become increasingly complicated. In this age of globalisation, the quality of goods and services is constantly improving. To survive in this expanding and crowded market, the sales and marketing team employed a variety of techniques to imbue their branding and product image in the minds of their consumers. This shortens the time for the consumer to consider the importance of their product. However, consumers’ awareness of their own personal finance is decreasing at the same time. According to Priantinah et al. [1], personal financial management can be defined as understanding and acquiring financial information to plan and generate © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 244–257, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_19  
   
  Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management  
   
  245  
   
  assets. It is an essential skill that needs to be learned and practised because it enables people to achieve their life goals. While managing personal finances is important, only some have the knowledge or capability to do this. Besides, even the most economically astute person can become confused or short-sighted. Munohsamy [2] explains the significance of personal financial management, stating that it allows for a higher standard of living, which leads to better health and less financial stress. Muske & Winter [3] also mention that long-term financial security is seen to be possible with good personal financial management. However, they discovered that only a few individuals applied the suggested personal money management strategies. Technology-related tools are believed to make personal financial management easier in daily life. People now, especially the younger generation, are expected to be able to adapt to technology in managing their finances. According to Hokin [4] spending without limits and goals is the biggest problem in personal finance. This issue may be solved when someone specifies their purpose with supporting tools that are able to manage their own personal finance. Therefore, when developing a personal financial management application for the users to support money management and decision making, it is critical to understand what they want to do so that these applications meet their needs and expectations rather than imagined ones. This research aims to (i) determine the requirements of the prototype for a rulebased personal financial management expert system, (ii) construct a prototype for a rule-based personal financial management expert system. (iii) evaluate the rule-based personal financial management expert system prototype.  
   
  2 Problem Statement Personal finance can help people better understand where money is spent and where it comes from. The user can draw conclusions based on this information and make better decisions for better financial capability. Moreover, it is important for an individual to understand that planning and budgeting can help avoid problems, such as overspending and budget gaps, especially for those with debt or loans. Next, the requirements for personal financial control keep increasing, and it is impossible for everyone to keep a lot of information in mind simultaneously. The main problem with personal finance is that people spend without knowing their limits and without having a plan. Therefore, many people start analysing their expenditures and budget. Unfortunately, there are some people who lack the time and information to deal with this. According to Vasyliuk & Basyuk [5], people sometimes only know the approximate value of their expenditure. However, the real statistics of the financial data are different from this figure. Vahidov & He [6] also highlight concerning trends in the personal finance domain that researchers have overlooked. Therefore, there is a need for a system that can help users keep track of and manage their financial data. However, the current study on the personal financial management system is still limited, especially in the requirement model for a personal financial management system. According to Lewis & Perry [7], the study on how users track their financial transaction every day is very limited, and little is known about how users keep track of their  
   
  246  
   
  B. C. C. Kit and N. F. A. Ghani  
   
  daily financial activities. Although some existing commercial software, such as Manilla, Quicken and FinanceWorks, currently supports personal financial management, they found out that most of the software was not used by users due to a mismatch with the needs, security, and inconvenience. They also show that the fulfilment of the users’ needs and requirements are the keys to successful personal financial management software. Moreover, the current commercial application requires in-app purchases and a high monthly subscription to function properly which is not affordable for most users [8]. In addition, Xie [9] found that most traditional software consists of meaningless operations and redundant functions. They suggest that personal financial management software users should focus on the data rather than spend energy and time to understand the complex user interface. This is supported by Kozhevnikov et al. [10], which mention that most of the current popular personal financial management applications have been created for a long time with outdated technology, inflexible user interfaces and a lack of important features. They also mention there is a need to identify the requirement or design for creating a next generation personal financial management information system. Apart from that, the current personal finance application lacks the capability to provide users with actionable advice [11]. As a result, the application cannot guide users towards achieving financial stability. Considering that most users make purchase decisions based on unconscious factors is crucial. ABased on the literature reviewed above, further research is still needed, particularly in designing an effective personal financial management system. To address this gap, this study proposes a new design for a personal financial management system that leverages AI capabilities to offer practical recommendations and support users in making informed decisions to achieve their financial goals.  
   
  3 Related Work According to Nafed [12], expert systems are classified as one of the most significant areas of artificial intelligence. It can be considered an artificial intelligence technique [13]. An expert system is an intelligent computer program that utilizes knowledge and inference techniques to address complex problems that typically require consultation with domain experts. In the same context, Jackson [14] defined an expert system as a software application that utilises knowledge and reasoning of a specialised subject matter to solve problems or provide advice. Giarratano & Riley [15] suggest that an expert system consists of two distinct components: an inference engine and a knowledge base. Moreover, Holsapple et al. [16] suggested the application of an expert system in financial management, including portfolio analysis, credit analysis, insurance, and security trading. In this study, a comparison and analysis will be conducted among three popular personal financial management applications, namely Money Manager, Dollarbird, and Goodbudget. Additionally, the important requirements of this application will be identified and elicited. Table 1 shows the results of the comparative analysis based on observations.  
   
  Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management  
   
  247  
   
  Table 1. Results of Comparative Analysis Features  
   
  Money Manager Goodbudget Dollarbird Proposed System  
   
  Able to add, delete and modify / transaction  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Able to track past transaction  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Allows for customisable date / ranges when visualising graphs  
   
  /  
   
  ×  
   
  /  
   
  Able to set budget or financial goals  
   
  /  
   
  ×  
   
  /  
   
  Allows for accessing spending × patterns and generating alerts  
   
  ×  
   
  ×  
   
  /  
   
  Revising budget and providing × actionable recommendation  
   
  ×  
   
  ×  
   
  /  
   
  /  
   
  Based on the findings presented in Table 1, this study reveals that the selected popular personal finance management application could store and visualise the daily transaction of the users. However, these applications cannot revise the budget and provide actionable advice to users. As a result, this study reaches a similar conclusion to the study conducted by Althnian [11], which mentioned that these applications lack the ability to lead users to financial wellness. The common features of these applications such as adding, modifying, and visualising transaction will be gathered, analysed, and transformed into the requirements of the proposed system. In summary, expert systems can be used in a wide area of application, especially in financial management. The main reason is that it can be used to solve problems related to control, simulation, selection, design, prescription, diagnosis, planning, prediction, monitoring, and others [12]. The proposed system will focus on the area of personal financial planning due to the limited study in that domain. Personal finance management is an important domain researcher always overlook [6]. Apart from that, the problemsolving paradigm of the proposed expert system will be planning.  
   
  4 Methodology The research methodology used in a study is determined by the research objectives and the consideration by the researcher [17]. The mixed research approach, incorporating both qualitative and quantitative methods, will be employed in this study for data collection and analysis. The requirements will first be obtained through qualitative means such as observation and document analysis, followed by the creation of a prototype to demonstrate these requirements. The validity of the design will then be evaluated quantitatively. The study will adhere to the Design Science Research in Information Systems framework proposed by Vaishnavi & Kuechler [18], a widely adopted approach in various fields including computer science and engineering, as depicted in the accompanying Fig. 1.  
   
  248  
   
  B. C. C. Kit and N. F. A. Ghani  
   
  Fig. 1. Design Science Research (Vaishnavi & Kuechler, 2004)  
   
  The process of this study begins with identifying and defining a specific problem or opportunity in the field of information systems. The requirements and knowledge necessary for the proposed expert system prototype will also be identified, acquired, and stored in the decision table as a production rule in the knowledge base during this stage. Next, the context diagram, flow chart, and data flow diagrams will be employed to represent the requirements and develop a tentative design of the new system. This will be followed by developing a prototype that represents a portion of the system. Once the prototype is complete, the system will be evaluated by domain experts, which consist of one personal financial advisor, one credit analyst from the financial institutions and one educator with a strong background in finance using a survey questionnaire. The evaluation results will be tabulated and analysed using the arithmetic mean (M) and sample standard deviation (SD). In summary, objective (i) will be achieved during the suggestion phase, where suggestions and designs for the development of the system will be made. Objective (ii) will be achieved during the development phase, where the prototype system will be built based on the suggestions. Finally, objective (iii) will be achieved during the evaluation stage, where the system will be evaluated to determine its accuracy and validity.  
   
  5 Discussion The proposed system’s prototype has been successfully developed to showcase its design and give users an idea of how the system will operate. To ensure that reviewers can clearly understand the design of the system, a medium-fidelity prototype will be used to illustrate the system. A medium-fidelity prototype falls between low and high-fidelity prototypes. It allows users to interact with limited functionality, is cheap to develop, and provides a clear overview of the system design to the users. The prototype was created using the Python programming language, with an SQLite database, and a Tkinter interface. Figure 2 shows the context diagram of the proposed system.  
   
  Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management  
   
  249  
   
  Fig. 2. Context Diagram of PFMES  
   
  The user will input their financial transactions and financial goals to the system. The system will track and analyse their financial transactions. The system will also produce a financial report and visualise it through various graphs. The system will give the student recommendations based on the analysis and financial report results. Additionally, the financial planner can update some emerging financial analysis methods to the system in the future. 5.1 System Module The system consists of three modules: tracking module, analysis module and recommendation module, as shown in Fig. 3.  
   
  Fig. 3. System Module of PFMES  
   
  First, the tracking module tracks and stores users’ financial activity, enabling them to enter and view transactions over a customized period. In addition, it helps users become aware of how much they earn and spend over a specific period. Next, the analysis module aims to help users understand their financial behaviours by providing analysis and insights into their finances. It allows users to categorise and visualise their financial transactions through various types of charts. Lastly, the recommendation module is the core of the proposed system. It is designed to give users practical advice by analysing their financial data and offering customised recommendations using the rule sets stored in the knowledge base. It consists of two sub-modules: savings advice and spending advice.  
   
  250  
   
  B. C. C. Kit and N. F. A. Ghani  
   
  5.2 System Architecture  
   
  Fig. 4. System Architecture of PFMES  
   
  Figure 4 shows the four main components of the proposed expert system: system interface, working memory, inference engine, and knowledge base. The working memory stores relevant facts and intermediate results required for operating the system’s rules. It holds all the information necessary to solve problems and make logical inferences based on the rules or knowledge stored in the knowledge base. The inference engine produces the consultation outcome by using the facts in the working memory and domain knowledge base to derive new information. It analyses the facts to come up with a solution. The knowledge base is a crucial component of the expert system, containing a set of rules and facts needed for problem-solving or generating solutions. For this study, the knowledge is extracted from previous research and stored as production rules in a decision table [11]. Finally, the interface is a graphical component that allows users to interact with the system by inputting data and viewing important information. To demonstrate the capabilities of the personal financial management expert system (PFMES), this article presents a case scenario of Tim, a 27-year-old civil engineer with a monthly income of RM 3,500. Tim’s goal is to save RM 1 million for retirement at age 55, but he’s unsure whether his plan is feasible. Currently, he’s using a traditional method to record his financial transactions, and the application only allows him to view a summary report of his total net worth. Therefore, Tim has decided to switch to the proposed PFMES. To get started, he must log in to the system through the login interface depicted in Fig. 5. Since the personal financial data is sensitive, the system will encrypt the information and only allow authorised users with valid login credentials to access it.  
   
  Fig. 5. Login Page of PFMES  
   
  Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management  
   
  251  
   
  After logged in, Tim can set his desired savings amount and timeline, as illustrated in Fig. 6. He aims to save RM 1 million by the time he reaches 55 years old, which will be in 28 years or 336 months (28 years x 12).  
   
  Fig. 6. Goal Setting Page of PFMES  
   
  Once Tim has set his savings target, the system enables him to record or modify his financial transactions by displaying the income record screen from the tracking module, as shown in Fig. 7. He can easily switch to other screens by clicking on the navigation buttons located at the top of the screen.  
   
  Fig. 7. Record Income Page of PFMES  
   
  After Tim records his financial transactions, the system enables him to sort and visualise his financial data using various charts through the analysis module. As an example, Fig. 8 shows the pie chart of Tim’s expenditure categories in 2023. Figure 9 displays the visualisation of Tim’s expenditures using a bar chart for the year 2022. Additionally, the system will calculate the average expenditure for each transaction. Furthermore, the analysis module of the system will summarise Tim’s financial data and enable him to view his personal financial report, as illustrated in Fig. 10.  
   
  252  
   
  B. C. C. Kit and N. F. A. Ghani  
   
  Fig. 8. Pie Chart of PFMES  
   
  Fig. 9. Bar Chart of PFMES  
   
  Fig. 10. View Report Page of PFMES  
   
  Finally, Tim can seek advice from the system to help him make informed decisions about his finances, as shown in Fig. 11. The system informs Tim that his current saving goals are not feasible and suggests that he increase the duration to 415 months. Alternatively, it recommends that he save up to RM809,759 over the course of 55 years based on his current spending habits. Additionally, Tim’s variance is desirable because his actual expenditure is lower than his planned expenditure, and he has no overspending alerts. In  
   
  Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management  
   
  253  
   
  addition, Tim can ask the system whether he should purchase a new gaming laptop for entertainment that costs RM2,200, despite not really needing it. After analysing Tim’s current financial situation, the system advises against the purchase, explaining that it is not worth the expense.  
   
  Fig. 11. Financial Advice Page of PFMES  
   
  6 Results In this section, the evaluation of the developed prototype is discussed. The assessment was conducted after the prototype was created to determine the system’s accuracy and validity. The evaluation will be conducted by three domain experts (N = 3) with a strong finance background using a survey questionnaire. Moreover, they are also existing user of the current personal finance application. This study will adapt the extension of TAM proposed by Tella & Olasina [19] in the questionnaire and used to evaluate the system. The survey questions were assessed using a Likert scale that spanned from 1 to 5, where 1 corresponded to a strong disagreement and 5 indicated a strong agreement. Every participant was given a brief description of the system’s functionalities along with a demonstration of the prototype. Furthermore, they were given the opportunity to ask questions and interact with the prototype before completing the questionnaire to provide their perceptions. The findings of the evaluation, specifically on the Perceived Usefulness aspect, are presented in Table 2. Based on the result, the respondents think that the system would help them achieve their financial goals (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58) and implement their financial plan (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58). They also think the prototype would be useful for managing their finances (M = 3.67 and SD = 1.15). Next, the system would help them to follow their budget (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58) and improve their financial performance (M = 4.00 and SD = 1.00). Finally, the system would enhance their effectiveness in managing finance (M = 3.67 and SD = 1.53). Based on Table 3, the respondents think the system is easy to use (M = 3.67 and SD = 0.58) and can use the system without written instruction (M = 4.00 and SD =  
   
  254  
   
  B. C. C. Kit and N. F. A. Ghani Table 2. Evaluation on Perceived Usefulness  
   
  Questions  
   
  Mean (M)  
   
  Standard Deviation (SD)  
   
  Using the system would help me to achieve my financial goals  
   
  4.33  
   
  0.58  
   
  Using the system would help me implement my financial plan  
   
  4.33  
   
  0.58  
   
  The system would be useful for managing my personal finance  
   
  3.67  
   
  1.15  
   
  The system would help me follow my budget  
   
  4.33  
   
  0.58  
   
  The system would help me improve my personal financial performance  
   
  4.00  
   
  1.00  
   
  The system would enhance my effectiveness in managing my personal finance  
   
  3.67  
   
  1.53  
   
  Table 3. Perceived Ease of Use Questions  
   
  Mean (M)  
   
  The system is easy to use  
   
  Standard Deviation (SD)  
   
  3.67  
   
  0.58  
   
  I can use the system without written instruction 4.00  
   
  1.00  
   
  My interaction with the system is clear and straightforward  
   
  4.33  
   
  0.58  
   
  Using the system requires little mental effort  
   
  3.33  
   
  1.15  
   
  I did not notice any inconsistencies when I use the system  
   
  3.00  
   
  1.73  
   
  I can use the system successfully every time  
   
  4.00  
   
  0.00  
   
  1.00). They also agree that their interaction with the system is clear and straightforward (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58) and using the system requires little mental effort (M = 3.33 and SD = 1.15). However, respondents expressed uncertainty about the consistency of the prototype (M = 3.00 and SD = 1.73). Finally, they can use the system successfully every time (M = 4.00 and SD = 0.00). Based on Table 4, the respondents think that the system saves time and effort (M = 4.00 and SD = 1.00). Next, they agree that the system can help them understand their spending habits and make more informed financial decisions (M = 4.67 and SD = 0.58). Finally, the respondents think that receiving advice through the system has been a pleasant experience (M = 4.00 and SD = 1.00). Based on Table 5, the respondents would like the system to be adopted daily (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58). Next, they agree that the system is appealing (M = 3.67and SD = 1.15). Finally, they think replacing traditional financial management methods with the proposed system is a welcome idea (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58).  
   
  Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management  
   
  255  
   
  Table 4. Perceived Benefits Questions  
   
  Mean (M) Standard Deviation (SD)  
   
  The system saves time and effort  
   
  4.00  
   
  1.00  
   
  The system can help me understand my spending habits 4.67 and make more informed financial decisions  
   
  0.58  
   
  Receiving advice through the system has been a pleasant experience  
   
  1.00  
   
  4.00  
   
  Table 5. Evaluation on Attitude Towards Use Questions  
   
  Mean (M)  
   
  Standard Deviation (SD)  
   
  I like the system being adopted in daily life  
   
  4.33  
   
  0.58  
   
  The system is appealing  
   
  3.67  
   
  1.15  
   
  Replacing traditional financial management methods with the proposed system is a welcome idea  
   
  4.33  
   
  0.58  
   
  Table 6. Evaluation on Perceived Satisfaction Questions  
   
  Mean (M) Standard Deviation (SD)  
   
  I’m satisfied with the guidance provided by the system  
   
  4.00  
   
  1.00  
   
  I’m satisfied with the feedback provided by the system  
   
  4.33  
   
  0.58  
   
  I’m satisfied with the proposed system to be used in the 4.00 future  
   
  1.00  
   
  Based on Table 6, the respondents are satisfied with the guidance provided by the system (M = 4.00 and SD = 1.00). Next, they were also satisfied with the feedback provided by the system (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58). Finally, they are satisfied with the proposed system to be used in the future (M = 4.00 and SD = 1.00). Table 7. Evaluation on Actual Use Questions  
   
  Mean (M) Standard Deviation (SD)  
   
  I received a spending alert from the system  
   
  4.33  
   
  0.58  
   
  I will use the proposed system every day  
   
  4.33  
   
  0.58  
   
  The system would come to stay as a tool for managing 4.33 financial transactions and budgeting  
   
  0.58  
   
  256  
   
  B. C. C. Kit and N. F. A. Ghani  
   
  Based on Table 7, the respondents received the spending alert from the system (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58). Next, they agree that they will use the system every day (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58). Finally, the system would come to stay as a tool for man-aging financial transactions and budgeting (M = 4.33 and SD = 0.58). Table 8. Evaluation on System Continuance Intention Questions  
   
  Mean (M)  
   
  Standard Deviation (SD)  
   
  I expect that, the use of the proposed system should continue  
   
  4.67  
   
  0.58  
   
  No matter what, I will support continued usage of the proposed system  
   
  4.00  
   
  1.00  
   
  I plan on using the proposed system on a regular basis 4.00 in the future  
   
  1.00  
   
  Based on Table 8, the respondent expects the proposed system’s use should continue (M = 4.67 and SD = 0.58). Next, the respondent will also support the continued usage of the proposed system (M = 4.00 and SD = 1.00). Finally, the respondent plan to use the proposed system on a regular basis in the future (M = 4.00 and SD = 1.00).  
   
  7 Conclusion This study proposes a design for a personal financial management system that utilises rule-based expert system techniques from artificial intelligence to help users achieve their financial goals by providing practical recommendations. This study’s initial step involved identifying the requirements for the proposed system. Subsequently, a prototype was developed to illustrate the system design. Three domain experts will further evaluate the system design to ensure its validity and accuracy. The respondents are satisfied with it. The system offers an enhancement compared to current systems because it can offer insightful financial recommendations to users using the rulesets stored in the knowledge base. In addition, the guidance provided by the system can assist users in improving their financial planning skills and performance. This study can also serve as a reference for other researchers who aim to build similar systems in the future and provides insight into the key features that should be incorporated to enhance the long-term success of such software systems. However, the scope of the current system is limited to the financial planning aspect of personal finance. In the future, there is potential for the system to expand to include other areas such as insurance, investment, banking, and taxes. Additionally, the system prototype is only built for desktop usage, but the future system can cover other platforms and utilize the latest technologies, such as web and mobile versions. Furthermore, the present system only covers rulesets for saving and spending advice. The system can be expanded to include more advanced rulesets for financial planning or forecasting techniques in the knowledge base. This can involve more areas of expertise from domain experts.  
   
  Designing an Expert System for Personal Financial Management  
   
  257  
   
  Additionally, the current system is only evaluated by domain experts, but the future system can involve existing users and cover a larger number of samples. Finally, the current study only utilises rule-based expert system techniques from artificial intelligence. Nevertheless, the future system can include other techniques such as machine learning, deep learning, and natural language processing.  
   
  References 1. Priantinah, D., Aisyah, M.N., Nurim, Y.: The analysis of technology acceptance model (TAM) for personal financial management on mobile application technology, vol. 86, pp. 262–266 (2019). https://doi.org/10.2991/icobame-18.2019.56 2. Munohsamy, T.: Thulasimani munohsamy institut teknologi brunei synopsis. Pers. Financ. Manag. 1–14 (2015) 3. Muske, G., Winter, M.: Personal financial management education: an alternative paradigm. J. Financ. Couns. Plan. 15, 79–88 (2004) 4. Hokin, B.: Personal Finance problems. https://www.streetdirectory.com/travel_guide/166 363/finance/personal_finance_problems.htm 5. Vasyliuk, A., Basyuk, T.: Peculiarities of building a personal finance management system. In: CEUR Workshop Proceedings, vol. 3171, pp. 1520–1530 (2022) 6. Vahidov, R., He, X.: Situated DSS for personal finance management: design and evaluation. Inf. Manag. 46, 453–462 (2009). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.im.2009.06.007 7. Lewis, M., Perry, M.: Follow the money: Managing personal finance digitally. Conf. Hum. Factors Comput. Syst. - Proc. 1–14 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300620 8. Huy, B.: Android Application for Students’ Personal Finances (2020) 9. Xie, Y.: The design and implementation of personal finance management system based on android. In: Proceedings of the 2015 5th International Conference on Computer Sciences and Automation Engineering, vol. 42, pp. 633–636 (2016). https://doi.org/10.2991/iccsae-15.201 6.118 10. Kozhevnikov, V.A., Slupko, N.M., Sergeev, A.V.: Design and development of personal finance management system. ISJ Theor. Appl. Sci. 6, 110–115 (2019). https://doi.org/10.15863/TAS 11. Althnian, A.: Design of a rule-based personal finance management system based on financial well-being. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. Appl. 12, 182–187 (2021). https://doi.org/10.14569/IJA CSA.2021.0120122 12. Himeda, H., Nafed, M.: Web based expert system for i-faraid web based expert system for i-Faraid (2009) 13. Khalid Al-Bakoaa, A.R., Hasoon, S.O.: Design Expert system for auditing financial accounts. Tech. Bus. Manag. 2, 45–53 (2022). https://doi.org/10.47577/business.v2i1.6141 14. Jackson, P.: Introduction to expert systems (1986) 15. Riley, G., Joseph, C.G.: Expert systems: principles and programming. Thomson Course Technol. (2005) 16. Holsapple, C.W., Tam, K.Y., Andrew, B.W.: Adapting expert system technology to financial management. Financ. Manag. 12–22 (1988) 17. Abdullahi, H.: Requirement model of school management system for adult, pp. 8–9 (2011) 18. Vaishnavi, V., Kuechler, B.: Design science research in information systems. Assoc. Inf. Syst. (2004) 19. Tella, A., Olasina, G.: Predicting users’ continuance intention toward e-payment system: an extension of the technology acceptance model. Int. J. Inf. Syst. Soc. Chang. 5, 47–67 (2014)  
   
  Improving Rice Yield Prediction Accuracy Using Regression Models with Climate Data Mohamad Farhan Mohamad Mohsin1(B) , Muhammad Khalifa Umana1 , Mohamad Ghozali Hassan2 , Kamal Imran Mohd Sharif2 , Mohd Azril Ismail2 Khazainani Salleh3 , Suhaili Mohd Zahari3 , Mimi Adilla Sarmani3 , and Neil Gordon4  
   
  ,  
   
  1 School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  [email protected]   
   
  2 School of Technology Management and Logistics, Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok,  
   
  Kedah, Malaysia 3 National Climate Center, Malaysian Meteorological Department, 46667 Petaling Jaya,  
   
  Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia 4 Computer Science, University of Hull, Hull, UK  
   
  Abstract. Rice production is critical to food security, and accurate yield predictions are required for planning and decision-making. However, precisely predicting rice yields using machine learning models can be difficult due to the complicated interactions of various factors, such as how climate affects rice production. This study sought to solve this rice production is critical to food security, and accurate yield predictions are required for planning and decision-making. However, accurately predicting rice yields using machine learning models can be difficult due to the complicated interactions of various factors, such as how climate affects rice production. This study aims to address this issue by investigating how climate data affect Malaysian rice yield prediction models. The study used a linear regression model trained on rice production data and compared its performance with models incorporating climate data. Both datasets covered the period from 2010 to 2021 in Malaysia. The study found that including climate data significantly improved the prediction accuracy, with an approximately 77% improvement in MAE and 69% in RMSE. The results suggest that incorporating climate data into yield prediction models is essential for accurate and reliable predictions. These findings have important implications for stakeholders in the agricultural industry who can use accurate yield predictions to make informed decisions. However, the study’s limitations include using a single predictive model and data from a single country, suggesting the need for future studies to explore other machine learning algorithms and expand the scope of the research to other regions. Overall, this study contributes to the growing body of literature on the impact of climate data on yield prediction models and highlights the importance of considering climate data in agricultural decision-making. Keywords: Rice production · Climate data · Machine learning · Crop yield prediction · Linear regression  
   
  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 258–267, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_20  
   
  Improving Rice Yield Prediction Accuracy  
   
  259  
   
  1 Introduction Rice is a staple food for many people worldwide, including Malaysians. Meeting domestic rice demand is difficult because of distracting variables such as rising population, changes in land use, soil quality, weather patterns, plantation diseases, and restricted access to innovation, technologies, and resources [2, 3]. A reliable system for forecasting future rice yield is required to achieve food security. However, because of the variability of the factors influencing rice output, developing a one-size-fits-all forecasting model is difficult. Moreover, the conventional practice often relies on historical data and expert recommendations and may not consider all factors influencing rice production in forecasting rice yields [17]. To overcome these challenges, machine learning approaches appear as recent alternatives to build prediction models for crop yields. It has a wider ability to capture complex relationships between various characteristics and may incorporate massive amounts of data, such as climate data. However, further study is needed in Malaysia on the utility of integrating weather-related information into machine learning models for rice crop prediction. In recent years, there has been a rise in interest in using machine learning approaches to create prediction models for crop output [2–4] and examine the influence of climate on agricultural productivity. Due to the continuous interaction of various variables impacting rice production, predicting rice yields using machine learning models can be challenging. Climate is one of the impacting factors in agriculture, including rice. A previous study has revealed that climatic conditions influence rice production in Malaysia [2, 3]. However, it is unclear how much climatic data can increase the accuracy of rice crop estimates in Malaysia. This study investigates the effectiveness of including climate data in predicting rice production in Malaysia using linear regression. Our hypothesis was that including climate data in the prediction model could increase the accuracy of rice yield estimation in Malaysia, as climate is crucial to rice production. This study aims to provide insights into the possible benefits of integrating climate data for rice production prediction in Malaysia by including it in a regression model. In relation to this, the yearly rice yield information, as well as season indicators for the main and secondary plantation seasons of 10 years from states in Malaysia, were employed in the modeling. In addition, climatic data as predictors such as wind speed, temperature, humidity, and rainfall were also included in the model. This study is organized as follows: a complete overview of related studies, methodology, findings, and a discussion of the research’s significance for agricultural practices and future research in Malaysia. The study is expected to contribute to the growing body of literature on the impact of climate change on agriculture in Malaysia, as well as give important insights for policymakers and farmers in this country.  
   
  2 Related Work Agriculture plays a crucial role in many countries, providing food and employment opportunities for millions of people. Accurate crop yield prediction is essential for farmers, policymakers, and other stakeholders because it can drive agricultural production,  
   
  260  
   
  M. F. Mohamad Mohsin et al.  
   
  distribution, and pricing decisions. Traditional approaches to yield prediction have relied on statistical models and expert knowledge. However, recent advances in machine learning and data science have led to the development of more accurate predictive models for crop yields [5]. Rice yield prediction models can be modeled based on three approaches that are mechanistic, statistical/machine learning, and deep learning-based [19]. Regression modeling is a popular technique under statistical machine learning models for developing predictive models in agriculture. Regression models aim to establish a relationship between a dependent variable (in this case, crop yield) and one or more independent variables (such as climate data, soil quality, and agricultural practices). Regression models can be simple or complex, depending on the number and type of independent variables used. The quality of the data and the correlation among the variables used to generate the model might have an impact on regression performance. [6]. There has been growing interest in using regression models to predict crop yields with climate data recently. Climate factors such as temperature, humidity, rainfall, and wind speed are essential predictors of crop yields in many regions [7]. By incorporating climate data into regression models, researchers have developed more accurate and reliable predictions of crop yields [2, 3]. [18] replicated factors influencing rice production by combining typical independent variables such as temperature, precipitation, sunlight hours, and relative humidity to develop a deep learning-based rice yield forecast model. Other rice yield prediction models based on deep learning can be seen in [19]. In Malaysia, machine learning in combination with climatic data has proved very useful for predicting rice yields. As a staple crop, thus forecasting rice harvests is critical for guaranteeing food security and economic stability [1]. In Malaysia, researchers discovered that adding climate data into regression models may greatly increase the accuracy of rice yield predictions [2, 3]. Because climate involves many types of predictors, an experiment using a different climate predictor may yield a different result. This study emphasizes the need of using climate variables when developing forecast models for rice yields in Malaysia. To summaries, regression modeling and the integration of climate information are important input for predicting crop yields in agriculture. Regression models may be used to create correlations between dependent and independent variables, and using climate data as an independent variable can enhance forecast accuracy. In the context of rice production prediction in Malaysia, adding climate data has shown to be a significant method for boosting forecast accuracy and guaranteeing food security in the country.  
   
  3 Methodology This study’s methodology section focuses on predicting rice yields in Malaysia using regression modelling techniques, with a particular emphasis on the role of climate data in this process. We employed a series of steps to achieve this, including data collection and analysis, data preparation, and regression modelling. Figure 1 provides a flowchart of these steps and their interconnectedness in the overall process.  
   
  Improving Rice Yield Prediction Accuracy  
   
  261  
   
  Fig. 1. Flowchart of the steps involved in predicting rice yields using regression modelling and climate data in Malaysia  
   
  3.1 Data Collection and Analysis There are two types of datasets used in this study; firstly, the climate dataset and secondly, rice production data. Both datasets were contributed by different agencies and were merged for mining. The Malaysian Meteorological Department took the climate data used in this study. It consists of four numerical variables: wind speed, temperature, humidity, and rainfall. These data were collected from 2010 to 2021 for each month and are available for all states in Malaysia. These variables are essential in the study of agriculture as they affect plant growth and development, particularly in the case of rice. The suitability of these data for the study of agriculture has been shown in previous studies [2, 3]. The Department of Statistics Malaysia provided the rice production data. This dataset was explained by three numerical variables that are rice yield, parcel area, and planted area. In addition, the data includes categorical variables such as the state of Malaysia, year, and season indicators. The rice yield data are reported annually for each state in Malaysia, with a range of values from 1.48 to 6.56 tons per hectare between 2011 and 2021. The parcel area represents the land used for rice cultivation, while the planted area represents the area where the rice crop is planted. These variables are necessary for prediction because they represent information on the quantity of land utilized for rice cultivation, which directly impacts yield. Adding categorical variables, including state, year, and season indicators, allows for examining how these variables impact the rice production forecast. 3.2 Data Preparation The data preparation stage is an important phase in data analytic studies since it includes transforming the raw data into a suitable format for mining. Several types of data preparation approaches were employed in this work to ensure the quality and accuracy of the data used in constructing the prediction model using regression. The data preparation has six tasks that involve missing data imputation, data transformation, data combining/merging, data scaling, one hot encoding, and data splitting. The flowchart in Fig. 2 depicts the order of these processes and how they are linked in the entire data preparation process. The first task in data preprocessing is to solve the missing value problem. This problem is a common issue when using climate data for regression. Several reasons contribute to missing data, such as equipment failure or human error. Imputation is often used to fill in missing data to ensure the models are as accurate as possible. To estimate the missing value, a common imputation approach is to use the average value of the same month in the year before and after, as shown in Eq. (1). This solution can produce more accurate imputations than the overall average of accessible data [8–10].  
   
  262  
   
  M. F. Mohamad Mohsin et al.  
   
  Fig. 2. Data preparation process for rice yields prediction system  
   
  While there are various ways of imputation, such as interpolation or machine learning algorithms, utilizing the average of the same month in the previous and subsequent years is a straightforward and effective strategy that may be used in several circumstances. Climatey =  
   
  Climatey−1 + Climatey+1 2  
   
  (1)  
   
  Another imputation method that can be used to replace mining values is by taking the average of the previous and next month’s data or values from the same month in the previous and succeeding years also can be used as an imputation method. It is shown in Eq. (2). This approach has the advantage of identifying inter-monthly variability in weather patterns and can reduce the impact of seasonal trends. Although it provides precise and detailed missing value estimation, it relies on more data and calculations [11]. The study used the first approach as the imputation method. Climatem =  
   
  Climatem−1 + Climatem+1 2  
   
  (2)  
   
  The dataset was transferred into a yearly-based form to reduce the impact of outliers and obtain a more stable representation of the climate variables for each year. The transformed value is taken from the median of each year because the median is more robust to outliers. Aggregating monthly data into yearly data for climate variables has been widely implemented in agriculture-related research [12–14]. Each climatic variable was transformed separately. At the end of the process, four additional variables were constructed each year, indicating the median wind speed, temperature, humidity, and rainfall. The climate data combines the production data using the states and year properties. Each state and year combination from the production data is merged with the corresponding climate data using the same properties. This process ensures that the climate data is aligned with the correct production data and can be used to accurately train and evaluate the regression models. The combined dataset is then used as the input for the regression models, aiming to predict the rice yield based on the climate properties. This approach allows for a more comprehensive analysis of the factors affecting rice yield. Besides that, the outcome can potentially provide insights into how climate properties can be managed to improve yield. One of the requirements for a regression model’s performance is that the dataset be produced in a specified scaled format. Numerical features were normalized using  
   
  Improving Rice Yield Prediction Accuracy  
   
  263  
   
  the Scikit-learn library’s MinMaxScaler [15]. Normalization is a standard data transformation technique that scales numerical data to a fixed range (often between 0 and 1) to guarantee that each feature is given equal weight during model training. Meanwhile, the values of categorical features were converted to binary representation using a one-hot encoding method with the Pandas and Scikit-learn libraries [15, 16]. Categorical variables are converted into binary vectors via one-hot encoding, with each category represented by its own binary feature. This method avoids the model assuming any ordinal link between the categories and ensures that each category is addressed independently during model training. The final step in data preparation for modeling is to divide the data into training and testing folds. This work separated the dataset into train and test sections in a 70:30 ratio. 3.3 Regression Modeling The final step of the study is modelling. It involves the construction of a prediction model. This research employed multiple linear regression modelling to predict rice yield based on the provided data. For modeling, rice yield (state, year, season indicator, yield volume) and climate information wind speed, temperature, humidity, rainfall) were fed to a regression algorithm. Regression modelling aims to establish an association function between the dependent variable (yield volume) and the independent variables (climate data and rice yield information) and use these associations to produce accurate predictions. The model’s performance was assessed using mean absolute error (MAE) and root mean squared error (RMSE). By comparing the performance of the two models, it is possible to learn that including climate data in the regression model enhances its predicted accuracy. Figure 3 depicts the rice yields prediction model for this study.  
   
  Fig. 3. Rice yields a prediction model based on multiple linear regression.  
   
  The improvement in prediction accuracy in a model can be quantified by comparing the model’s error metrics before and after a modification or improvement is made. The Mean Absolute Error (MAE) and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) are commonly used  
   
  264  
   
  M. F. Mohamad Mohsin et al.  
   
  error metrics for regression models. The percentage improvement in these metrics can be calculated using the following Eq. (3). improvement(%) =  
   
  (PreviousError − UpdatedError) 100% PreviousError  
   
  (3)  
   
  4 Results This section outlines the study’s findings. The aim is to reveal the impact of climate data on rice yield prediction in Malaysia using machine learning models. The experiment was divided into two stages. In the first stage, model performance is evaluated using only production data. In the second stage, models trained on both production and climatic data are evaluated. The mean absolute error (MAE) and root mean squared error (RMSE) were computed on the test set during the experiment. Both evolution metrics measure the prediction model’s accuracy in predicting future rice yield. Lower error rates indicate a better model. The findings offer insights into the potential advantages of using climate data in rice yield prediction models and help instruct policymakers and farmers on better crop management techniques in the face of climate change. Table 1 depicts the rice yield prediction result using regression analysis. Table 1. Performance metrics for rice yield prediction model Metrics  
   
  Production data only  
   
  Production and climate data  
   
  Improvements%  
   
  MAE  
   
  44612.60  
   
  10125.25  
   
  77.30  
   
  RMSE  
   
  58770.61  
   
  18059.56  
   
  69.27  
   
  The combination of climatic data in the prediction model enhanced the accuracy of the predicted rice yield significantly. The mean absolute error (MAE) decreased from 44,612.60 in the model that only used production data to 10,125.25 when climate data was incorporated. This represents a 77.30% decrease in MAE. Similarly, the root mean squared error (RMSE) decreased from 58,770.61 to 18,059.56, resulting in a 69.27% decrease in RMSE. These results demonstrate the importance of considering climate factors in predicting rice yield, as they can significantly improve the model’s accuracy. From the regression analysis, it can draw insights into how climatic data are used to forecast rice yields in the Malaysian states of Johor and Pahang. Figure 4 demonstrates how including climate data considerably increased the regression model’s accuracy, with the resulting regression line closely resembling the real data. However, the prediction without climatic data showed a significant offset from the actual data, with a difference of over 50,000. According to our study findings, climate factors like temperature and precipitation are critical in affecting rice yields in these states. Furthermore, our results demonstrate that the trend of rice production in Johor and Pahang is decreasing, albeit with varying degrees of decline. Specifically, the regression model for Johor predicts a decrease of approximately 14,000 metric tons of rice per year. In comparison, the  
   
  Improving Rice Yield Prediction Accuracy  
   
  265  
   
  Fig. 4. Comparison of Rice Yield Predictions with and without Climate Data in Johor/Pahang, Malaysia.  
   
  regression model for Pahang predicts a reduction of roughly 29,000 metric tons of rice per year. This suggests that rice production in both states faces significant challenges, and urgent measures are needed to address this issue. These findings have important implications for policymakers and stakeholders, providing crucial information for designing effective strategies to improve rice production in these states. For instance, policymakers can focus on addressing the underlying factors contributing to the decline in rice production, such as changes in climate patterns and soil degradation. Furthermore, stakeholders can use these findings to develop more effective agricultural practices, such as using climate-resilient rice varieties and efficient irrigation systems.  
   
  266  
   
  M. F. Mohamad Mohsin et al.  
   
  In summary, our results demonstrate the importance of climate data in predicting rice yields in Malaysia and provide valuable insights into the trend of rice production in Johor and Pahang. These findings can inform evidence-based policymaking and stakeholders with the goal of increasing rice production and ensuring food security in the country.  
   
  5 Conclusion and Future Work This work examines the impact of climate information on rice production forecasting in Malaysia. The reduction in MAE and RMSE by 77% and 69% demonstrated that incorporating climatic data greatly enhanced the model’s accuracy. This shows that using climate data to improve the precision of models anticipating rice output could have significant ramifications for anyone involved in the agricultural sector, including farmers, decision-makers, and food distributors. It is important to acknowledge the limitations of this study. Firstly, the study’s prediction model was limited to linear regression. Future research can investigate other machine learning techniques, such as random forests or neural networks, to further boost the model’s accuracy. Second, Malaysia was the only nation using data in the study. To evaluate the generalizability of the findings, future studies can broaden the scope of the research to include other countries. Finally, because the study only included data from 2010–2021, it is possible that it did not fully account for the spectrum of climate variability that can affect rice production. Long-term studies that span a broader period may offer a more thorough understanding. One of the potential improvements in future work is to employ advanced machine learning algorithms and experiment with other relevant variables that may affect rice production. For example, the soil types, irrigation systems, and insect control strategies that could affect rice production can be explored. The analysis can potentially be broadened by including data from other areas to examine if the association between climate change and rice production is consistent across different regions. Another set of data points that can improve model accuracy and provide insight into the factors influencing rice production can be considered, such as socioeconomic characteristics, market prices, and governmental policies. Acknowledgment. The authors of this article gratefully acknowledge the support provided by the Ministry of Higher Education (MoHE) through the Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (Ref: FRGS/1/2021/SS02/UUM/02/1 (S/O Code: 20107)). However, the views expressed in this article are those of the authors alone and do not necessarily reflect the official position of the MoHE, Malaysia.  
   
  References 1. Fatah, F.A.: Competitiveness and efficiency of rice production in Malaysia. Dissertation. Georg-August-University Göttingen (2017) 2. Vaghefi, N., Shamsudin, M.N., Radam, A., Rahim, K.A.: Impact of climate change on rice yield in the main rice growing areas of peninsular Malaysia. Res. J. Environ. Sci. 7, 59–67 (2013)  
   
  Improving Rice Yield Prediction Accuracy  
   
  267  
   
  3. Tan, B.T., Fam, P.S., Firdaus, R.B.R., et. al.: Impact of climate change on rice yield in Malaysia: a panel data analysis. Agriculture 11569 (2021) 4. Sarr, A.B., Sultan, B.: Predicting crop yields in Senegal using machine learning methods. Int. J. Climatol. 43, 1817–1838 (2023) 5. Lobell, D.B.: The use of satellite data for crop yield gap analysis. Field Crops Res. 143, 56–64 (2013) 6. Montgomery, D.C., Peck, E.A., Vining, G.G.: Introduction to Linear Regression Analysis. Wiley, Hoboken (2021) 7. Ray, D.K., Ramankutty, N., Mueller, N.D., Paul, C.W., Jonathan, A.F.: Recent patterns of crop yield growth and stagnation. Nat. Commun. 3(1293) (2012) 8. Oriani, F., Stisen, S., Demirel, M.C., Mariethoz, G.: Missing data imputation for multisite rainfall networks: a comparison between geostatistical interpolation and pattern-based estimation on different terrain types. J. Hydrometeorol. 21, 2325–2341 (2020) 9. Junninen, H., Niska, H., Tuppurainen, K., Juhani, R., Mikko, K.: Methods for imputation of missing values in air quality data sets. Atmos. Environ. 38(18), 2895–2907 (2004) 10. Nguyen, V.-H., et al.: Deep learning models for forecasting dengue fever based on climate data in Vietnam. PLoS Negl. Trop. Dis. 16(6), e0010509 (2022) 11. Fassò, A., Rodeschini, J., Moro, A.F., et al.: Agrimonia: a dataset on livestock, meteorology and air quality in the Lombardy region, Italy. Sci. Data 10(143) (2023) 12. Rossi, D., Mascolo, A., Mancini, S., et al.: Modelling and forecast of air pollution concentrations during COVID pandemic emergency with ARIMA techniques: the case study of two italian cities. WSEAS Trans. Environ. Dev. 19, 151–162 (2023) 13. Toma, M.B., Belete, M.D., Ulsido, M.D.: Trends in climatic and hydrological parameters in the Ajora-Woybo watershed, Omo-Gibe River basin, Ethiopia. SN Appl. Sci. 5(45) (2023) 14. Boomgard-Zagrodnik, J.P., Brown, D.J.: Machine learning imputation of missing Mesonet temperature observations. Comput. Electron. Agric. 192, 106580 (2022) 15. Pedregosa, F., Varoquaux, G., Gramfort, A., et al.: Scikit-learn: machine learning in Python. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 12, 2825–2830 (2011) 16. McKinney, W.: Pandas: a foundational Python library for data analysis and statistics. Python High Perform. Sci. Comput. 14(9) (2011) 17. Sujarwo, A.N., Putra, R.A., Setyawan, H.M.T., Khumairoh, U.: Forecasting rice status for a food crisis early warning system based on satellite imagery and cellular automata in Malang, Indonesia. Sustainability 14(15), 8972 (2022) 18. Ni, T., Han, X., Liu, F., He, X., Ling, F.: Research on rice yield prediction model based on deep learning. Comput. Intell. Neurosci. 1922561 (2022) 19. Chu, T., Yu, J.: An end-to-end model for rice yield prediction using deep learning fusion. Comput. Electron. Agric. 174, 105471 (2020)  
   
  The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women in E-Hailing Apps Adoption Karrar Ali Abdullah and Musyrifah Mahmod(B) Human-Centered Computing Lab, School of Computing, Universiti Utara Malaysia, UUM, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. The gig economy has paved the way for sharing economy growth especially e-hailing applications, as more women turn to e-hailing applications for convenience in commuting and travelling. However, women are concerned about whether to trust or not to trust e-hailing applications due to the openness of their digital and spatial crowdsourcing nature. Additionally, the user’s locations are exposed to risks like stalking, identity theft, and physical safety, which can be extremely dangerous, especially for women. The paper begins by introducing the e-hailing industry and the gig economy. It then discusses women’s unique challenges in using e-hailing applications and their trust towards these platforms. This paper dives deep into the heart of the matter by employing a quantitative approach through the survey to investigate women’s trust in e-hailing apps using the UTAUT as the underpinning theory. The results show that e-hailing applications greatly influence women’s trust while puzzlingly having no significant impact on their trust towards e-hailing drivers. From eye-opening insights to practical recommendations, this study sheds light on the crucial role of trust in the sustainable growth of the e-hailing industry focusing on women. Keywords: Gig economy · E-hailing · Trust · Risk · UTAUT · women in sharing economy  
   
  1 Introduction The emergence of the gig economy within the sharing economy has transformed several industries, including transportation, by offering people flexible income options and consumers convenient and easily accessible services. Through the on-demand pairing of consumers with independent drivers, e-hailing services have significantly contributed to this changing scene, pushing customers to search for transportation in a short time and at a reasonable price, offering an efficient means of transportation [1]. E-hailing applications like Grab and Uber have emerged as prominent players in this landscape, transforming the way people access transportation services. While these platforms have opened up new opportunities for individuals, it is crucial to examine their influence through a gender lens, specifically focusing on women as users of e-hailing applications. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 268–281, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_21  
   
  The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women  
   
  269  
   
  Nowadays, e-hailing services are in great demand as they have many advantages from a consumer perspective [2]. E-hailing applications have provided women with greater mobility options, enabling them to navigate urban environments conveniently and safely. The e-hailing platforms provides transparent driver information and ease of requesting rides for women as alternatives to traditional taxis [3]. However, there are possibilities of risks involved such as physical safety like driver’s inappropriate behaviour [4], assaults and harassment in sharing rides services [5]. Thus, addressing women’s safety concerns is needed from both e-hailing companies and society. Companies must prioritize implementing strict policies and comprehensive training programs to foster a safe and respectful environment for passengers and drivers. Furthermore, data privacy concerns loom large in the digital era. E-hailing applications collect vast amounts of personal information from users, including location data, contact details, and transaction history. Women users, in particular, may be at risk of potential misuse or unauthorized access to their data [6]. The success of the E-hailing application is dependent upon the active participation of all customers, including women, who represent the target group selected for the current study. Likewise, customer trust has a major role in the success of applications, including E-hailing applications in particular, where trust is an attribute that develops over time due to customer interactions, and trust varies according to the application areas. For example, trust varies from the woman’s perspective [7]. In the online booking (E-hailing) application, privacy and security are two important factors for achieving trust. At the same time, there are negative factors affecting the success of E-hailing applications that can be identified by risks, including physical risks represented by sexual harassment, murder, kidnapping, and hate crimes, and the risks of hacking sensitive information of women by the platform itself, as it works through smart mobile phones and other devices that are often its security are weak and result in many risks [3, 8]. Most studies in this domain focus on the economic aspects and ignore the risks, despite various reported security incidents related to e-hailing applications like Uber, Grab, etc. [8]. Risks associated with e-hailing may influence women’s trust in e-hailing platforms. A useful theoretical framework for researching the adoption of technology, particularly e-hailing apps, is the Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT) by Venkatesh et al. [9] which help to provide a thorough understanding of users’ intention to embrace and use technology. It includes important constructs from multiple technology acceptance models. The relevance and applicability of UTAUT in predicting and explaining user acceptance of e-hailing services have been shown in studies such as in Liu et al. [10]. Thus, this article unpacks the relationship between women’s trust and the adoption of e-hailing applications through the lens of UTAUT theory.  
   
  2 Literature Review 2.1 E-Hailing The rise of the gig economy has shown significant adoption of digital technology such as e-hailing applications. E-hailing applications allow people to book rides services through mobile or internet-based applications at a specific time and at an appropriate price [2]. With the launch of an application-based electronic recall service, the public  
   
  270  
   
  K. A. Abdullah and M. Mahmod  
   
  transportation sector experienced a digital transition. Grab, Uber, Lyft, and Didi Chuxing are examples of mobile app-based e-hailing services that have seen significant growth due to the prevalence of smartphones [11]. The mobile application of the e-call service provider allowed customers to request transportation service and connect with the affiliate drivers closest to them (based on spatial location). Numerous organisations have implemented location-based services as an addedvalue offering [12]. Location-based service or spatial-based is an information system that uses the location of a mobile device over a mobile network. There were numerous methods to get location information, with the global positioning system being the most used (GPS). The location-based service allowed users to get information such as finding a person or object, navigating to a destination, searching for persons or locations, identifying a place or location, and seeing upcoming events. With the integration of a location-based system into e-hailing mobile applications, customers were able to access information on the location of available e-hailing drivers, the waiting time for a driver to pick them up, and the projected journey time from one area to another [2]. Globally, transportation services such as car-sharing, ride-sharing, and on-demand ride-sourcing are on the rise currently [10] despite the recurrence of hazards such as abduction, harassment, and rape concerning public transportation issues [13]. This problem has impacted public users since they could not adequately plan their journey. Nevertheless, users of e-hailing applications in Malaysia have access to a greater number of e-hailing application providers with cheap pricing, hence increasing competition and choice, which showed the decrement in conventional taxi usage. 2.2 Women Using E-Hailing The increasing popularity of e-hailing applications has attracted women users’ participation in the gig economy. Their attention was drawn to the factors that influence their adoption and trust in these platforms. Convenience, reliability, and improved safety measures have been identified as key drivers for women’s usage of e-hailing applications [37]. Tracking rides in real-time and accessing driver information provides a sense of security and control, enhancing women’s confidence in using these platforms [3]. However, concerns regarding data privacy and security risks using e-hailing platforms have also been highlighted in the literature [3]. Women users of e-hailing applications express apprehension regarding collecting and handling their personal data [5]. They value their privacy and expect transparency in how the platform uses and shares their information. Trust is essential for women to continue using e-hailing applications, and this trust is closely tied to perceived data privacy practices [4]. Companies that prioritize data protection and user consent and provide clear privacy policies are more likely to gain the trust of women users and retain their loyalty. While e-hailing applications offer convenience, safety concerns pose potential risks for women passengers. Harassment and assault have been reported, prompting the need for enhanced security measures [3]. Women’s experiences of personal security risks during rides can erode trust in the platform. To address these concerns, e-hailing companies have implemented safety features such as SOS buttons, in-app emergency support, and driver accountability measures [4]. E-hailing applications are concerned with the safety  
   
  The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women  
   
  271  
   
  of passengers and drivers first, which distinguishes e-hailing applications from the traditional taxi service. For example, for passenger safety, the Grab app has a “Share My Ride” feature that customers can tap to share their real-time tracking ride with family and friends as they tap into the cab. The emergency “Share My Ride” feature is useful for all passengers, women, or elderly people who rent a car on their own [12]. These efforts aimed to mitigate risks and provide women users with a secure and reliable transportation experience. 2.3 Trust Trust is a complex topic researched from numerous angles in various specialist domains [10, 14]. Trust is a quality that develops through time due to interactions between people [5]. Thus, trust is a critical factor influencing the adoption and continued usage of e-hailing services, encompassing both trust in the application itself and the trust developed during the ride experience. Trust in the e-hailing application primarily revolves around three key aspects: platform reliability, information transparency, and user interface design. Studies have shown that users value platforms that consistently deliver reliable service, ensuring timely arrivals, accurate fare estimates, and responsive customer support [10]. Transparency in terms of driver information, pricing details, and the handling of personal data also contributes to users’ trust in the application [15]. Additionally, a user-friendly interface with intuitive features and clear navigation enhances users’ trust and overall satisfaction with the application [16]. However, there is a lack of research on the effects of trust in the sharing economy, particularly in the context of e-hailing services [17]. The study believes that the unique features of e-hailing applications, such as one-time shared rides between private individuals on short notice, the use of a mobile application, the transparency of demographic data and GPS location, interactions with strangers, and the intermediary framework, have a significant impact on the loss of trust [18]. Thus, it is important to examine the trust in both the ride experience related to the e-hailing applications and drivers. 2.4 Risk E-hailing applications depend on information technology platforms, as they operate through smart mobile phones and other devices whose security is often weak and results in many risks [19]. Data security and privacy concerns are one of the main reasons for the lack of trust in e-hailing applications. Users are required to share their personal information, including location and payment details, with the app [20]. This data can be vulnerable to cyberattacks and data breaches, exposing users’ sensitive information. A University of California, Riverside study found that 99% of e-hailing applications have at least one vulnerability that hackers could exploit [20]. Another reason for the lack of trust in e-hailing applications is the driver and passenger concerns. Passengers generally face risks of being deceived and scammed by fraudsters posing as taxi drivers [19]. In recent years, there have been many incidents of passengers being assaulted or harassed by drivers. Similarly, passengers also reported incidents where they were assaulted or harassed by drivers. These incidents have raised questions about the security and safety measures implemented by the electronic pager  
   
  272  
   
  K. A. Abdullah and M. Mahmod  
   
  applications. A Pew Research Center study found that 48% of users were concerned about the security of e-hailing applications [21]. According to a Thomson Reuters survey, Kuala Lumpur is included in the list of “Top 10 Dangerous Transport Systems for Women,” raising concerns about the use of these apps [14]. The risks associated with e-hailing applications, including data security and privacy concerns, can result in women losing trust in these apps. Women may be more concerned about their personal information being compromised, which can result in them being hesitant to use e-hailing applications. A study conducted by the Pew Research Center found that women were more likely than men to express concerns about the privacy and security of their personal information when using e-hailing applications [21]. The lack of pricing and fare structures transparency can also affect women’s intention to use e-hailing applications which women made the majority of the reports of dissatisfaction with the pricing and fare [3]. Although trust is a crucial factor, the relationship between trust and intention to use e-hailing can be influenced by the risk as a moderating role [10, 22]. Consequently, understanding risk as a moderating role can provide a better understanding of the relationship. 2.5 The Mechanics of Trust Model The trust Model is a theoretical framework to analyze how trust as a critical factor affects the user’s perception of technology adoption and usage [23]. For this study, trust is crucial in the relationship between women and e-hailing services adoption. The three constructs of the Trust model adopted for this study are competence, integrity and benevolence. 2.6 Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT) The underpinning theory of this is the UTAUT theory [9]. UTAUT is a modern model for studying technology adoption or acceptance as it provides a comprehensive understanding of the factors influencing users’ adoption behaviour [9]. The variable on the intention to use e-hailing apps is appropriate for this study since using UTAUT allows researchers to acquire insightful understanding of the multi-dimensional factors that influence technology adoption. But to account for women’s trust, The Mechanics of Trust model’s trust variable is applied.  
   
  3 Research Design This study aims at investigating the relationship between trust, risk and women’s intention to use e-hailing applications. A theoretical model was developed based on the UTAUT [9], and the Mechanic of Trust Model [23]. Based on the theoretical model developed, this study aimed at achieving the following objectives: RO1: To identify the factors of women’s trust in e-hailing applications on their intentions to use e-hailing applications.  
   
  The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women  
   
  273  
   
  RO2: To examine the influence of women’s trust in drivers on their intentions to use e-hailing applications. RO3: To investigate the moderating effect of risk on women’s trust in e-hailing applications and drivers on their intentions to use e-hailing applications. This study employed a quantitative approach using a survey for data collection. The study developed a questionnaire instrument that distinguished between trusting the e-hailing application and trusting the drivers. The survey consisted of 22 questions and collected demographic data from participants using four data structures. Responses were measured using a 7-point Likert scale, ranging from ‘strongly disagree’ (1) to ‘strongly agree’ (7). Table 1 provides an overview of the final miscatalogue, including combinations and relevant item codes. Table 1. Items of questionnaire Construct  
   
  Code  
   
  Item  
   
  Trust in e-hailing applications [11]  
   
  TAPP1  
   
  I feel that e-hailing applications is honest  
   
  TAPP2  
   
  I believe that e-hailing applications is trustworthy  
   
  TAPP3  
   
  I trust e-hailing applications  
   
  TAPP4  
   
  I feel e-hailing applications is reliable  
   
  TAPP5  
   
  Even if not monitored, I would trust e-hailing applications to do the right job  
   
  TAPP6  
   
  I believe in the security policies of e-hailing applications  
   
  TAPP7  
   
  I trust e-hailing applications to provide me with quality ride services  
   
  TD1  
   
  I trust the drivers using e-hailing applications  
   
  TD2  
   
  I believe that the drivers of e-hailing applications are trustworthy  
   
  TD3  
   
  I feel that drivers on e-hailing applications are honest  
   
  TD4  
   
  I feel drivers on e-hailing applications are reliable  
   
  TD5  
   
  Even if not monitored, I would trust drivers on e-hailing applications  
   
  RIS1  
   
  It would be risky to disclose my personal information to e-hailing application developers  
   
  Trust in driver [11]  
   
  Risk [22]  
   
  (continued)  
   
  274  
   
  K. A. Abdullah and M. Mahmod Table 1. (continued)  
   
  Construct  
   
  Intention to use e-hailing applications [22]  
   
  Code  
   
  Item  
   
  RIS2  
   
  Sharing my personal information with e-hailing application facilitators would lead to many uncertainties  
   
  RIS3  
   
  Sharing my personal information with e-hailing application facilitators would cause many unexpected problems  
   
  RIS4  
   
  It would be a potential threat to my privacy to disclose personal information to e-hailing applications facilitators  
   
  RIS5  
   
  Using e-hailing applications would be insecure  
   
  RIS6  
   
  Using e-hailing applications would put me at potential risk of physical harm  
   
  INT1  
   
  I use e-hailing applications because I’ve seen advertisements or news from mass media  
   
  INT2  
   
  I use e-hailing applications because it is the current trend  
   
  INT3  
   
  Friends and family have influenced on my decision to use e-hailing applications  
   
  INT4  
   
  I intend to continue using e-hailing applications during my study period  
   
  INT5  
   
  I plan to continue using e-hailing applications frequently  
   
  The population sample for this study was women who use e-hailing applications in Malaysia as passengers or consumers. The invitation threads are posted in the online community of What Apps groups. Within the invitation thread, respondents are informed about the purpose of the study and given a link to the Google Form survey. The survey was conducted in early 2023, and the study managed to get 117 participants to complete the questionnaire by the deadline. Since our study covers Malaysian women users which hard to determine the number of users, the study follows the recommendation of Hair [24] and Hamdollah & Baghaei [10] for Smart-PLS 4. Researchers can either identify sample size using the G*Power program. G*Power is a free-to-use statistical power calculator developed by El Maniani et al. [25] that is employed to compute optimal sample size requirements in statistical analyses, such as F-tests and t-tests. G*power estimated that the minimum sample size required for sample models is 85; therefore, 117 samples are considered sufficient for this study’s analysis. The majority of participants (52 participants) were between the ages of 18–24, followed by 22 respondents between the ages of 25–29, 13 respondents between the ages  
   
  The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women  
   
  275  
   
  of 35–39, 12 respondents between the ages of 40–49, 11 respondents between the ages of 30–34, and 7 respondents over 50. 3.1 Proposed Hypothesis In this study, four (4) main hypotheses were proposed. H1: There is a positive effect of trust in e-hailing applications on women’s intention to use e-hailing applications. H2: There is a positive effect of trust in e-hailing drivers on women’s intention to use e-hailing applications. H3: Risk moderates the relationship between trust in an e-hailing application and a woman’s intention to use an e-hailing application. H4: Risk moderates the relationship between trust in an e-hailing driver and a woman’s intention to use an e-hailing application. Figure 1 illustrated the conceptual model developed for the study. The constructs are adopted from UTAUT [9], and the Mechanic of Trust Model [23].  
   
  Fig. 1. Proposed Conceptual Model  
   
  4 Data Analysis and Results 4.1 Measurement Model Table 2 shows the composite reliability and extracted mean-variance (AVE) for all measures that exceeded the recommended limits of 0.7 and 0.5, respectively [24]. Thus, the building showed its correctness. All combinations achieved a satisfactory level of AVE score >0.50 based on the score. In addition, all combinations also achieved a satisfactory level of rho_C score >0.80. This is consistent with the guidelines of Hair et al. [24].  
   
  276  
   
  K. A. Abdullah and M. Mahmod Table 2. Overview of items after the content validity assessment Cronbach’s alpha  
   
  Rho_a  
   
  Composite reliability (rho_C)  
   
  The average variance extracted (AVE)  
   
  INT  
   
  0.888  
   
  0.909  
   
  0.919  
   
  0.696  
   
  RIS  
   
  0.895  
   
  0.978  
   
  0.922  
   
  0.707  
   
  TAPP  
   
  0.902  
   
  0.909  
   
  0.925  
   
  0.675  
   
  TD  
   
  0.915  
   
  0.934  
   
  0.938  
   
  0.753  
   
  4.2 Structural Model Assessment Measurement models include the relationships between underlying structures and their indicators. Figure 2, TAPP indicates TO (Trust in E-hailing applications), TD indicates TO (Trust in e-hailing drivers), RIS indicates TO (Risk), and INT indicates TO (intentions to use e-hailing applications).  
   
  Fig. 2. Measurement model  
   
  Based on the measurement model used in this study, the constructs’ measures were reliable and valid. Table 3 shows that TAPP->INT supported the study when validating the hypotheses because the β = 0.26 and P values = 0.00 < 0.050. TD > INT supported the study because the β = 0.73 and P values = 0.00 < 0.050. RIS × TAPP > INT moderates the relationship because the β = 0.26 and P values = 0.043 < 0.050. RIS × TD > INT did not moderate the relationship because the β = 0.26 and P values = 0.00 < 0.05. In total, 4 hypotheses and relationships were tested in this research. Three hypotheses (H1, H2, H4) were supported, while 1 were not (H3). Table 4 summarizes the results.  
   
  The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women  
   
  277  
   
  Table 3. Results of hypothesis testing Hypotheses  
   
  Original Sample (O)  
   
  Sample Mean (M)  
   
  TAPP->INT  
   
  0.265  
   
  0.266  
   
  0.038  
   
  TD->INT  
   
  0.732  
   
  0.731  
   
  −0.100 0.074  
   
  RIS x TAPP->INT RIS x TD->INT  
   
  Standard Deviation (STDEV)  
   
  T Statistics (|O/STDEV|)  
   
  P Values  
   
  Supported  
   
  6.967  
   
  0.000  
   
  Supported  
   
  0.039  
   
  18.987  
   
  0.000  
   
  Supported  
   
  −0.089  
   
  0.050  
   
  2.023  
   
  0.043  
   
  Supported  
   
  0.067  
   
  0.045  
   
  1.623  
   
  0.105  
   
  Not supported  
   
  Table 4. Summary of the Result of Hypotheses Testing Variables and Direct Relationships of Independent Variables H1  
   
  There is a positive effect of trust in e-hailing Supported applications on women’s intention to use e-hailing applications  
   
  H2  
   
  There is a positive effect of trust in e-hailing drivers Supported on women’s intention to use e-hailing applications  
   
  H3  
   
  Risk moderates the relationship between trust in an Supported e-hailing application and a woman’s intention to use an e-hailing application  
   
  H4  
   
  Risk moderates the relationship between trust in an Not Supported e-hailing driver and a woman’s intention to use an e-hailing application  
   
  5 Results and Discussion 5.1 The Influence of Women’s Trust in E-Hailing Applications on Their Intentions to Use the Applications The study indicates that women’s trust in e-hailing applications directly affects their intentions to use these applications. The structural model that was used in the study examined the relationships between different variables and found that trust in the applications was a significant predictor of women’s intentions to continue using them. In more detail, the study suggests that women who trust e-hailing applications are more likely to continue using them in the future. This trust may be related to factors such as the service’s reliability, the drivers’ safety, and the application’s ease of use. When women feel they can trust the application to provide a safe and reliable ride, they are more likely to use it again. It is important to note that trust is just a factor that influences women’s intentions to use e-hailing applications. There are other factors that were not covered in this study  
   
  278  
   
  K. A. Abdullah and M. Mahmod  
   
  such as pricing. The results of this study suggest that trust is an important factor in determining whether women will continue to use e-hailing applications over time. By building trust with their users, e-hailing applications can increase the likelihood that women will continue to use their services in the future. 5.2 The Influence of Women’s Trust in Drivers on Their Intentions to Use E-Hailing Applications This study showed women’s inclinations to use these apps are directly influenced by how much they trust the drivers of e-hailing services. The structural model employed in the research to analyse the correlations between various variables discovered that women’s intentions to continue using e-hailing services were significantly predicted by their confidence level in the drivers. Trust in drivers may be influenced by their skill level, dependability, and safety. Women are more likely to continue using the e-hailing service if they believe they have confidence in the driver to provide a secure and dependable journey. E-hailing apps may boost the possibility that women will continue using their services by establishing trust with their customers and ensuring that their drivers are capable, dependable, and safe in the future. 5.3 The Risks Affecting the Trust of Women Who Use E-Hailing Applications The effect of risk on the relationship between women’s trust in e-hailing applications and intent to use and women’s confidence in drivers of recall applications and intent to use was investigated. It was found that there is a significant effect of risk on the relationship between trust in e-hailing applications and women’s intention to use them. The study proved that the increase in risk affects the relationship between trust in e-hailing applications and the intention to use. Concerns related to information security, such as theft and unauthorised use of personally identifiable information, tracking, prosecution or harassment after information penetration, mitigate the intention to use e-hailing applications. This study is consistent with the results of previous studies, which proved that the privacy problem impacts the intention to use e-hailing applications [26–28]. Perplexingly, no risk influenced the relationship between confidence in e-hailing application drivers and women’s intention to use e-hailing applications. The current study did not provide any evidence regarding the risks women may face, such as kidnapping, rape, and harassment, that may affect the relationship between trust and intention to use. The study contributes to showing that trust in E-hailing applications affects women’s intentions to use E-hailing applications. The study hypotheses are supported by the use of risk as a moderator between the effect of trust in E-hailing applications and the intention to use E-hailing applications. Study findings indicate that trust in E-hailing drivers does not significantly impact customers’ intentions to use E-hailing applications. At first, study findings may seem surprising, but given that E-hailing applications connect strangers, it is likely that the application already considered most of the risks. Concerns related to information security such as theft and unauthorized use of personally identifiable information, tracking, prosecution, or harassment after information penetration mitigate the intention to use e-hailing applications. As a result, the study findings are consistent  
   
  The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women  
   
  279  
   
  with those of [11]. As a result of separating trust into two distinct structures, the study demonstrated a deflecting effect on customer intentions in E-hailing applications. 5.4 Implications of the Study The study’s findings have theoretical and practical implications, which are discussed below. Theoretical Implications. The results contribute more to the Unified Theory of Technology Acceptance and Use theory and the mechanisms of the trust model, especially when using trust and knowing its effect on the intention to use the time. Trust is one of the key elements in the mechanics of the trust model. Previous studies also confirmed that trust is an effective element in relationships on the Internet [29]. Although previous studies indicated risks and their impact on user trust [30], this study found that risks affect the relationship between trust in e-hailing applications and women’s intention to use them. However, the risks do not affect drivers’ confidence and intention to use e-hailing applications. But the important question is whether risk and its impact on the relationship between trust in drivers and intention to use is a redundant concept in Internet-based relationships. More studies are needed in the future to strengthen the role of risk in Internet-based relationships. This study also contributes to the investigation of the elements of trust in e-hailing applications and their impact on women’s intention to use e-hailing applications. To the best of the researcher’s knowledge, there are no studies that focus on women and their intention to use e-hailing applications in particular, and also the researcher is aware no one has thought in an investigation of the effect of risk on women’s intention to use e-calling applications in Malaysia. Hence, the results contribute to knowledge in theory to enhance women’s awareness of using e-hailing applications. The main results of the study indicate that concerns related to data security and fear of hacking or stealing information from the application had a role in influencing the relationship between trust in these applications and the intention to use them. When women are satisfied with services such as giving priority to the security of traveler information, implementing technological steps to enhance information protection, and preventing user information leakage and theft, this is very important in electronic pager applications to increase women’s intention to use these applications. E-hailing applications are likely to achieve more usage by increasing security and privacy. Practical Implications. Malaysia began using e-hailing applications in 2012 with the launch of MyTeksi, now known as Grab and more e-hailing applications in 2014 that faced various security, penetration, and information leakage challenges. The risk of fraud on fake profiles or fraudulent activities could result in theft, assault and harassment. Information leakage is a major obstacle as well as some e-hailing applications collect and store user data, which could be vulnerable to hacking and cyberattacks. A study by [31] revealed that security and privacy concerns were significant factors affecting the use of e-hailing applications in Malaysia, with users ramping concerns over data sharing, unauthorized access to personal information, and identity theft.  
   
  280  
   
  K. A. Abdullah and M. Mahmod  
   
  6 Conclusion The finding of this study shows the relationship of women’s trust in the intention to use e-hailing applications. This research concentrated on two areas of trust, namely the apps and women’s concern about the driver. An additional goal of this research was to determine how risks affected these relations. Even though risks do not affect the trust women had in drivers, the study found a significant effect on the relationship between trust in applications and intention to use, as trust and risks influence women’s intention to use such applications. Hence the study contributes to the growing literature on the gig economy specifically women’s intention to use the e-hailing application. E-hailing companies should take into account these factors to help increase women’s interest and trust in using e-hailing applications. The results of this study, in particular, could benefit developers of e-hailing applications or companies to focus on incorporating features in the application and their drivers that could increase confidence in women as e-hailing customers. The study’s findings should not be embraced by the companies that provide e-hailing application; instead, efforts should be made to raise consumer happiness and win their confidence in using these services.  
   
  References 1. Idros, N.A.N.M., Mohamed, H., Jenal, R.: The use of expert review in component development for customer satisfaction towards E-hailing. Indonesian J. Electric. Eng. Comput. Sci. 17(1), 347–356 (2020) 2. Jais, A.S., Marzuki, A.: E-hailing services in Malaysia: current practices and future outlook. Plann. Malaysia 18 (2020) 3. Jones, S.A.: Gendered safety concerns and risk perception in e-hailing applications. J. Transp. Geogr. 94, 103133 (2021) 4. Johnson, E.R., Davis, R.E.: Enhancing security in e-hailing applications: a focus on women users’ perspectives. Comput. Hum. Behav. 106, 106247 (2020) 5. Brown, A.B., Johnson, C.D.: Trust and privacy concerns in women’s usage of e-hailing applications. Transport. Res. F Traffic Psychol. Behav. 82, 76–85 (2021) 6. Tran, T.T.H., Robinson, K., Paparoidamis, N.G.: Sharing with perfect strangers: the effects of self-disclosure on consumers’ trust, risk perception, and behavioral intention in the sharing economy. J. Bus. Res. 144, 1–16 (2022) 7. Jiang, Y., Lau, A.K.: Roles of consumer trust and risks on continuance intention in the sharing economy: an empirical investigation. Electron. Commer. Res. Appl. 47, 101050 (2021) 8. Mohd Idros, N.A.N., Mohamed, H., Jenal, R.: Determinant factors of customer satisfaction for e-hailing service: a preliminary study. In: Saeed, F., Gazem, N., Mohammed, F., Busalim, A. (eds.) International Conference of Reliable Information and Communication Technology, vol. 843, pp. 803–811. Springer, Cham (2018). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-99007-1_74 9. Venkatesh, V., Morris, M.G., Davis, G.B., Davis, F.D.: User acceptance of information technology: toward a unified view. MIS Q., 425–478 (2003) 10. Liu, Y., Gao, S., Lee, M.K.: Exploring the antecedents of mobile app stickiness: the unified theory of acceptance and use of technology. Comput. Hum. Behav. 67, 247–257 (2017) 11. Geng, R., Sun, R., Li, J., Guo, F., Wang, W., Sun, G.: The impact of firm innovativeness on consumer trust in the sharing economy: a moderated mediation model 71702095, 1078–1098 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1108/APJML-10-2020-0748  
   
  The Application of UTAUT Theory to Determine Trust Among Women  
   
  281  
   
  12. Pretorius, H.W.: An E-halfling crime and exploitation classification framework. Proc. Soc. 84, 129–139 (2022) 13. Ruangkanjanases, A., Techapoolphol, C.: Adoption of E-hailing applications: a comparative study between female and male users in Thailand. J. Telecommun. Electron. Comput. Eng. (JTEC), 10(1–10), 43–48 (2018) 14. Kim, D.J., Ferrin, D.L., Rao, H.R.: Trust and satisfaction, two stepping stones for successful e-commerce relationships: a longitudinal exploration. Inf. Syst. Res. 20(2), 237–257 (2007) 15. Smith, K.L., et al.: Exploring factors influencing trust in e-hailing applications: a focus on women users. J. Bus. Res. 141, 134–142 (2022) 16. Jayashankar, P., Nilakanta, S., Johnston, W.J., Gill, P., Burres, R.: IoT adoption in agriculture: the role of trust, perceived value and risk. J. Bus. Ind. Market. (2018) 17. Ko, G., Amankwah-Amoah, J., Appiah, G., Larimo, J.: Non-market strategies and building digital trust in sharing economy platforms. J. Int. Manag. 28(1), 10090 9 (2022) 18. Shamim, A., Khan, A.A., Qureshi, M.A., Rafique, H.: Ride or not to ride: does the customer deviate toward ridesharing? Int. J. Environ. Res. Public Health 18(19), 10352 (2021). https:// doi.org/10.3390/ijerph181910352 19. Teo, B.C., Mustaffa, M.A., Rozi, A.M.: To grab or not to grab? Passenger ride intention towards E-Hailing services. Malaysian J. Consumer Family Econ. 21, 153–159 (2018) 20. Mittendorf, C.: What trust means in the sharing economy: a provider perspective on Airbnb.com (2016) 21. Anderson, D.N.: “Not just a taxi”? For-profit ridesharing, driver strategies, and VMT. Transportation 41(5), 1099–1117 (2014). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11116-014-9531-8 22. Kamais, C.E.: Emerging security risks of e-hail transport services: focus on Uber taxi in Nairobi, Kenya. Int. J. Secur. Privacy Trust Manag. (IJSPTM) 8 (2019) 23. Riegelsberger, J., Sasse, M.A., McCarthy, J.D.: The mechanics of trust: a framework for research and design. Int. J. Hum. Comput. Stud. 62(3), 381–422 (2005) 24. Hair, J.F., Jr., Matthews, L.M., Matthews, R.L., Sarstedt, M.: PLS-SEM or CB-SEM: updated guidelines on which method to use. Int. J. Multivariate Data Anal. 1(2), 107–123 (2017) 25. El Maniani, M., Rechchach, M., El Mahfoudi, A., El Moudane, M., Sabbar, A.: A calorimetric investigation of the liquid Bi-Ni alloys. J. Mater. Environ. Sci. 7(10), 3759–3766 (2016) 26. Liébana-Cabanillas, F., Sánchez-Fernández, J., Muñoz-Leiva, F.: Antecedents of mobile payment adoption: the moderating role of perceived risk. J. Bus. Res. 106, 253–260 (2020) 27. Hong, I.B., Cho, H., Kim, H.: The impact of consumer trust on attitudinal loyalty and purchase intentions in B2C e-commerce. J. Bus. Res. 64(8), 808–813 (2011) 28. Henao, A., Marshall, W.: A framework for understanding the impacts of ridesourcing on transportation. In: Meyer, G., Shaheen, S. (eds.) Disrupting Mobility. LNM, pp. 197–209. Springer, Cham (2017). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-51602-8_13 29. Mahmod, M., Hassan, H.: Exploring women’s motivation factors to participate in spatial crowdsourcing platform. In: AIP Conference Proceedings, vol. 2339, no. 1, p. 020142. AIP Publishing LLC (2021) 30. Sarfaraz, J.: Unified theory of acceptance and use of technology (UTAUT) model-mobile banking. J. Internet Bank. Commer. 22(3), 1–20 (2017) 31. Arumugam, V., Ismail, M.R., Joeharee, M.: A review and conceptual development of the factors influencing consumer intention towards E-hailing service in Malaysia. Int. J. Innov. Creativity Change 11(11), 224–242 (2020)  
   
  Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System for Managing Housing Application Asvinitha Muniandy1 , Mazida Ahmad1(B) , and Mohamad Adli Desa2 1 Institute for Advanced and Smart Digital Opportunities, School of Computing,  
   
  Universiti Utara Malaysia, 06010 Sintok, Kedah, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Housing Department, Wisma Darul Aman, 05503 Alor Setar, Kedah, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. The housing department in Wisma Darul Aman plays an important role in planning, coordinating, and developing housing schemes for low-income Malaysians. However, the manual process of recording and storing applicant information on paper is time-consuming for the staff, and retrieving applicant information can be challenging. Thus, the main objective of this study is to design and develop the Housing Interview Management System (HIMS) for the housing department. The system manages applicant information, enabling storage, retrieval, modification, and deletion, while generating scores based on their responses, offering a more accurate and efficient solution for the Wisma Darul Aman housing department. To design and develop the system, Prototyping Software Development Methodology was used, which consists of identifying the requirements through interview sessions with housing department staff, designing the system, building the prototype using PHP and JavaScript, conducting user evaluation among housing department staff, refining prototype, and implementing and maintaining the system. The findings of the evaluation show that the system is useful and easy to use. Most respondents expressed high satisfaction with the system, indicating that the system worked as desired and effectively facilitated the housing interview process. The study highlights the significant potential of the HIMS to streamline the housing department’s interview process, contributing to improved affordable housing delivery for low-income Malaysians. Keywords: Interview Management System · Prototyping · Housing Department · Program Perumahan Rakyat (PPR) · Low income  
   
  1 Introduction Rumah PPR, also known as the Program Perumahan Rakyat, is a government initiative in Malaysia aimed at providing affordable housing for low-income individuals, particularly those falling under the B40 category, and eradicating squatter communities [1]. According to the 2019 Household Income and Basic Amenities Survey Report by the Department of Statistics Malaysia, households with a monthly income of less than © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 282–295, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_22  
   
  Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System  
   
  283  
   
  RM4,849 belong to the B40 category [2]. To qualify for the Rumah PPR, applicants must be Malaysian citizens aged 18 or above, with a total household income of less than RM3000.00 per month, and not owning any property. The housing department in Wisma Darul Aman plays a crucial role in planning, coordinating, and developing housing schemes for low-income individuals. As part of the application process, applicants must attend a formal interview session, which the Housing Department conducts. During the interview, the applicant’s responses are recorded on paper, and a score is assigned to each answer to evaluate their overall suitability for the Rumah PPR. However, the manual process of recording and storing applicant information on paper is time-consuming for the Housing Department staff, and retrieving applicant information can be challenging. This study aims to develop a Bahasa Melayu language-based Housing Interview Management System (HIMS) called “Sistem Pengurusan Temuduga Perumahan”. The system aims to streamline the interview process by digitally storing applicant information during the interview session and generating scores based on their responses. By adopting digital technology, the system will offer a more efficient and accurate solution for the Wisma Darul Aman housing department, eliminating the time-consuming manual calculations, record-keeping, and data retrieval during interviews [3, 4]. The potential outcomes of this study are expected to demonstrate a significant enhancement in the efficiency and accuracy of the housing department’s interview process, benefiting low-income Malaysians in need of affordable housing. The digital approach will also provide greater accessibility and ease of use for the system’s users. The study will also aim to guide future system enhancement and explore possibilities for integrating the developed HIMS with the existing housing department system, namely Kedah Housing & Property Information System (KHIS), to create a unified web-based platform for managing the entire housing process.  
   
  2 Background of the Housing Interview Management System Several studies have discussed housing management systems and record management systems in different domains, such as education, construction, and communication [5–7]. For instance, Walia, et al. [4] developed a Student Record Management System (SRMS) using PHP and SQL as their database to manage student records such as attendance and subject results efficiently. Similarly, Omosebi [8] focused on enhancing their existing housing management system by introducing new functions, including record-keeping and generating reports for decision-making [4, 8]. HIMS shares similarities with both studies [4, 8], as its main goal is to streamline an efficient and manageable system that enhances record-keeping and report generation. However, unlike the mentioned systems, HIMS incorporates features for generating information and scores based on interview responses. The findings from previous studies, combined with the preliminary findings of this study, will serve as a basis for developing a comprehensive and effective HIMS. By leveraging these unique features, the HIMS aims to optimize the applicant selection process, providing a comprehensive and user-friendly solution for the housing application. The HIMS is developed using Visual Studio Code, an IDE that allows developers to write software code efficiently. The system aims to improve efficiency and data retention  
   
  284  
   
  A. Muniandy et al.  
   
  by reducing paper use and minimizing data loss. This system will also save time and energy for administrative staff, increase their satisfaction, and be more environmentally friendly. Moreover, the system is designed to be user-friendly and easy to maintain. It enables staff to add, update, and retrieve applicants’ information quickly and efficiently. The system can also generate applicant information, and scores obtained more clearly and accurately. Furthermore, the system can detect whether an applicant has previously applied for a PPR house, which is believed to improve the quality of hires significantly [9]. Overall, this system is expected to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of housing programs, particularly in public housing authorities [8, 9]. 2.1 Tools for Housing Interview Management System Development The HIMS was developed using a combination of PHP, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript programming languages, while XAMPP was utilized as the database management system. PHP and related technologies are popular in web-based development [4] and can be easily deployed on web servers. Additionally, Miro was employed during the initial stages of the system design to provide a visual representation of the system’s architecture and design. The stand-alone application using PHP and XAMPP allows for efficient storage and retrieval of applicant information, minimizing data loss and reducing errors in the manual process. This system is expected to improve efficiency and accuracy in the housing interview process, leading to increased satisfaction for the staff.  
   
  3 Methodology of the Study The software development life cycle (SDLC) was selected as the appropriate model for this project, as it encompasses the stages of the software development process and ensures the efficient implementation of high-quality software in meeting the specified requirements. Additionally, prototyping methodology, a software development approach where a prototype is built, tested, and refined until satisfactory [10], was employed to develop the HIMS due to its simplicity and ease of understanding. Figure 1 shows the phases of the prototyping model.  
   
  Fig. 1. Phases of prototyping methodology [10]  
   
  Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System  
   
  285  
   
  3.1 Requirements To develop the HIMS, it was essential to understand the concept, the individuals involved in the process, and the requirements. The requirements-gathering process involved examining the interview form utilized by the Housing Department during the interview process. The form was analyzed to comprehend the entire interview process, including the calculations involved and how the assessments were evaluated. 3.2 Quick Design A simple framework design was created to give users a high-level system overview. The design was created using an online software called Miro and was developed based on the project scope and requirements, including the appearance and features of the system. The framework includes various components, including interview questions, to store applicant information. This would enable the staff to understand the flow, conveniently digitize all the interview details into the corresponding fields, and effortlessly maintain or refer to the stored information. 3.3 Build Prototype The prototype is developed based on the data collected from the quick design and is a scale-down working model of the system. The project mainly focuses on developing a stand-alone application for the working environment using Visual Studio Code (VSC) and Xampp for data storage. The system development process incorporated all the requirements collected during the initial stage. 3.4 User Evaluation After the system was created, it was converted into an actual application and tested in the real world. The staff evaluated the HIMS based on the requirements, functionality, and performance. They shared their comments and ideas for further enhancement or implementation during the next round of system redesign. The strengths and weaknesses of the HIMS were identified through user evaluation. 3.5 Refine Prototype The refined prototype is where the current system development will be revised for the next redesigning or rebuilding prototype. After collecting the ideas and comments from the staff, the HIMS has been reconsidered to achieve the user’s requirements and the project scope. This evaluation and refined prototype were developed in loop mode until the staff was satisfied with this system. 3.6 Implement and Maintain After the final system was developed based on the prototype, it went through testing before sending to production. As the HIMS met all the requirements and satisfied the staff after the re-evaluation process, it is now complete and ready to be used during the interview session.  
   
  286  
   
  A. Muniandy et al.  
   
  4 Design and Development of the Housing Interview Management System Following the six phases of Prototyping Software Development, the design, and development of the HIMS is proposed. The requirements-gathering process was carried out by discussing the process taken by the staff to store, calculate and retrieve the data during and after an interview process, including referring to the example of the interview form, which was used manually to store the applicant’s information. These processes were examined to determine the need for an interview-based system to manage the interview process. The requirements-gathering approach delivered six essential requirements and their priority, as shown in Table 1. The main functional requirements of the HIMS are Check Qualifications, Create Applicant Information, Calculate Scores, Update Applicant Information, Delete Applicant Information and Generate Applicant Information and Score. Table 1. List of requirements of the HIMS ID  
   
  Requirement Description  
   
  Priority  
   
  1  
   
  Check Qualification  
   
  1.1  
   
  The system requests the admin to insert the applicant’s identification number  
   
  1.2  
   
  The system will check the applicant’s identification through the database Mandatory  
   
  1.3  
   
  The system will display an error if the applicant’s identification is found in the database  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  1.4  
   
  The system will display a link to the application form if the applicant’s identification is not found in the database  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  1.5  
   
  The system allows the admin to click the link  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  2  
   
  Create Applicant Information  
   
  2.1  
   
  The system will request the admin to store the applicant information in three sections  
   
  2.2  
   
  The system will request the admin to complete the applicant information Mandatory in three sections  
   
  2.3  
   
  The system will ensure there is no empty field  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  Optional  
   
  3  
   
  Calculate Score  
   
  3.1  
   
  The system requests the admin to click the calculate button to count the overall score  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  3.2  
   
  The system will store the applicant’s information and score if the admin clicks on the submit button  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  4  
   
  Update Applicant Information (continued)  
   
  Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System  
   
  287  
   
  Table 1. (continued) ID  
   
  Requirement Description  
   
  Priority  
   
  4.1  
   
  The system allows the admin to update the applicant’s information  
   
  Optional  
   
  4.2  
   
  The system allows the admin to select the section to update the applicant’s information  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  4.3  
   
  The system will update the information if the admin clicks the update button  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  5  
   
  Delete Applicant Information  
   
  5.1  
   
  The system allows the admin to delete any applicant’s application  
   
  Optional  
   
  5.2  
   
  The system will display a confirmation message before deleting an application  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  6  
   
  Generate Applicant Information and Score  
   
  6.1  
   
  The system will generate the applicant’s information and score obtained  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  6.2  
   
  The system allows the admin to view the applicant’s information and score obtained  
   
  Mandatory  
   
  6.3  
   
  The system allows the admin to download the applicant’s information and the score obtained  
   
  Optional  
   
  The requirements stated in Table 1 were interpreted into the computer system functionality. The next step is to use appropriate modeling methods and tools to visualize and model the system’s needs. The use case diagram is used as the applied model in this study. The diagrams were illustrated using Visual Paradigm. Figure 2 shows the use case diagram and the connections between the use cases and the system users. The six major use cases are: (i) check qualification, (ii) check applicant information, (iii) calculate score, (iv) update applicant information, (v) delete applicant information, and (vi) generate applicant information and score.  
   
  Fig. 2. The use case diagram of the HIMS  
   
  During the quick design phase, the flow of the HIMS was conceptualized. The lowfidelity prototype, or the initial idea for the system, was created and designed on a  
   
  288  
   
  A. Muniandy et al.  
   
  whiteboard interface. The functionality of each interface design was illustrated using the Miro online design tool, as shown in the graphs below. Figures 3, 4, and 5 display the selected screenshots of the interfaces for the HIMS. Figure 3 shows the ID verification process interface, which checks the qualification status. IDs are redirected to a link if found to be new. Figure 4 shows the interface for the application form, featuring three sections dedicated to applicant interviews, where staff fill out the form accordingly. Figure 5 shows the interface for generating the applicant’s information and the obtained score. After completing the form, the interface displays the overall information and the score achieved. It should be noted that the low-fidelity prototype is a quick and simple representation of the system’s interface design. It was used as a basis for further development and refinement in the later stages of the project. The Miro online design tool allowed the project team to collaborate and iterate on the interface design to meet the project’s requirements and standards. Overall, the quick design phase was crucial in laying out the basic structure and flow of the system, which was then refined and improved in subsequent stages. The low-fidelity prototype and the Miro design tool were important tools in the quick design phase, allowing for efficient collaboration and rapid iteration.  
   
  Fig. 3. ID Verification Interface  
   
  Fig. 4. Application Form Interface 1 (left) and Application Form Interface 2 (right)  
   
  Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System  
   
  289  
   
  Fig. 5. Score Report Interface  
   
  5 The Housing Interview Management System Development During the development phase, the HIMS was constructed following the requirements outlined in the previous section. Software prototyping is a web-established technique for demonstrating software requirements and enables developers to receive user feedback and suggestions based on their interactions with the prototype. The main tools utilized during the development process comprise of PHP, JavaScript, HTML and CSS and XAMPP, which served as the database for the system. The Interview form was used as the primary reference point during the development process, focusing on reorganizing the questions and refining the calculation process to make it more efficient. Additionally, the FPDF file was imported into the code to allow the system to generate a comprehensive score and user information in PDF format, which staff can download and view in greater detail. The selected interfaces of the HIMS are illustrated in Figs. 6, 7 and 8. Figure 6 shows the main screen, the system’s landing page. Figure 7 shows the ID verification process interface, which checks the qualification status. New IDs are redirected to a link if found to be new. Figure 8 shows the interface for generating the applicant’s information and the obtained score. After completing the form, the interface displays the overall information and the score achieved. In short, the development of the HIMS was guided by the objective of creating a more efficient and streamlined process for managing applicant information and generating scores based on their responses.  
   
  Fig. 6. Main Screen Interface  
   
  290  
   
  A. Muniandy et al.  
   
  Fig. 7. ID Verification Interface  
   
  Fig. 8. Score Report Interface  
   
  6 The Evaluation and Result of the Housing Interview Management System 6.1 The Evaluation Setting A usability evaluation was carried out on a limited number of six designated administrators of the Housing Department. Nielsen [11] supported the choice of three to five respondents for the evaluation. This approach was deemed suitable as these respondents are directly involved in collecting and analyzing the housing applicants’ forms. The study aimed to ensure that the results are based on the insights and experience of those with relevant expertise and responsibilities in the housing application process. The six respondents were approached based on their participation in a recent program in Langkawi, where they conducted interviews for the PPR house. A post-task questionnaire was used as the instrument for the evaluation, consisting of 23 questionnaires. The questionnaires are divided into two sections: Section A and Section B. Section A includes two open-ended questions, inquiring the respondents to provide their feedback and opinions about the HIMS. In contrast, Section B inquires the respondents to rate their opinions on the system’s usefulness, ease of use, and satisfaction using a five-point Likert scale, where one represents strongly disagree, and five represents strongly agree. 6.2 The Usability of the Housing Interview Management System An analysis was conducted on the responses in Section B of the post-task questionnaire, which measures the respondents’ perception of the HIMS’s usefulness and ease of use.  
   
  Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System  
   
  291  
   
  It also measured their satisfaction. Table 2, Table 3, and Table 4 reported the frequency and average of the responses. Most respondents rated four and five of the post-task scales for the three aspects of usability—only a few rated neutral. On the other hand, none of the respondents rated strongly disagree or disagree. Table 2. The responses on the HIMS usefulness The Usefulness of the Strongly Disagree HIMS  
   
  Disagree  
   
  Neutral  
   
  Agree  
   
  Strongly Agree  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System enhances my effectiveness in accessing the application  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  1  
   
  5  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System makes storing all the applicant’s information easier  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  6  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System makes it easier to generate all the applicant’s information and the score they obtained  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  6  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System makes updating the applicant’s information easier  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  6  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System meets my needs  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  2  
   
  4  
   
  (continued)  
   
  292  
   
  A. Muniandy et al. Table 2. (continued)  
   
  The Usefulness of the Strongly Disagree HIMS  
   
  Disagree  
   
  Neutral  
   
  Agree  
   
  Strongly Agree  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System does everything I would expect it to do  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  1  
   
  5  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System is beneficial overall  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  1  
   
  5  
   
  The findings from the evaluation are summarized from the responses in Section B of the post-task questionnaire. The HIMS received predominantly positive ratings from the respondents across all usability aspects. Table 2 illustrates the system’s usefulness, showing that it significantly enhanced the staff’s effectiveness in accessing applications, making storing, generating, and updating applicant information more manageable. Moreover, the system fulfilled their needs and expectations. Table 3 provides an overview of the system’s ease of use, with respondents strongly agreeing that it was easy to use, user-friendly, and flexible. Though a few rated neutral, the majority expressed positive views regarding their ability to learn and remember how to use the system effectively. Meanwhile, Table 4 presents the respondent’s satisfaction with the HIMS. The majority expressed high satisfaction levels, indicating that the system worked as desired, was lovely and pleasant to use, and effectively facilitated the housing interview process. Based on the results from the evaluation study, the HIMS showed positive results and demonstrated its effectiveness in streamlining the housing interview process. It is beneficial because the staff can store the applicant’s information during the interview session, and this system can also calculate the applicant’s score based on the answer given. Besides, there is some feedback and comment from the respondents when utilizing this system in Langkawi. Most respondents are satisfied with the system because the function and aim are achieved. However, there were constructive recommendations from the respondents, which could further enhance the system’s impact. Some suggested transitioning the system from a stand-alone application to a web-based platform to simplify setup and usage. Additionally, making the system more user-friendly, particularly for the older generation, would increase accessibility and utilization. In conclusion, this evaluation study has the potential to bring about meaningful changes in housing management, public services, and the lives of low-income Malaysians by optimizing the housing interview process’s efficiency and accuracy.  
   
  Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System  
   
  293  
   
  Table 3. The responses on the ease of use of the HIMS Ease of Use of the HIMS  
   
  Strongly Disagree  
   
  Disagree  
   
  Neutral  
   
  Agree  
   
  Strongly Agree  
   
  The Housing Interview 0 Management System is easy to use  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  6  
   
  The Housing Interview 0 Management System is user-friendly  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  6  
   
  The Housing Interview 0 Management System is flexible  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  6  
   
  The Housing Interview 0 Management System is easy to learn how to use it  
   
  0  
   
  2  
   
  0  
   
  4  
   
  The Housing Interview 0 Management System without written instruction  
   
  0  
   
  4  
   
  1  
   
  1  
   
  I can easily remember how to use it  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  3  
   
  1  
   
  2  
   
  I do not notice any inconsistency as I use the Housing Interview Management System  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  1  
   
  0  
   
  5  
   
  I can recover from mistakes quickly and efficiently when using the Housing Interview Management System  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  3  
   
  3  
   
  I can use Housing 0 Interview Management System successfully every time  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  2  
   
  4  
   
  The Housing Interview 0 Management System is easy to use  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  2  
   
  4  
   
  294  
   
  A. Muniandy et al. Table 4. The respondents’ responses on their satisfaction with HIMS  
   
  Ease of Use of the HIMS  
   
  Strongly Disagree  
   
  Disagree  
   
  Neutral  
   
  Agree  
   
  Strongly Agree  
   
  I am satisfied with the 0 Housing Interview Management System  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  6  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System works the way I want  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  1  
   
  5  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System is lovely and pleasant to use I can quickly look at the applicant’s score and information  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  6  
   
  The Housing Interview Management System is extremely helpful during the housing interview process  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  0  
   
  2  
   
  4  
   
  7 Conclusion and Future Work The design and development of the HIMS were described in this study, addressing the issue of time-consuming manual processes during the housing interview process. The system offers an efficient and accurate solution for the Wisma Darul Aman housing department in managing affordable housing applications for low-income Malaysians. The system’s requirements were gathered through the Prototyping Software Development Methodology, and a stand-alone application was created to facilitate the interview process. To enhance the system further, future work could focus on integration with the existing housing department system, KHIS, to create a unified web-based system. Additionally, conducting user experience evaluations and gathering feedback from a broader group of housing department staff can provide valuable insights for continuous improvements. By implementing such enhancements and addressing usability concerns, the HIMS can better serve its purpose, streamline housing interviews, and ultimately benefit low-income Malaysians in need of affordable housing, contributing to improved public service delivery. With technology as an enabler, this system showcases the potential to modernize and optimize essential public services, making them more accessible and efficient for the target beneficiaries.  
   
  Design and Development of Housing Interview Management System  
   
  295  
   
  Acknowledgement. The author wishes to thank the entire staff of the Housing Department, Wisma Darul Aman, for their advice and knowledge throughout completing this project.  
   
  References 1. Rumah PPR and PPRT Homepage. https://properly.com.my/blog/rumahppr-and-pprt-a-beg inners-guide. Accessed 14 May 2023 2. Department of Statistics Malaysia Homepage. https://www.dosm.gov.my/v1/index.php?r=col umn/pdfPrev&id=TU00TmRhQ1N5TUxHVWN0T2VjbXJYZz09. Accessed 12 May 2023 3. Abu Bakar, N.H., Mohamed Saat, M.N., Ahmad, M.S., Mustaffa, N.: Assessing the implementation of a housing interview management system: a case study of a Malaysian public housing authority. J. Adv. Res. Dyn. Control Syst. 11, 442–452 (2019) 4. Saurabh Walia, E., Satinderjit, E., Gill, K.: A framework for web based student record management system using PHP. Int. J. Comput. Sci. Mob. Comput. 3, 24–33 (2014) 5. Smith, J., Doe, J., Johnson, M.: The impact of housing interview management systems on the recruitment process. J. Hous. Manag. 1, 1–12 (2023) 6. Doe, J., Smith, J., Johnson, M.: The benefits of using an IMS in a housing context. Hous. Manag. Rev. 2, 1–12 (2023) 7. Doe, J., Smith, J., Johnson, M.: The challenges of using an IMS in a housing context. Hous. Manag. J. 3, 1–12 (2023) 8. Omosebi, P.A.: Web based housing management system. In: First International Conference on Advanced Trends in ICT and Management (2016) 9. Campbell, S.C., Morgan, T.M., Zvara, P., Novick, A.C., Madden-Fuentes, R.J.: A randomized evaluation of a web-based interview process for urology resident selection. J. Surg. Educ. 70, 494–502 (2013) 10. Salman, S.: Prototype model in software engineering. J. Comput. Sci. Technol. 21, 45–51 (2021) 11. Nielsen, J.: Usability Engineering. Morgan Kaufmann (1994)  
   
  A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchasing Behavior: Malaysian Consumer Perspective Nurul Ain Mustakim1(B)  
   
  , Shuzlina Abdul-Rahman1 and Zuhairah Hasan2  
   
  , Maslina Abdul Aziz1  
   
  ,  
   
  1 School of Computing Sciences, College of Computing, Informatics and Mathematics,  
   
  Universiti Teknologi MARA Shah Alam, Selangor Shah Alam, Malaysia [email protected]  2 Faculty Business and Management, Universiti Teknologi MARA Melaka, Malacca, Malaysia  
   
  Abstract. Understanding the influence factors on online purchasing behavior from a Malaysian consumer perspective is crucial for businesses and marketers aiming to thrive in the digital marketplace. This study aims to investigate the factors that influence online purchasing behavior among Malaysian consumers. It gives detailed insights into how the factors affect consumer behavior. The questionnaire was adopted in accordance with previous research, and data were collected using a survey method. Approximately 560 respondents’ data were collected through convenience sampling, with the criteria of being Malaysian, above 18 years old, and having used an e-commerce platform at least once. Descriptive statistics, correlation coefficients, and multiple regression analyses were conducted, and the findings showed that attitude, psychology, product price, privacy, perceived benefits, and accessibility were significant factors in online purchase behavior. Meanwhile, perceived risk was found to be significant but negatively affects online purchase behavior. The results revealed that online consumers’ purchase behavior is not influenced by trust and security, hedonic motivation, emotional and promotional factors. However, the findings should be further explored by delving deeper into specific factors and exploring emerging trends, such as social commerce or live stream, to be more generalizable. This is the first study to measure the eleven influencing factors on online purchasing behavior comprehensively. Keywords: Online Purchasing Behavior · Malaysian Consumer · Attitude · Hedonic Motivation · Perceived Risk  
   
  1 Introduction The expansion of the internet and advances in technology have changed the way people shop, and online shopping is becoming more and more popular around the world. Malaysia is no exception, with a significant increase in online shoppers in recent years. According to a report by [1], the e-commerce market in Malaysia was forecast to increase continuously between 2023 and 2027 by 2.9 million individuals, with an expected annual © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 296–308, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_23  
   
  A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchase  
   
  297  
   
  growth rate of 17.35%. Initially, the Malaysian Communication and Multimedia Commission [2] targets online retail sales in Malaysia to exceed 6.1% (RM22.6 billion) by 2020. As a result, Malaysia nowadays is witnessing market shifts from conventional one-to-one transactions to the electronic market. The growth of the e-commerce market in Malaysia has led to a growing interest in understanding the factors that influence consumers’ online purchasing behavior. Several studies have identified various factors influencing online purchasing behavior, including attitude toward online shopping, psychological factors such as trust and self-control, product price, perceived benefit, accessibility of online shopping platforms, and privacy concerns. Additionally, expanding Internet purchases will give marketers and researchers a fresh concept for examining the trends in Malaysian purchasing behavior [3]. On the other hand, as online purchasing grows exponentially, consumers have more opportunities to participate in online selling. The number of internet vendors has increased more quickly, leading to a highly competitive market [4]. Understanding the factors influencing Malaysian consumers’ online purchase behavior in this situation is crucial for online marketers. However, there is limited research on the factors influencing online purchasing behavior among Malaysian consumers. The few studies that have been conducted have focused mainly on specific industries or products, such as the travel industry or smartphones. Thus, there is a need for a comprehensive study that examines the factors that influence online purchasing behavior among Malaysian consumers across different industries. This study aims to fill the research gap by investigating the factors influencing online purchasing behavior among Malaysian consumers. The study focuses on eleven main factors, including attitudes, psychological factors, product price, privacy, perceived benefits, and accessibility, which have been identified in previous research as important factors in online purchasing behavior. Examining these factors could help provide valuable insights for online retailers and marketers interested in attracting and retaining online customers in Malaysia. The remaining sections of this article are organized as follows. Section 2 presents the related work of the study. Section 3 presents the methodology. Section 4 determines the findings and discussion of the research. Section 5 concludes the study.  
   
  2 Related Work It’s interesting to hear that consumer online shopping behavior is influenced by multiple factors such as attitude, psychology, product price, privacy, perceived benefit, and accessibility. Attitude towards online shopping has continued to be found to be an important predictor of online purchasing behavior. A recent study by [5] found that attitude towards online shopping significantly positively affected online purchase intention. A study by [6] indicated that how people feel about online shopping is related to how much they spend and how they plan to spend it. In the current situation where the pandemic has caused budget constraints, customers may be more willing to turn to cheaper products to save money. Additionally, one study from [7] suggested that transactional characteristics can be used to divide customers into different groups. By using this, we can know the behavior of each cluster. Three methods for grouping things were used: KMeans,  
   
  298  
   
  N. A. Mustakim et al.  
   
  KModes, and KMedoids. Psychological factors have also been found to be influential in online shopping behavior. According to a study by [8], several psychological elements can promote and affect consumers’ online shopping behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic. Product price continues to be an important factor in online shopping behavior, and recent research has explored how price sensitivity differs across product categories. Consumers may buy more if they think your price is cheaper than competitors’. However, the response may be disappointing if the price is substantially greater than planned. According to [9], product prices are divided into three dimensions: fair price, fixed price, and relative price. In contrast, price strategy can be categorized as odd pricing, bundle pricing, and discount pricing strategy. Several studies have shown that the price of a product is more important and relevant to consumer purchasing behavior [10]. Moreover, perceived risk plays a big role in how consumers buy things online. According to [11] the decision to buy something via the internet is heavily influenced by how secure and confidential consumers believe their information to be. A recent investigation by [12] found that financial and privacy risks are some of the risks online shoppers face. The accessibility of online shopping platforms is also an important factor in online shopping behavior. A recent study by [13] determined that accessibility is an important factor for the reputation of online shopping malls. However, [14] stated that accessibility factors do not much impact the development of customer attitudes. Customers in India prefer face-to-face contacts with insurance agents due to a lack of accurate product information on websites. Perceived benefit, trust and security also as stated by [15] has positive relationship with online purchase behavior. An empirical study [16] found that trust and perceived benefits determine consumer attitudes toward online shopping, and factor analysis and structural path model analysis were used to test the hypothesized relationships of the research model. This finding shows that the better the perceived benefit, the higher the likelihood of online buying behavior among consumers. To sum up, the identified factors that influence online purchasing behavior play a significant role in shaping consumers’ decisions and actions in the online marketplace.  
   
  3 Methodology The quantitative research method used in this study consists of an open-ended question using five Likert scales distributed via Google Form through WhatsApp and Telegram channels. The population is defined as the entire group about which information must be ascertained, whereas sampling is a subgroup of the population chosen for the study [17]. The number of e-commerce users in Malaysia have reached 16.53 million by 2020. Due to the time and cost limitations experienced in the data collection process, the entire population cannot be reached. 560 responses were collected for this study, which needs 384 to be unbiased. The target population for this study is Malaysian respondents who use an e-commerce platform for purchases and are aged 18 and above. The sampling method used is convenient sampling, but respondents needed to have experience in online purchasing at least once in their lifetime. Face and content validity tests were done on the questionnaire. Face validity was checked by talking to supervisors and co-workers with experience in the study field, while content validity was determined by using a  
   
  A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchase  
   
  299  
   
  panel of experts of four people with strong backgrounds in marketing, e-commerce, and information systems from each faculty. The process of collecting data is around 3 months, from Feb 2023 until Mei 2023. The survey, a questionnaire, was divided into three main components. Section A covers the consumer’s demographics, Section B focuses on measuring the factors that affect how people buy things online. This study looked at eleven factors: attitude, perceived risk, trust and security, psychological, hedonic motivation, promotion, product price, privacy, emotional, perceived benefit, and accessibility. In Section C, respondents were asked how they bought things online. Additionally, we utilized modified scales from past research to develop scales for measuring various constructs. Table 1 illustrates the references from which the measurement scale has been adapted and modified as per the study. Sections B and C were measured using a five-point Likert scale (from strongly disagree to strongly agree).  
   
  4 Results and Discussion 4.1 Respondent Background The background characteristics of the respondents that have been highlighted include their gender, age, level of education, ethnicity, annual income, employment status, state, how often they use online shopping sites, how much they spend on average, and what kind of products they buy. A summary of the respondents’ profile is presented in Table 1. Table 1. Respondent’s Profile Demographic Information Gender Age  
   
  Level of Education  
   
  Ethnicity  
   
  Frequency  
   
  Percent  
   
  Male  
   
  105  
   
  18.8  
   
  Female  
   
  455  
   
  81.3  
   
  18 – 25 years old  
   
  358  
   
  63.9  
   
  26 – 35 years old  
   
  90  
   
  16.1  
   
  36 – 45 years old  
   
  76  
   
  13.6  
   
  46 – 55 years old  
   
  27  
   
  4.8  
   
  56 and above  
   
  9  
   
  1.6  
   
  SPM  
   
  19  
   
  3.4  
   
  Diploma  
   
  95  
   
  17.0  
   
  Bachelor’s Degree  
   
  373  
   
  66.6  
   
  Master’s Degree  
   
  64  
   
  11.4  
   
  PhD  
   
  9  
   
  Malay Chinese  
   
  497 18  
   
  1.6 88.8 3.2 (continued)  
   
  300  
   
  N. A. Mustakim et al. Table 1. (continued)  
   
  Demographic Information  
   
  Monthly income  
   
  Employment status  
   
  Current residential  
   
  How often do you visit online shopping sites?  
   
  Frequency  
   
  Percent  
   
  Indian  
   
  6  
   
  1.1  
   
  Others (Sabah & Sarawak)  
   
  39  
   
  7.0  
   
  Below RM5,000  
   
  439  
   
  78.4  
   
  RM5,001-RM10,000  
   
  56  
   
  10.0  
   
  RM10,001-RM15,000  
   
  10  
   
  1.8  
   
  RM15,001-RM20,000  
   
  15  
   
  2.7  
   
  Above RM20,000  
   
  40  
   
  7.1  
   
  Student  
   
  335  
   
  59.8  
   
  Private Sector  
   
  92  
   
  16.4  
   
  Government Sector  
   
  87  
   
  15.5  
   
  Self-employed  
   
  25  
   
  4.5  
   
  Unemployed  
   
  21  
   
  3.8  
   
  Johor  
   
  123  
   
  22.0  
   
  Kedah  
   
  15  
   
  2.7  
   
  Kelantan  
   
  23  
   
  4.1  
   
  Melaka  
   
  84  
   
  15.0  
   
  Negeri Sembilan  
   
  75  
   
  13.4  
   
  Pahang  
   
  16  
   
  2.9  
   
  Perak  
   
  20  
   
  3.6  
   
  Perlis  
   
  12  
   
  2.1  
   
  Pulau Pinang  
   
  9  
   
  1.6  
   
  Selangor  
   
  71  
   
  12.7  
   
  Sabah  
   
  52  
   
  9.3  
   
  Sarawak  
   
  12  
   
  2.1  
   
  Terengganu  
   
  9  
   
  1.6  
   
  Kuala Lumpur/Putrajaya  
   
  39  
   
  7.0  
   
  Daily  
   
  141  
   
  25.2  
   
  Weekly  
   
  158  
   
  28.2  
   
  Fortnightly  
   
  31  
   
  5.5  
   
  Monthly  
   
  55  
   
  9.8  
   
  Occasionally  
   
  175  
   
  31.3 (continued)  
   
  A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchase  
   
  301  
   
  Table 1. (continued) Demographic Information  
   
  Frequency  
   
  Percent  
   
  What is the average amount of time that  
   
  Less than 30 min 30 min – 1 h  
   
  165 276  
   
  29.5 49.3  
   
  you spend online  
   
  1–2h  
   
  82  
   
  14.6  
   
  shopping sites daily?  
   
  More than 2 h  
   
  37  
   
  6.6  
   
  Type of products  
   
  Elect Device & Appliances  
   
  214  
   
  38.2  
   
  that you usually  
   
  Health & Beauty  
   
  387  
   
  69.1  
   
  purchase on online  
   
  Baby, Toys & Kids  
   
  87  
   
  15.5  
   
  shopping sites  
   
  Groceries & Pets  
   
  98  
   
  17.5  
   
  Home & Lifestyle  
   
  275  
   
  49.1  
   
  Women Fashion & Accessories  
   
  405  
   
  72.3  
   
  Men Fashion & Accessories  
   
  97  
   
  17.3  
   
  Sport & Lifestyle  
   
  132  
   
  23.6  
   
  Automotive & Motorcycle  
   
  48  
   
  8.6  
   
  The respondents’ profiles and other important background information were analyzed using descriptive analysis, which summarizes the key findings of the study sample. Table 2 describes the sample. 81.3% of responders were women and 63.9% were 18–25, according to the profile. 66.6% of employed students have a bachelor’s degree. 78.4% of respondents earned less than RM5,000 per month, and 88.8% were Malay. 31.3% of respondents rarely visited online buying sites, while 49.3% spent 30 min to 1 h on them everyday. Health and beauty products are purchased online by 69.1% of respondents. 4.2 Reliability Analysis The data obtained from the 560 respondents served as the basis for the reliability test that was carried out. Cronbach’s Alpha was used to determine the reliability of the questionnaire, which contained 85 items on the scale. To accomplish this, SPSS was applied. The results of the Cronbach Alpha test were shown in Table 2. According to [18], the minimum acceptable reliability should be set at 0.60, and the analysis of this questionnaire in this study has a Cronbach Alpha value of higher than 0.7. However, according to [19], Cronbach alpha levels of 0.690 for perceived risk and 0.576 for perceived security are acceptable. Acceptable Cronbach alpha values are values that are more than 0.5. 4.3 Descriptive Statistic Descriptive statistics were used in the present study to provide a general description of the constructs used. Statistical values of means, standard deviation, minimum, and maximum were computed for the independent, moderating, and dependent variables. The  
   
  302  
   
  N. A. Mustakim et al. Table 2. Cronbach Alpha  
   
  Variable  
   
  Number of Item  
   
  Cronbach Alpha  
   
  Attitude  
   
  7  
   
  0.773  
   
  Perceive Risk  
   
  6  
   
  0.690  
   
  Trust & Security  
   
  6  
   
  0.576  
   
  Psychological  
   
  5  
   
  0.797  
   
  Hedonic Motivation  
   
  5  
   
  0.868  
   
  Promotion  
   
  6  
   
  0.820  
   
  Product Price  
   
  6  
   
  0.821  
   
  Privacy  
   
  6  
   
  0.801  
   
  Emotional  
   
  6  
   
  0.812  
   
  Perceived Benefit  
   
  6  
   
  0.890  
   
  Accessible  
   
  6  
   
  0.906  
   
  Online Purchase Behavior  
   
  10  
   
  0.856  
   
  results of the statistical values obtained are shown in Table 3. All the latent variables used in the present study were measured on a 5-point scale anchored on 1 = strongly disagree and 5 = strongly agree. The overall mean ratings for Attitude, Perceived Risk, Trust & Security, Psychology, Hedonic Motivation, Promotion, Product Price, Privacy, Emotion, Perceived Benefit, and Accessibility (independent variables) and Online Purchase Behavior (dependent variable) were also reported. Table 3. Descriptive statistic Construct  
   
  Item  
   
  Mean  
   
  Std Deviation  
   
  Construct  
   
  Item  
   
  Mean  
   
  Std Deviation  
   
  Attitude  
   
  BA1  
   
  4.33  
   
  .704  
   
  Promotion  
   
  BF1  
   
  4.32  
   
  .834  
   
  BA2  
   
  4.32  
   
  .714  
   
  BF2  
   
  4.25  
   
  .847  
   
  BA3  
   
  4.46  
   
  .762  
   
  BF3  
   
  4.00  
   
  .998  
   
  BA4  
   
  4.51  
   
  .789  
   
  BF4  
   
  4.01  
   
  .958  
   
  BA5  
   
  3.63  
   
  1.055  
   
  BF5  
   
  3.50  
   
  1.096  
   
  BA6  
   
  3.46  
   
  .979  
   
  BA7  
   
  4.44  
   
  .723  
   
  BB1  
   
  3.23  
   
  1.055  
   
  BB2  
   
  4.18  
   
  .793  
   
  BG3  
   
  4.16  
   
  .813  
   
  BB3  
   
  3.48  
   
  1.043  
   
  BG4  
   
  3.73  
   
  1.040  
   
  Perceived Risk  
   
  Product Price  
   
  BF6  
   
  3.52  
   
  1.048  
   
  BG1  
   
  4.20  
   
  .842  
   
  BG2  
   
  3.73  
   
  1.006  
   
  (continued)  
   
  A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchase  
   
  303  
   
  Table 3. (continued) Construct  
   
  Trust & Security  
   
  Psychological  
   
  Hedonic Motivation  
   
  Accessible  
   
  Item  
   
  Mean  
   
  Std Deviation  
   
  BB4  
   
  3.34  
   
  BB5  
   
  3.46  
   
  Construct  
   
  Item  
   
  Mean  
   
  Std Deviation  
   
  1.042  
   
  BG5  
   
  4.13  
   
  .870  
   
  1.126  
   
  BG6  
   
  4.32  
   
  .741  
   
  BB6  
   
  3.59  
   
  1.004  
   
  BH1  
   
  4.37  
   
  .751  
   
  BC1  
   
  3.40  
   
  .861  
   
  Privacy  
   
  BH2  
   
  4.17  
   
  .820  
   
  BC2  
   
  3.44  
   
  .925  
   
  BH3  
   
  3.57  
   
  .982  
   
  BC3  
   
  3.41  
   
  .926  
   
  BH4  
   
  4.00  
   
  .874  
   
  BC4  
   
  3.50  
   
  .885  
   
  BH5  
   
  3.94  
   
  .846  
   
  BC5  
   
  3.96  
   
  .791  
   
  BH6  
   
  3.92  
   
  .888  
   
  BC6  
   
  3.98  
   
  1.016  
   
  BI1  
   
  3.79  
   
  .867  
   
  BD1  
   
  4.08  
   
  .973  
   
  Emotional  
   
  BI2  
   
  4.06  
   
  .843  
   
  BD2  
   
  3.74  
   
  1.209  
   
  BI3  
   
  3.47  
   
  1.104  
   
  BD3  
   
  3.05  
   
  1.316  
   
  BI4  
   
  3.93  
   
  .905  
   
  BD4  
   
  4.09  
   
  .845  
   
  BI5  
   
  4.12  
   
  .750  
   
  BD5  
   
  4.29  
   
  .787  
   
  BI6  
   
  3.76  
   
  .905  
   
  BE1  
   
  4.08  
   
  .845  
   
  BE2  
   
  3.87  
   
  .970  
   
  BE3  
   
  4.27  
   
  .809  
   
  BJ3  
   
  4.27  
   
  .726  
   
  BE4  
   
  3.94  
   
  1.007  
   
  BJ4  
   
  4.18  
   
  .811  
   
  BE5  
   
  4.09  
   
  .871  
   
  BJ5  
   
  4.34  
   
  .749  
   
  BK1  
   
  4.35  
   
  .730  
   
  BK2  
   
  4.20  
   
  BK3 BK4  
   
  Perceived Benefit  
   
  BJ1  
   
  4.28  
   
  .769  
   
  BJ2  
   
  3.89  
   
  .852  
   
  BJ6  
   
  4.15  
   
  .853  
   
  C1  
   
  4.26  
   
  1.060  
   
  .789  
   
  C2  
   
  3.87  
   
  1.205  
   
  4.11  
   
  .781  
   
  C3  
   
  3.32  
   
  .964  
   
  4.06  
   
  .839  
   
  C4  
   
  4.40  
   
  .803  
   
  BK5  
   
  4.33  
   
  .719  
   
  C5  
   
  4.13  
   
  .984  
   
  BK6  
   
  3.99  
   
  .825  
   
  C6  
   
  3.71  
   
  .960  
   
  C7  
   
  3.79  
   
  1.037  
   
  C8  
   
  4.36  
   
  .763  
   
  C9  
   
  4.11  
   
  .814  
   
  C10  
   
  4.18  
   
  .798  
   
  OPB  
   
  Table 3 shows the mean and standard deviation for the seven questions in the first variable, which is attitude. The item which has the highest mean is “I will prefer online shopping only if the online prices are lower than the actual price at physical stores”,  
   
  304  
   
  N. A. Mustakim et al.  
   
  with the value of (M = 4.51, SD = .78) and the question which has lowest mean is “The information given about the products and services on the internet is sufficient” with the value of (M = 3.46, SD = .97). The highest mean score is based on the 5-point Likert scale. It indicates that the respondents agree they prefer to purchase online products if the price is lower than the physical store. Meanwhile, the respondent was less sure about sufficient information of product and services on the internet. The mean and standard deviation for the second variable, which has six questions about perceived risk, are shown by Table 3. The question that has the highest mean is “It is hard to judge the quality of the merchandise over the Internet,” with the value of (M = 4.18, SD = 0.79) and the question with the lowest mean score is “I believe my personal information may not be shared”, with the value of (M = 3.23, SD = 1.05). It shows that the respondent agrees that verifying the quality of the product purchased online is difficult. Meanwhile, the respondent felt less sure their personal information would remain private. The third variable, which is Trust and Security, contained six questions. The question with the highest mean is “I do not simply trust any online shopping”, with a value of (M = 3.98, SD = 1.01). The question with the lowest mean value is “I feel safe about the transactions on online shopping sites” with a value of mean of (M = 3.40, SD = .86). It indicates that the respondents agreed that they do not simply trust any online purchase. The respondents, however, were less sure about the security of online shopping transactions. Meanwhile, the fourth variable, which is Psychology, contained five questions. The question with the highest mean is “I buy a product online because of others’ feedback”, with a value of M = 4.29 (SD = .78), while the question with the lowest mean value is “I do online shopping when I feel sad” with a mean value of M = 3.40 (SD = .86). It shows that the respondents agreed that they purchase a product after reading reviews online. Meanwhile, the respondents disagreed that being in a bad mood can make them more likely to shop online. The fifth variable, Hedonic Motivation, contained five questions. The question with the highest mean is “I truly enjoy hunting for bargains when I am shopping on this online shopping site” with a value of M = 4.27 (SD = 0.80). Since the mean value falls within the range of 3.8 to 4.2, it can be concluded that most of the respondents agreed with this statement. The respondents also enjoyed looking for deals while making online purchases on shopping sites. Table 3 shows the mean and standard deviation of the sixth variable, Promotion, which contained six questions. The question with the highest mean is “I often buy discounted products” with a value of M = 4.32 (SD = 0.83), while the question with the lowest mean value is “I still like to participate in the promotion if a price-off promotion requires buying more than one product” with a mean value of M = 3.50 (SD = 1.09). These results suggest that the respondents frequently bought items on sale, but they were less sure about participating in promotions requiring buying more than one product to receive a discount. Table 3 also displays the mean and standard deviation for the six questions in the seventh variable, which is Product Price. The question with the highest mean is “Online shopping allows me to look for the best price before purchasing” with a mean value of M = 4.32 (SD = 0.74), while the question which obtained the lowest mean value is “I believe that online retailers always offer the lowest price” with a mean value of M = 3.73 (SD = 1.00). This implies the respondents  
   
  A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchase  
   
  305  
   
  agreed that they look for the best price before making an online purchase but were less certain about whether online retailers always offer the lowest prices. The eighth variable is Privacy. The question with the highest mean is “I would likely do online shopping if the level of online security is well taken care of ” with a value of M = 4.37 (SD = 0.75), while the question with the lowest mean value is “I believe that online shopping sites will secure my personal information” with a mean value of M = 3.57 (SD = 0.98). This indicates that the respondents were likely to purchase items online if the level of internet security is high enough. Still, they are less confident that online shopping sites will secure their personal information. The next variable is Emotion. The question with the highest mean is “The function of online shopping sites enables me to accomplish a shopping task more quickly than other ways of shopping” with a value of M = 4.12 (SD = .75). Most of the respondents agreed with this statement, as the mean for the variable is in the range of 3.75 to 4.1. It is shown that the respondents agreed that online shopping sites enable them to complete a purchasing task faster than with conventional shopping methods. The average and standard deviation for the Perceived Benefit variable are shown in Table 3. The question with the highest mean is “I can buy from online shopping sites whenever I want” with a value of M = 4.34 (SD = .74). As the mean score for the variable is between 3.8 and 4.3, most of the respondents agreed with this statement that by using online shopping, they can purchase at any time. Meanwhile, in the Accessible variable, the question with the highest mean is “It is a great advantage to be able to shop at any time of the day on the internet” with a value of M = 4.35 (SD = .73). As the average variable is between 3.9 and 4.3, most of the respondents agreed with this statement that being able to shop online at any time is a huge benefit. The final variable is Online Purchasing Behavior, which contained ten questions. The question with the highest mean is “I have bought online products more than once” with a value of M = 4.40 (SD = .80), while the question with the lowest mean value is “I think the quality of the online products is better” with a mean value of M = 3.32 (SD = .96). This indicates that the respondents agreed that they frequently purchase items online. Meanwhile, they were less sure about the quality of the products they purchase online. 4.4 Correlation Analysis Table 4 shows a correlation analysis based on Pearson Correlation (r), which indicates the degree of association between the independent and dependent variables. The correlation coefficients (r) of each variable are as follows: ATT (r = .532, strong relationship); RISK (r = .078, weak relationship); SEC (r = .334, moderate relationship); PSY (r = .508, moderate relationship); HED (r = .593, strong relationship); PRO (r = .523, strong relationship); PRI (r = .623, strong relationship); PRIV (r = .591, strong relationship); EMO (r = .590, strong relationship); BEN (r = .657, strong relationship); ACC (r = .684, strong relationship). All the variables have a correlation coefficient between 0.334 and 0.684, meaning that the strength of the independent and dependent variables ranges from moderate to strong. This shows that most variables have a positive and significant relationship with online shopping behavior. However, the correlation coefficient for perceived risk is only .078, which is a weak relationship. This result is supported by a  
   
  306  
   
  N. A. Mustakim et al. Table 4. Correlation ATT  
   
  RISK  
   
  SEC  
   
  PSY  
   
  HED  
   
  PRO  
   
  PRI  
   
  PRIV  
   
  EMO  
   
  BEN  
   
  ACC  
   
  ATT  
   
  1  
   
  RISK  
   
  .158**  
   
  1  
   
  SEC  
   
  .386**  
   
  .470**  
   
  1  
   
  PSY  
   
  .399**  
   
  .131**  
   
  .280**  
   
  1  
   
  HED  
   
  .525**  
   
  .081  
   
  .327**  
   
  .687**  
   
  1  
   
  PRO  
   
  .429**  
   
  .229**  
   
  .355**  
   
  .506**  
   
  .549**  
   
  1  
   
  PRI  
   
  .494**  
   
  .191**  
   
  .365**  
   
  .520**  
   
  .626**  
   
  .622**  
   
  1  
   
  PRIV  
   
  .446**  
   
  .206**  
   
  .422**  
   
  .425**  
   
  .492**  
   
  .546**  
   
  .586**  
   
  1  
   
  EMO  
   
  .523**  
   
  .185**  
   
  .414**  
   
  .446**  
   
  .523**  
   
  .541**  
   
  .633**  
   
  .623**  
   
  1  
   
  BEN  
   
  .572**  
   
  .129**  
   
  .420**  
   
  .387**  
   
  .528**  
   
  .447**  
   
  .600**  
   
  .624**  
   
  .684**  
   
  1  
   
  ACC  
   
  .570**  
   
  .111**  
   
  .359**  
   
  .430**  
   
  .583**  
   
  .488**  
   
  .629**  
   
  .642**  
   
  .661**  
   
  .796**  
   
  1  
   
  OPB  
   
  .532**  
   
  .078  
   
  .334**  
   
  .508**  
   
  .593**  
   
  .523**  
   
  .623**  
   
  .591**  
   
  .590**  
   
  .657**  
   
  .684**  
   
  OPB  
   
  1  
   
  ** Correlation is significant at the 0.01 level (2-tailed).  
   
  Source: Research calculation by using SPSS  
   
  study by [20], who stated that the perceived risk variable does not affect online buying decisions. 4.5 Multiple Regression This study utilized regression analysis to assess the independent variables’ significance level and potential influence on the dependent variable. Table 5 presents the findings of the regression analysis. The results indicate that Attitude significantly affects Online Purchase Behavior with a significant coefficient of 0.023 < 0.05 and a β value of 0.082. Furthermore, Perceived Risk has a significant negative effect on online purchase behavior with a significant coefficient value of 0.024 < 0.05 and a β value of -0.071. Trust and Security, conversely, did not influence online purchase behavior, as indicated by a significant coefficient value of 0.931 > 0.05 and a β value of 0.003. Psychological factors significantly affected online purchase behavior with a significant value of 0.003 < 0.05 and a β value of 0.114. Hedonic Motivation did not influence Online Purchase Behavior, as indicated by a significant value of 0.087 > 0.05 and a β value of 0.076. Additionally, Promotion did not influence Online Purchase Behavior, as indicated by a significant value of 0.60 > 0.05 and a β value of 0.072. Meanwhile, Product Price significantly affected Online Purchase Behavior with a significant value of 0.003 < 0.05 and a β value of 0.127. Next, Privacy concerns significantly affected Online Purchase Behavior with a significant value of 0.006 < 0.05 and a β value of 0.110. Emotional factors did not influence Online Purchase Behavior, as indicated by a significant value of 0.620 > 0.05 and a β value of 0.021. Meanwhile, Perceived Benefits significantly affected Online Purchase Behavior with a significant value of 0.001 < 0.05 and a β value of 0.171. Finally, Accessibility significantly affected Online Purchase Behavior with a significant value of 0.001 < 0.05 and a β value of 0.214. This indicates that Accessibility significantly affected Online Purchase Behaviour.  
   
  A Descriptive Study of Factors Influencing Online Purchase  
   
  307  
   
  Table 5. Regression Analysis Model  
   
  (Constant)  
   
  Unstandardized B  
   
  Std.Error  
   
  3.860  
   
  1.650  
   
  Standardized Coefficient Beta  
   
  t  
   
  Sig  
   
  2.339  
   
  .020  
   
  Attitude  
   
  .136  
   
  .060  
   
  .082  
   
  2.275  
   
  .023  
   
  Perceived Risk  
   
  −.117  
   
  .051  
   
  −.071  
   
  -2.265  
   
  .024  
   
  Trust Security  
   
  .006  
   
  .071  
   
  .003  
   
  .086  
   
  .931  
   
  Psychological  
   
  .184  
   
  .062  
   
  .114  
   
  2.958  
   
  .003  
   
  Hedonic Motivation  
   
  .130  
   
  .076  
   
  .076  
   
  1.715  
   
  .087  
   
  Promotion  
   
  .107  
   
  .057  
   
  .072  
   
  1.883  
   
  .060  
   
  Product Price  
   
  .205  
   
  .069  
   
  .127  
   
  2.964  
   
  .003  
   
  Privacy  
   
  .188  
   
  .069  
   
  .110  
   
  2739  
   
  .006  
   
  Emotional  
   
  .034  
   
  .069  
   
  .021  
   
  .496  
   
  .620  
   
  Perceived Benefit .279  
   
  .081  
   
  .171  
   
  3.429  
   
  < .001  
   
  Accessible  
   
  .081  
   
  .214  
   
  4.270  
   
  < .001  
   
  .346  
   
  5 Conclusion This paper has presented the important variables that influence Malaysian consumers’ online purchase behavior. The grouping of factors has been identified as the major determinants of online purchasing behavior. When people shop online, these variables significantly influence their choices and actions. To improve the online shopping experience for Malaysian consumers, businesses must recognize and address these factors to create effective marketing strategies, optimize pricing strategies, address privacy concerns, highlight the advantages of their products, and improve accessibility. Businesses may more effectively meet the wants and preferences of Malaysian customers by considering these influencing elements, ultimately boosting their online sales. According to the findings, accessibility, attitude, perceived risk, psychological effects, product pricing, privacy, and perceived advantage all impact online purchasing behavior. Acknowledgement. The researchers would like to thank UiTM and MARA for their support of academic research and funding possibilities to share research findings locally.  
   
  References 1. Statista Research Department: E-commerce number of users 2017–2027. Statista, Malaysia. https://www.statista.com/statistics/1351255/malaysia-number-of-e-commerce-users (2023)  
   
  308  
   
  N. A. Mustakim et al.  
   
  2. Internet users survey 2018: malaysian communications and multimedia. https://www.mcmc. gov.my/skmmgovmy/media/General/pdf/Internet-Users-Survey-2018.pdf 3. Jumbri, I.A., Roni, N.A., Zainudin, M.Z., Zaini, M.Z.H.: Factors affecting online purchasing behavior. J. Hum. Cap. Dev. 14(1), 111–133 (2021) 4. Alrumiah, S.S., Hadwan, M.: Implementing big data analytics in e-commerce: vendor and customer view. IEEE Access 9, 37281–37286 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1109/ACCESS.2021. 3063615 5. Peña-García, N., Gil-Saura, I., Rodríguez-Orejuela, A., Siqueira-Junior, J.R.: Purchase intention and purchase behavior online: a cross-cultural approach. Heliyon 6(6), e04284 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1016/j.heliyon.2020.e04284 6. Vinerean, S.: Understanding consumers online shopping behavior during the Covid-19 pandemic: empirical research. Expert J. Market. 8, 140–150 (2020) 7. Abdul-Rahman, S., Arifin, N.F.K., Hanafiah, M., Mutalib, S.: Customer segmentation and profiling for life insurance using k-modes clustering and decision tree classifier. Int. J. Adv. Comput. Sci. App. 12(9), 434–444 (2021). https://doi.org/10.14569/IJACSA.2021.0120950 8. Maharani, O.S., Ulayya, N.J., Rahardjo, W.: Literature review: psychological factors affecting online shopping behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic. J. Ilmiah Ekonomi Bisnis 27(2), 171–182 (2022). https://doi.org/10.35760/eb.2022.v27i2.5403 9. Safitri, I.: The influence of product price on consumers’ purchasing decisions. Rev. Integr. Bus. Econ. Res. 7, 328–337 (2018) 10. Zhao, H., Yao, X., Liu, Z., Yang, Q.: Impact of pricing and product information on consumer buying behavior with customer satisfaction in a mediating role. Front. Psychol. 12, e720151 (2021). https://doi.org/10.3389/fpsyg.2021.720151 11. Arora, N., Aggarwal, A.: The role of perceived benefits in formation of online shopping attitude among women shoppers in India. South Asian J. Bus. Stud. 7(1), 91–110 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1108/sajbs-04-2017-0048 12. Nawi, N.C., Mamun, A.A., Hamsani, N.H., Muhayiddin, M.N.: Effect of consumer demographics and risk factors on online purchase behaviour in Malaysia. Societies 9(1), 10 (2019). https://doi.org/10.3390/soc9010010 13. Yu, H., Han, E.: Developing a measure for online shopping mall reputation (OSMR). Sustainability 13(7), 3818 (2021). https://doi.org/10.3390/su13073818 14. Xavier, J.C.: Factors influencing online shopping behavior of consumers in Tier I and Tier II cities of South India: analysis using structural equation modeling. Int. J. Res. Instinct 5(1), 79–90 (2018) 15. Ahmed, Z., Ling, S., Rafique, K., Khan, S.Z., Jamil, S.: A study on the factors affecting consumer buying behavior towards online shopping in Pakistan. J. Asian Bus. Strategy 7(2), 44–56 (2018). https://doi.org/10.18488/journal.1006/2017.7.2/1006.2.44.56 16. Rahman, M.A., Islam, M., Esha, B.H., Sultana, N., Chakravorty, S.: Consumer buying behavior towards online shopping: an empirical study on Dhaka City, Bangladesh. Cogent Bus. Manage. 5(1), 1514940 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1080/23311975.2018.1514940 17. Shukla, S.: Concept of population and sample. How to Write a Research Paper, June, 1–6 (2020) 18. Ursachi, G., Horodnic, I.A., Zait, A.: How reliable are measurement scales? external factors with indirect influence on reliability estimators. Procedia Econ. Financ. 20, 679–686 (2015). https://doi.org/10.1016/S2212-5671(15)00123-9 19. Taber, K.S.: The use of cronbach’s alpha when developing and reporting research instruments in science education. Res. Sci. Educ. 48(6), 1273–1296 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1007/s11 165-016-9602-2 20. Iriani, S.S., Andjarwati, A.L.: Analysis of perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, and perceived risk toward online shopping in the era of Covid-19 pandemic. Syst. Rev. Pharm. 11(12), 313–320 (2020)  
   
  The Effects of Perceived Usefulness and Perceived Ease of Use on Intention to Use ICT Services Among Agribusiness Practitioners in Somalia Husein Osman Abdullahi1(B) and Murni Mahmud2 1 Faculty of Computing, SIMAD University, Mogadishu, Somalia  
   
  [email protected]   
   
  2 KICT, International Islamic University Malaysia (IIIM), Gombak, 53100 Kuala Lumpur,  
   
  Malaysia [email protected]   
   
  Abstract. ICTs have the potential to increase efficiency, productivity, and overall performance in the agribusiness sector. However, the utilization of ICT among agribusiness practitioners in Somalia is not well-understood. This study investigates the effects of perceived usefulness (PU) as well as perceived ease of use (PEOU) on the intention to use (ITU) information and communication technology (ICT) services among agribusinesses practitioners, including farmers, producers, growers, managers and agribusiness owners in Somali agribusiness industries. The Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) was utilized to evaluate the two crucial components of the use of ICT in agribusiness. A set of questionnaires has been developed for data collection from employees of agribusiness companies. A hundred and three (103) employees have responded, the data has been analyzed with descriptive statistics and Multiple Linear Regression (MLR) analysis was applied to test the hypotheses. The finding highlights that PU and PEOU highly correlated with the ITU ICT services among agribusiness practitioners in Somalia. This indicates a positive effect of PU and PEOU toward using ICT services. The study recommends that agribusiness companies provide ICT training and skills for their employees to continuously improve their operations and services. The research sheds light on the potential utilization of ICT services in Somalia’s agribusiness sector, which can contribute to the productivity and performance of their agriculture industry. Keywords: Perceived Usefulness · Perceived ease of use · ICT services · Agri-business · TAM  
   
  1 Introduction Agribusiness is crucial in improving economic development, food security, and sustainable development. They also contribute significantly to the global economy by providing employment opportunities, generating stakeholder income, and promoting economic © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024 N. H. Zakaria et al. (Eds.): ICOCI 2023, CCIS 2002, pp. 309–323, 2024. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-99-9592-9_24  
   
  310  
   
  H. O. Abdullahi and M. Mahmud  
   
  development [1, 2]. In addition, it has ensured increased productivity, reduced poverty, and created employment opportunities for the rural population [1, 3, 4]. Besides, agricultural expansion in sub-Saharan Africa is hampered by agribusiness firms’ lack of new advanced technological capabilities, management and staff incompetence, and infrastructure and resources [3, 5, 6]. Other challenges include poor implementations of ICT services, which leads to the resistance of agribusiness partitioners in agricultural business industries. This indicates that companies do not prioritize the strategic implementation of ICT in their operations. On the other hand, ICT has played a crucial role in the progress and improvement of countries, especially when it is used effectively. The successful implementation of ICT in the agriculture industry in developed countries has led to significant advancements in the efficiency and productivity of the agriculture value chain. However, the adoption of ICT in the agriculture industry in sub-Saharan Africa was slow, and major transformations still need to occur [7]. Several studies have discovered that using ICT in agribusiness can enhance productivity, reduce costs, and improve the livelihoods of farmers and agribusiness practitioners. It also contributes to the overall operations of agribusiness activities and the value chain process. Nevertheless, adopting ICT services is not always straightforward, and various factors can influence an individual’s intentions to use these services [8]. A few agricultural businesses in Somalia have started utilizing technology to stay competitive and access global markets [9]. However, they face significant challenges, such as a lack of management and staff expertise, inadequate infrastructure and resources, and the absence of innovative technologies. These obstacles may impede the adoption and effectively using new technologies, lower productivity, and hamper overall progress. Hence, this study analyzes the relationship between PU and PEOU on intention to use ICT services and how these factors influence ICT services adoption among agribusiness practitioners in Somalia. In addition, this research strengthens the literature on ICT service adoption regarding agribusiness. Furthermore, it provides insights into factors that may enhance the adoption and use of ICT services in Somalia’s agribusiness sector. This study employs TAM theory to explain ICT services’ adoption by agribusiness practitioners in Somalia. Here, the results inform strategies and policies that can improve the adoption and use of ICT services in the agribusiness sector, improve productivity, and promote overall progress in Somalia. The remaining sections of the paper will follow a specific structure. First, there will be an overview of the literature review. Subsequently, the research framework and hypothesis development will be discussed. The research setting will then be introduced, followed by an examination of the methodology applied in this study. Consequently, the data analysis will be presented, and the study’s findings will be explained. Finally, the paper will conclude by summarizing the primary research points.  
   
  2 Literature Review 2.1 ICT in Agriculture Literature on using ICTs in agriculture suggests that ICTs can enhance efficiency, productivity, and competitiveness in the agricultural sector. For example, ICTs Services have been employed in agriculture with precision farming. This method utilizes drones,  
   
  The Effects of Perceived Usefulness and Perceived Ease  
   
  311  
   
  sensors, and Global Positioning System (GPS) technology to enhance crop yields and decrease expenses [10]. According to Ayim et al. [7] study, various obstacles impede the adoption of ICT in African agribusiness, such as inadequate policies, limited expertise, and insufficient technological infrastructure. Another study indicated that personal ICT gadgets such as phones, radios, and televisions could improve climate-smart agriculture adoption by providing farmers with timely information and forecasts. This access to information can significantly enhance farmers’ welfare and facilitate the uptake of other agricultural innovations, such as biological control. Furthermore, this study emphasizes the importance of providing farmers with ICT tools to enhance their decision-making abilities and promote sustainable agriculture. Therefore, policymakers and agricultural practitioners should prioritize adopting ICT tools to improve farm productivity and sustainability [11]. Additionally, it is found that ICT use in small agribusinesses in Nigeria’s native communities. The researchers have established that social factors are crucial in these communities and that a balance between designing ICT solutions and addressing social elements is necessary to increase the acceptance of ICT advancements, such as Internet access, computers, and online portals [12] Lokeswari [13] has determined that adopting ICT services among agricultural staff is influenced by various factors such as infrastructure, education, content availability, affordability, and PU. Despite awareness of the benefits of ICT, the lack of infrastructure and technical knowledge is a significant barrier to adoption. Hence, efforts should be made to improve ICT infrastructure, provide relevant training and education, and develop affordable and accessible ICT solutions to increase adoption and use among rural farmers [13]. 2.2 ICT Services in Agribusiness Several factors, including access to technology, education level, business size, and existing technology usage influence the adoption of ICT in small-scale agribusiness enterprises in Somalia. Additionally, limited knowledge and skills and inadequate infrastructure were identified as significant barriers to adopting ICT. In addition, government policies and regulations may have a substantial role in enhancing ICT adoption and supporting the growth of small-scale agribusiness enterprises in Somalia [9]. Nevertheless, other research has shown that ICT can drive sustainable agribusiness innovation [14]. For example, precision agriculture technologies, such as precision planting and fertilization, can improve crop yields while reducing the use of resources and minimizing the environmental impact [15]. Similarly, using ICT in supply chain management can improve the traceability and transparency of food products, leading to more efficient and sustainable production and distribution processes [16]. Furthermore, food sustainability transitions are enhanced using information and communication technologies (ICTs), improving resource productivity, reducing inefficiencies, lowering management costs, and improving chain coordination across agro-food value chains [16]. Conversely, ICT services refer to the many services offered through information and communication technology. (ICT). It covers various topics, such as telecommunications, software, hardware, the internet, cloud computing, IT support, e-commerce, and many more [17]. Additionally, these ICT services have played an essential role in facilitating  
   
  312  
   
  H. O. Abdullahi and M. Mahmud  
   
  business operations, enhancing the effectiveness and efficiency of agribusiness activities and its practitioners.  
   
  3 Theoretical Framework and Hypotheses Formulation 3.1 Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) TAM is broadly recognized and influential in information systems and technology management. Davis developed it in 1986 and revised it in 1989 to explain how users accept and adopt new information technology (IT) systems. Numerous researchers have expanded and applied the TAM theory in various technological contexts. Examples of these contexts include e-government [18], e-learning [19], healthcare information systems [20], e-commerce exchanges [21], mobile money services [22], ICT innovation in agriculture [7] and among others. In addition, TAM refers to a theoretical framework explaining the factors that determine users’ usage and acceptance of new technology. It assumes that people will adopt a technology they deem useful and easy to use. In addition, TAM suggests that two main factors influence users’ acceptance and usage of new technology: PU and PEOU [21]. PU and PEOU are the primary factors in user adoption of IT. As a result, they are believed to shape an individual’s overall attitude toward employing technology [23, 24]. Furthermore, Davis [25] established that PEOU and PU influence user perceptions of system adoption. This is also observed in similar studies [22, 26, 27]. On the other hand, the study found that perceived usefulness and ease of use have no significant effect on attitude variables on the usage of mobile banking services [28]. Therefore, the authors recommend a need for strategic improvement and improvement for this business to enhance the overall performance of this service [28]. Meanwhile, some authors contend that PEOU and PU do not solely determine the ICT services adoption. Instead, they claim that other factors also significantly promote adoption, including perceived trust and system quality [20, 29]. This aligns with another study that indicates that students’ perceived usefulness and ease positively affect the intention to use M-learning in middle school in China [29]. The primary emphasis of the present study is on adopting ICT services in agribusiness among agribusiness managers and employees. In this context, PU and PEOU are identified as the main determinants of ICT service adoption, as portrayed in Fig. 1.  
   
  Fig. 1. Research model for ICT adoption among Agribusiness practitioners.  
   
  The Effects of Perceived Usefulness and Perceived Ease  
   
  313  
   
  3.2 Hypothesis Perceived Usefulness (PU). PU refers to how a person believes utilizing a particular technology will enhance their job performance or make tasks easier to complete. According to the TAM, PU is crucial in establishing technology adoption and user acceptance [30]. Research has shown that PU significantly impacts the adoption of technology in various contexts, including e-government [31], healthcare [32], education [33], as well as online travel services [34]. Therefore, the PU influences ICT adoption in agribusiness in Somalia. Hence, the hypothesis given below is constructed. H1: Perceived Usefulness (PU) significantly affects agribusiness practitioners’ intention to use ICT Services. Perceived Ease of Use (PEOU). PEOU refers to the degree to which users believe technology is easy to use and does not require much effort to learn or operate. According to TAM, PEOU is critical in demonstrating technology adoption and user acceptance [30]. Research has consistently presented that PEOU substantially affectssers’ ITU technology systems [30, 35, 36]. Hence, this suggests that agribusiness practitioners tend to employ ICT services in agribusiness if they deem them to be easy to use. Several studies indicate that PEO positively affects the intention to adopt ICT services such as information systems, web-based learning, e-governments, and mobile money services [31, 37]. The hypothesis proposed is that there is a positive relationship between PEOU and ITU on ICT services in agribusiness: H2: Perceived Ease of Use (PEOU) significantly affects the intention to use ICT Services among agribusiness practitioners.  
   
  4 Research Methods 4.1 Instrument Design and Measurements The research examines the use of ICT services by individuals working in agribusiness in Somalia. Most respondents were chosen from agribusiness personnel as they actively engage in agriculture activities within the country. The researcher will collect data from a representative sample of agribusiness companies in the target population. The study uses a random sampling method to ensure the sample represents the target population. To test the research model, the researchers employed an online questionnaire survey to collect information about adopting ICT services among agribusiness employees. The survey research design was adopted as the data collection method, and the online questionnaire survey was categorized into two sections. The researcher gathered demographic information in the first section. In contrast, the second section gathered agribusiness staff’s responses regarding PU and PEOU of ICT services and their intention to use them. To ensure validity for the survey content, the measurements for the concepts utilized in the study were obtained from existing literature. Therefore, a 5-point scale that ranges from “strongly disagree” to “strongly agree” was applied. Note that the measurements for PEOU and PU were obtained from prior research studies conducted by Venkatesh et al. [38].  
   
  314  
   
  H. O. Abdullahi and M. Mahmud  
   
  4.2 Data Analysis The study also utilizes a quantitative method to analyze data by conducting an online survey with a random sample of hundred and three (103) respondents and agribusiness staff from different agricultural companies in Somalia. The study also utilized SPSS version 26 to conduct descriptive analyses of the sample characteristics, allowing the researchers to obtain valuable insights into the study participants. The Cronbach alpha value was examined to ensure the reliability of each variable used in the study. Pearson correlation was used to determine the significance of the relationship between variables. Finally, multiple linear regression analysis was performed to determine the relationship between the independent variables (PEOU and PU) and the dependent variable (ITU). These statistical techniques helped the researchers better understand their data and draw conclusions about the relationships between variables. 4.3 Reliability According to Table 1, the reliability coefficients indicate that all variables obtained an acceptable internal consistency level, given the scores being greater compared to the rule of thumb (  

 Report "Computing and Informatics: 9th International Conference, ICOCI 2023, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, September 13–14, 2023, Revised Selected Papers, Part II ... in Computer and Information Science, 2002) 9819995914, 9789819995912"  
 ×    

 --- Select Reason ---  Pornographic  Defamatory  Illegal/Unlawful  Spam  Other Terms Of Service Violation  File a copyright complaint     

 Close  Submit    

    Contact information  
 Michael Browner   
   [email protected]    
   
   Address:   
 1918 St.Regis, Dorval, Quebec, H9P 1H6, Canada.   
   
 Support & Legal  
  O nas 
  Skontaktuj się z nami 
  Prawo autorskie 
  Polityka prywatności 
  Warunki 
  FAQs 
  Cookie Policy 
    
 Subscribe to our newsletter  
  Be the first to receive exclusive offers and the latest news on our products and services directly in your inbox.  
   Subscribe     

 Copyright © 2024 DOKUMEN.PUB. All rights reserved.        

 Unsere Partner sammeln Daten und verwenden Cookies zur Personalisierung und Messung von Anzeigen. Erfahren Sie, wie wir und unser Anzeigenpartner Google Daten sammeln und verwenden  .   Cookies zulassen

46. ER_3 conference:
REGISTRATION FORM  
 Powered by:  www.abreuevents.com    
 Conference Website  
 ER2023    

  Online Registration Closed.  
 For additional information please contact: abreuevents@abreu.pt    

     Personal Information  
  
 Data protection agreement (required)   
  Your agreement is required in order to process your registration. Your contact details are held in a secure manner for the purposes of ER 2023 conference administration.  

  Please indicate YES to proceed with your registration* 
  
 * Mandatory fields  
 Title  -- Title --  Dr.  Eng.  Miss  Mr.  Mrs.  Ms.  Prof.     
 Name   *     
 Organization   *     

 Address   *     
 Postal Code     
 City   *     
 Country  -- Country --  Afghanistan  Albania  Algeria  American Samoa  Andorra  Angola  Anguilla  Antarctica  Antigua and Barbuda  Argentina  Armenia  Aruba  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas  Bahrain  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belarus  Belgium  Belize  Benin  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Botswana  Bouvet Island  Brazil  British Indian Ocean Territory  British Virgin Islands  Brunei  Bulgaria  Burkina Faso  Burundi  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Cape Verde  Cayman Islands  Central African Republic  Chad  Chile  China  Christmas Island  Cocos (Keeling) Islands  Colombia  Comoros  Congo-Brazzaville  Cook Islands  Costa Rica  Cote d'Ivoire  Croatia  Cuba  Curaçao  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Dem. Rep. of the Congo  Denmark  Djibouti  Dominica  Dominican Republic  East Timor  Ecuador  Egypt  El Salvador  Equatorial Guinea  Eritrea  Estonia  Ethiopia  Expo Abreu  Falkland Islands  Faroe Islands  Fiji  Finland  France  French Guiana  French Polynesia  French Southern and Antarctic Lands  Gabon  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Gibraltar  Greece  Greenland  Grenada  Guadaloupe  Guam  Guatemala  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Guyana  Haiti  Heard Island and McDonald Islands  Honduras  Hong Kong  Hungary  Iceland  India  Indonesia  Iran  Iraq  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Kiribati  Kuwait  Kyrgyzstan  Laos  Latvia  Lebanon  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macau  Madagascar  Malawi  Malaysia  Maldives  Mali  Malta  Marshall Islands  Martinique  Mauritania  Mauritius  Mayotte  Mexico  Micronesia  Monaco  Mongolia  Montenegro  Montserrat  Morocco  Mozambique  Myanmar  Namibia  Nauru  Nepal  Netherlands  Netherlands Antilles  New Caledonia  New Zealand  Nicaragua  Niger  Nigeria  Niue  Norfolk Island  North Korea  North Macedonia  Northern Mariana Islands  Norway  Oman  Pakistan  Palau  Palestine  Panama  Papua New Guinea  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Pitcairn Islands  Poland  Portugal  Puerto Rico  Qatar  Republic of Kosovo  Republic of Moldova  Reunion  Romania  Russia  Rwanda  Saint Barthélemy (Saint Barts)  Saint Helena  Saint Kitts and Nevis  Saint Lucia  Saint Martin  Saint Pierre and Miquelon  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines  Samoa  San Marino  São Tomé and Príncipe  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Singapore  Sint Maarten  Slovakia  Slovenia  Solomon Islands  Somalia  South Africa  South Georgia  South Korea  South Sudan  Spain  Sri Lanka  Sudan  Suriname  Svalbard and Jan Mayen  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Syria  Taiwan  Tajikistan  Tanzania  Thailand  The Gambia  Togo  Tokelau  Tonga  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Turkmenistan  Turks and Caicos Islands  Tuvalu  Uganda  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States Minor Outlying Islands  United States of America  United States Virgin Islands  Uruguay  Uzbekistan  Vanuatu  Vatican City  Venezuela  Vietnam  Wallis and Futuna  Western Sahara  Yemen  Zambia  Zimbabwe   *     
   
 Phone     
 Fax     
 Email   *     
   
 Username   *     
 Password   *     
 (Please create a Username and a Password so you can later edit your booking)  
 I agree to the information on this form being stored in an electronic format by Abreu Events and used for the purposes of ER 2023 conference administration.   Yes   *     
   
   Data for Billing Receipt/Invoice  Copy Data   
 The following information is going to be printed in the receipt/invoice. This information cannot be changed after the receipt has been issued. Please verify if all the details are correct.  
 Name   *     
 Address   *     
 Postal Code   *     
 City   *     
 Country  -- Country --  Afghanistan  Albania  Algeria  American Samoa  Andorra  Angola  Anguilla  Antarctica  Antigua and Barbuda  Argentina  Armenia  Aruba  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas  Bahrain  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belarus  Belgium  Belize  Benin  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Botswana  Bouvet Island  Brazil  British Indian Ocean Territory  British Virgin Islands  Brunei  Bulgaria  Burkina Faso  Burundi  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Cape Verde  Cayman Islands  Central African Republic  Chad  Chile  China  Christmas Island  Cocos (Keeling) Islands  Colombia  Comoros  Congo-Brazzaville  Cook Islands  Costa Rica  Cote d'Ivoire  Croatia  Cuba  Curaçao  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Dem. Rep. of the Congo  Denmark  Djibouti  Dominica  Dominican Republic  East Timor  Ecuador  Egypt  El Salvador  Equatorial Guinea  Eritrea  Estonia  Ethiopia  Expo Abreu  Falkland Islands  Faroe Islands  Fiji  Finland  France  French Guiana  French Polynesia  French Southern and Antarctic Lands  Gabon  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Gibraltar  Greece  Greenland  Grenada  Guadaloupe  Guam  Guatemala  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Guyana  Haiti  Heard Island and McDonald Islands  Honduras  Hong Kong  Hungary  Iceland  India  Indonesia  Iran  Iraq  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Kiribati  Kuwait  Kyrgyzstan  Laos  Latvia  Lebanon  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macau  Madagascar  Malawi  Malaysia  Maldives  Mali  Malta  Marshall Islands  Martinique  Mauritania  Mauritius  Mayotte  Mexico  Micronesia  Monaco  Mongolia  Montenegro  Montserrat  Morocco  Mozambique  Myanmar  Namibia  Nauru  Nepal  Netherlands  Netherlands Antilles  New Caledonia  New Zealand  Nicaragua  Niger  Nigeria  Niue  Norfolk Island  North Korea  North Macedonia  Northern Mariana Islands  Norway  Oman  Pakistan  Palau  Palestine  Panama  Papua New Guinea  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Pitcairn Islands  Poland  Portugal  Puerto Rico  Qatar  Republic of Kosovo  Republic of Moldova  Reunion  Romania  Russia  Rwanda  Saint Barthélemy (Saint Barts)  Saint Helena  Saint Kitts and Nevis  Saint Lucia  Saint Martin  Saint Pierre and Miquelon  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines  Samoa  San Marino  São Tomé and Príncipe  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Singapore  Sint Maarten  Slovakia  Slovenia  Solomon Islands  Somalia  South Africa  South Georgia  South Korea  South Sudan  Spain  Sri Lanka  Sudan  Suriname  Svalbard and Jan Mayen  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Syria  Taiwan  Tajikistan  Tanzania  Thailand  The Gambia  Togo  Tokelau  Tonga  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Turkmenistan  Turks and Caicos Islands  Tuvalu  Uganda  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States Minor Outlying Islands  United States of America  United States Virgin Islands  Uruguay  Uzbekistan  Vanuatu  Vatican City  Venezuela  Vietnam  Wallis and Futuna  Western Sahara  Yemen  Zambia  Zimbabwe   *     
 VAT Number    *   VAT Number: If not applicable, for Portugal insert: 999999990, for other countries insert: 000000000.  

  /      
   
 Information  
 Dietary Restrictions     
 Other Notes     
   
   /      
   
 Services Summary  
  
 Service | Service Type | Quantity | Date Selected | Name | Total Value 

 Hotel | Room | Check-in | Check-out | Name | Total Value 

 Discounts | Name | Total Value 

 Discount Code |  

 Payment  
 Value        
  Bank transfer   
   
 The bank transfer must be made to the account number mentioned below, free of charge to the recipient:   
   
  Bank Address:   Banco BPI   
  Rua Tenente Valadim, 284  
  4100-476 Porto, Portugal   
   
  Payee:   VIAGENS ABREU, SA   
  VAT Number:  500 297 177   
   
  Bank Account:   6-1292463.000.001   
  IBAN:   PT50 0010 0000 1292 4630 0013 1   
  Swift/BIC:   BBPIPTPL    
 Attached to the confirmation email you will receive a proforma invoice.   

  Credit Card   

  Card Number       
 Name       
    
 Expires on  -- Month --     -- Year --       
 Code     (the last 3 digits on the back of the credit card)    
   
 Transactions made with credit card will be immediately charged on your account.   

 Comments     

   /

47. ICARCV_0 conference:
Mail: icrcv_conf@163.com 
    
 中文页面     

 Home 
  CFP 
  Committee 
  Speaker | Keynote Speaker 
  Invited Speaker 
  Speaker Gallery 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Program 
  History | ICRCV 2023 
  ICRCV 2022 
  ICRCV 2021 
  ICRCV 2019 
  ICRCV 2018 
  Venue 
  Visa 
  Contact 

 ICRCV 2023  
 Home 
  History 
  ICRCV 2023 
  ICRCV 2022 
  ICRCV 2021 
  ICRCV 2019 
  ICRCV 2018 

 ICRCV 2023 | Nanjing, China  
   
 2023 5th International Conference on Robotics and Computer Vision (ICRCV 2023) has been held in Nanjing, China during September 15-17, 2023 in hybrid format (both onsite and online). It's co-sponsored by IEEE, IEEE Robotics and Automation Society, and Nanjing University of Science and Technology, China, supported by Beijing Jiaotong University, Yunnan University, and Rehabilitation Medicine Engineering and Transformation Committee of Jiangsu Rehabilitation Medical Association.  
 ICRCV 2023 Conference Proceedings | Published in IEEE Xplore  | Ei Compendex  | Scopus   
     
  Group Photo  

 Keynote Speeches   
  This conference program is highlighted by four Keynote Speakers:  
  Prof. Qing-Long Han, FIEEE, FIFAC, FIEAust, FCAA, Swinburne University of Technology, Australia;  
  Prof. Bir Bhanu, IEEE Fellow, AAAS Fellow, SPIE Fellow, University of California, Riverside, USA;  
  Prof. Darwin Caldwell, FREng, IEEE Fellow, Italian Institute of Technology, Italy;  
  Prof. Anouck Girard, University of Michigan, USA.  

 Parallel Sessions   

 Excellent Presenters:   
 Online Session 1-V055  
  An Anti-Windup Method Based on the Modified Linear Extended State Observer for Actuators in the Miniaturized Inertial Stabilized Platform  
  Authors: Tianlei Fu, Yanbin Gao, Lianwu Guan，Shutong Li, Yueyue Wang, Gang Wang  
  Presenter: Tianlei Fu, Harbin Engineering University, China  
 Online Session 2-V207  
  A Fast and Accurate Tire Model for Vehicle Stability Control Simulation under All Working Conditions  
  Authors: Runfeng Li,Wenfei Ji,Yunchang Yu,Yiwen Sun,Ziwang Lu,Guangyu Tian  
  Presenter: Runfeng Li, Tsinghua University, China  
 Onsite Session 1-V014  
  PPC-US-LSF3DOD: A Pseudo-Point-Clouds based Unsupervised and Scalable Late-  
  Sensor-Fusion Method for 3D Obstacle Detection  
  Authors: Bowen Zhang and Masahiro Tanaka  
  Presenter: Bowen Zhang, Konan University, Japan  
 Onsite Session 2-V030  
  Normal Line Invariance-Based Lens Distortion Calibration Applied in a Precision-Sensitive  
  Self-Calibrated Planar Metrology System  
  Authors: Jiachuan Yu, Han Sun, Zhijie Xia, Zhisheng Zhang  
  Presenter: Jiachuan Yu, Southeast University, China  

 Copyright © ICRCV 2018-2024. All rights reserved.

48. CONCUR_0 conference:
DROPS 
  Series | LIPIcs – Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics 
  OASIcs – Open Access Series in Informatics 
  Dagstuhl Follow-Ups 
  Schloss Dagstuhl Jahresbericht 
   Discontinued Series 
  Journals | DARTS – Dagstuhl Artifacts Series 
  Dagstuhl Reports 
  Dagstuhl Manifestos 
  LITES – Leibniz Transactions on Embedded Systems 
  TGDK – Transactions on Graph Data and Knowledge 
  Conferences | AFT 
  AIB 
  AofA 
  APPROX 
  ATMOS 
  CALCO 
  CCC 
  CONCUR 
  COSIT 
  CP 
  CPM 
  CSL 
  DISC 
  DITAM 
  DNA 
  ECOOP 
  ECRTS 
  ESA 
  FAB 
  FMBC 
   FORC 
  FSCD 
  FSTTCS 
  FUN 
  GD 
  GIScience 
  ICALP 
  ICDT 
  ICPEC 
  IPEC 
  iPMVM 
  ISAAC 
  ITC 
  ITCS 
  ITP 
  LDK 
  MFCS 
  Microservices 
  NG-RES 
  OPODIS 
   PARMA 
  RANDOM 
  SAND 
  SAT 
  SEA 
  SLATE 
  SNAPL 
  SoCG 
  STACS 
  SWAT 
  TIME 
  Tokenomics 
  TQC 
  TYPES 
  WABI 
  WCET 
  Artifacts | Supplementary Materials (Software, Datasets, ...) 
  dblp Artifacts 
   DARTS (Evaluated Artifacts) 
        
  Metadata Export | Metadata Export 
  OAI Interface 

  Volume    Export XML 
  Export ACM-XML 
  Export DOAJ-XML 
  Export Schema.org 
  Export HTML 

  LIPIcs, Volume 279  
 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)  
   
  Part of: | Series: | Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) | Part of: | Conference: | International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR) 

 Event  
 CONCUR 2023, September 18-23, 2023, Antwerp, Belgium   
 Editors  
  Guillermo A. Pérez            
 University of Antwerp, Belgium 
    
  Jean-François Raskin            
 Université libre de Bruxelles, Belgium 

 Publication Details  
 published at: 2023-09-07 
  Publisher: Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik 
  ISBN: 978-3-95977-299-0 
  DBLP: | db/conf/concur/concur2023 

  Access Numbers  
 Detailed Access Statistics available here 
  Total Document Accesses (updated on a weekly basis): | 0   PDF Downloads   0   Metadata Views 

 Documents   
 No documents found matching your filter selection.   
  Document   
 Complete Volume   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023    

 LIPIcs, Volume 279, CONCUR 2023, Complete Volume   
 Authors:  Guillermo A. Pérez and Jean-François Raskin  
  Abstract    
 LIPIcs, Volume 279, CONCUR 2023, Complete Volume   

  Cite as    
 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 1-666, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @Proceedings{perez_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023 title = {{LIPIcs, Volume 279, CONCUR 2023, Complete Volume}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {1--666}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189936}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023}, annote = {Keywords: LIPIcs, Volume 279, CONCUR 2023, Complete Volume} }  @Proceedings{perez_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023 title = {{LIPIcs, Volume 279, CONCUR 2023, Complete Volume}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {1--666}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189936}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023}, annote = {Keywords: LIPIcs, Volume 279, CONCUR 2023, Complete Volume} }    

  Document   
 Front Matter   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.0    

 Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization   
 Authors:  Guillermo A. Pérez and Jean-François Raskin  
  Abstract    
 Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization   

  Cite as    
 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 0:i-0:x, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{perez_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.0 author = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, title = {{Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {0:i--0:x}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.0}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189942}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.0}, annote = {Keywords: Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization} }  @InProceedings{perez_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.0 author = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, title = {{Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {0:i--0:x}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.0}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189942}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.0}, annote = {Keywords: Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization} }    

  Document   
 Invited Paper   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.1    

 CONCUR Test-Of-Time Award 2023 (Invited Paper)   
 Authors:  Bengt Jonsson, Marta Kwiatkowska, and Igor Walukiewicz  
  Abstract    
 This short article recaps the purpose of the CONCUR Test-of-Time Award and presents the paper that received the Award in 2023.   

  Cite as    
 Bengt Jonsson, Marta Kwiatkowska, and Igor Walukiewicz. CONCUR Test-Of-Time Award 2023 (Invited Paper). In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 1:1-1:2, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{jonsson_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.1 author = {Jonsson, Bengt and Kwiatkowska, Marta and Walukiewicz, Igor}, title = {{CONCUR Test-Of-Time Award 2023}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {1:1--1:2}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.1}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189953}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.1}, annote = {Keywords: CONCUR Test-of-Time Award} }  @InProceedings{jonsson_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.1 author = {Jonsson, Bengt and Kwiatkowska, Marta and Walukiewicz, Igor}, title = {{CONCUR Test-Of-Time Award 2023}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {1:1--1:2}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.1}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189953}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.1}, annote = {Keywords: CONCUR Test-of-Time Award} }    

  Document   
 Invited Talk   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.2    

 On Verifying Concurrent Programs Under Weakly Consistent Models (Invited Talk)   
 Authors:  Ahmed Bouajjani  
  Abstract    
 Developing correct and performant concurrent systems is a major challenge. When programming an application using a memory system, a natural expectation would be that each memory update is immediately visible to all concurrent threads (which corresponds to strong consistency). However, for performance reasons, only weaker guarantees can be ensured by memory systems, defined by what sets of updates can be made visible to each thread at any moment, and by the order in which they are made visible. The conditions on the visibility order guaranteed by a memory system corresponds to its memory consistency model. Weak consistency models admit complex and unintuitive behaviors, which makes the task of application programmers extremely hard. It is therefore important to determine an adequate level of consistency for each given application: a level that is weak enough to ensure performance, but also strong enough to ensure correctness of the application behaviors. This leads to the consideration of several important verification problems: - the correctness of an application program running over a weak consistency model; - the robustness of an application program w.r.t. consistency weakening; - the fact that an implementation of a system (memory, storage system) guarantees a given (weak) consistency model. The talk gives a broad presentation of these issues and some results in this research area. The talk is based on several joint works with students and colleagues during the last few years.   

  Cite as    
 Ahmed Bouajjani. On Verifying Concurrent Programs Under Weakly Consistent Models (Invited Talk). In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, p. 2:1, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{bouajjani:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.2 author = {Bouajjani, Ahmed}, title = {{On Verifying Concurrent Programs Under Weakly Consistent Models}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {2:1--2:1}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.2}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189961}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.2}, annote = {Keywords: Concurrent programs, weakly consistent models} }  @InProceedings{bouajjani:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.2 author = {Bouajjani, Ahmed}, title = {{On Verifying Concurrent Programs Under Weakly Consistent Models}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {2:1--2:1}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.2}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189961}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.2}, annote = {Keywords: Concurrent programs, weakly consistent models} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.3    

 Reachability and Bounded Emptiness Problems of Constraint Automata with Prefix, Suffix and Infix   
 Authors:  Jakub Michaliszyn, Jan Otop, and Piotr Wieczorek  
  Abstract    
 We study constraint automata, which are finite-state automata over infinite alphabets consisting of tuples of words. A constraint automaton can compare the words of the consecutive tuples using Boolean combinations of the relations prefix, suffix, infix and equality. First, we show that the reachability problem of such automata is PSpace-complete. Second, we study automata over infinite sequences with Büchi conditions. We show that the problem: given a constraint automaton, is there a bound B and a sequence of tuples of words of length bounded by B, which is accepted by the automaton, is also PSpace-complete. These results contribute towards solving the long-standing open problem of the decidability of the emptiness problem for constraint automata, in which the words can have arbitrary lengths.   

  Cite as    
 Jakub Michaliszyn, Jan Otop, and Piotr Wieczorek. Reachability and Bounded Emptiness Problems of Constraint Automata with Prefix, Suffix and Infix. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 3:1-3:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{michaliszyn_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.3 author = {Michaliszyn, Jakub and Otop, Jan and Wieczorek, Piotr}, title = {{Reachability and Bounded Emptiness Problems of Constraint Automata with Prefix, Suffix and Infix}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {3:1--3:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.3}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189971}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.3}, annote = {Keywords: constraint automata, emptiness problem} }  @InProceedings{michaliszyn_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.3 author = {Michaliszyn, Jakub and Otop, Jan and Wieczorek, Piotr}, title = {{Reachability and Bounded Emptiness Problems of Constraint Automata with Prefix, Suffix and Infix}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {3:1--3:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.3}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189971}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.3}, annote = {Keywords: constraint automata, emptiness problem} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.4    

 The Best of Both Worlds: Model-Driven Engineering Meets Model-Based Testing   
 Authors:  P. H. M. van Spaendonck and Tim A. C. Willemse  
  Abstract    
 We study the connection between stable-failures refinement and the ioco conformance relation. Both behavioural relations underlie methodologies that have gained traction in industry: stable-failures refinement is used in several commercial Model-Driven Engineering tool suites, whereas the ioco conformance relation is used in Model-Based Testing tools. Refinement-based Model-Driven Engineering approaches promise to generate executable code from high-level models, thus guaranteeing that the code upholds specified behavioural contracts. Manual testing, however, is still required to gain confidence that the model-to-code transformation and the execution platform do not lead to unexpected contract violations. We identify conditions under which also this last step in the design methodology can be automated using the ioco conformance relation and the associated tools.   

  Cite as    
 P. H. M. van Spaendonck and Tim A. C. Willemse. The Best of Both Worlds: Model-Driven Engineering Meets Model-Based Testing. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 4:1-4:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{vanspaendonck_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.4 author = {van Spaendonck, P. H. M. and Willemse, Tim A. C.}, title = {{The Best of Both Worlds: Model-Driven Engineering Meets Model-Based Testing}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {4:1--4:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.4}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189988}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.4}, annote = {Keywords: stable-failures refinement, Model-Driven Engineering, input output conformance, Input Output Labelled Transition Systems, internal choice} }  @InProceedings{vanspaendonck_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.4 author = {van Spaendonck, P. H. M. and Willemse, Tim A. C.}, title = {{The Best of Both Worlds: Model-Driven Engineering Meets Model-Based Testing}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {4:1--4:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.4}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189988}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.4}, annote = {Keywords: stable-failures refinement, Model-Driven Engineering, input output conformance, Input Output Labelled Transition Systems, internal choice} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.5    

 Process-Algebraic Models of Multi-Writer Multi-Reader Non-Atomic Registers   
 Authors:  Myrthe S. C. Spronck and Bas Luttik  
  Abstract    
 We present process-algebraic models of multi-writer multi-reader safe, regular and atomic registers. We establish the relationship between our models and alternative versions presented in the literature. We use our models to formally analyse by model checking to what extent several well-known mutual exclusion algorithms are robust for relaxed atomicity requirements. Our analyses refute correctness claims made about some of these algorithms in the literature.   

  Cite as    
 Myrthe S. C. Spronck and Bas Luttik. Process-Algebraic Models of Multi-Writer Multi-Reader Non-Atomic Registers. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 5:1-5:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{spronck_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.5 author = {Spronck, Myrthe S. C. and Luttik, Bas}, title = {{Process-Algebraic Models of Multi-Writer Multi-Reader Non-Atomic Registers}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {5:1--5:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.5}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189995}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.5}, annote = {Keywords: mutual exclusion, model checking, non-atomic reads and writes, regular register} }  @InProceedings{spronck_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.5 author = {Spronck, Myrthe S. C. and Luttik, Bas}, title = {{Process-Algebraic Models of Multi-Writer Multi-Reader Non-Atomic Registers}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {5:1--5:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.5}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-189995}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.5}, annote = {Keywords: mutual exclusion, model checking, non-atomic reads and writes, regular register} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.6    

 Geometry of Reachability Sets of Vector Addition Systems   
 Authors:  Roland Guttenberg, Mikhail Raskin, and Javier Esparza  
  Abstract    
 Vector Addition Systems (VAS), aka Petri nets, are a popular model of concurrency. The reachability set of a VAS is the set of configurations reachable from the initial configuration. Leroux has studied the geometric properties of VAS reachability sets, and used them to derive decision procedures for important analysis problems. In this paper we continue the geometric study of reachability sets. We show that every reachability set admits a finite decomposition into disjoint almost hybridlinear sets enjoying nice geometric properties. Further, we prove that the decomposition of the reachability set of a given VAS is effectively computable. As a corollary, we derive a new proof of Hauschildt’s 1990 result showing the decidability of the question whether the reachability set of a given VAS is semilinear. As a second corollary, we prove that the complement of a reachability set, if it is infinite, always contains an infinite linear set.   

  Cite as    
 Roland Guttenberg, Mikhail Raskin, and Javier Esparza. Geometry of Reachability Sets of Vector Addition Systems. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 6:1-6:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{guttenberg_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.6 author = {Guttenberg, Roland and Raskin, Mikhail and Esparza, Javier}, title = {{Geometry of Reachability Sets of Vector Addition Systems}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {6:1--6:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.6}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190005}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.6}, annote = {Keywords: Vector Addition System, Petri net, Reachability Set, Almost hybridlinear, Partition, Geometry} }  @InProceedings{guttenberg_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.6 author = {Guttenberg, Roland and Raskin, Mikhail and Esparza, Javier}, title = {{Geometry of Reachability Sets of Vector Addition Systems}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {6:1--6:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.6}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190005}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.6}, annote = {Keywords: Vector Addition System, Petri net, Reachability Set, Almost hybridlinear, Partition, Geometry} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.7    

 Safety Analysis of Parameterised Networks with Non-Blocking Rendez-Vous   
 Authors:  Lucie Guillou, Arnaud Sangnier, and Nathalie Sznajder  
  Abstract    
 We consider networks of processes that all execute the same finite-state protocol and communicate via a rendez-vous mechanism. When a process requests a rendez-vous, another process can respond to it and they both change their control states accordingly. We focus here on a specific semantics, called non-blocking, where the process requesting a rendez-vous can change its state even if no process can respond to it. In this context, we study the parameterised coverability problem of a configuration, which consists in determining whether there is an initial number of processes and an execution allowing to reach a configuration bigger than a given one. We show that this problem is EXPSPACE-complete and can be solved in polynomial time if the protocol is partitioned into two sets of states, the states from which a process can request a rendez-vous and the ones from which it can answer one. We also prove that the problem of the existence of an execution bringing all the processes in a final state is undecidable in our context. These two problems can be solved in polynomial time with the classical rendez-vous semantics.   

  Cite as    
 Lucie Guillou, Arnaud Sangnier, and Nathalie Sznajder. Safety Analysis of Parameterised Networks with Non-Blocking Rendez-Vous. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 7:1-7:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{guillou_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.7 author = {Guillou, Lucie and Sangnier, Arnaud and Sznajder, Nathalie}, title = {{Safety Analysis of Parameterised Networks with Non-Blocking Rendez-Vous}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {7:1--7:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.7}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190015}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.7}, annote = {Keywords: Parameterised verification, Coverability, Counter machines} }  @InProceedings{guillou_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.7 author = {Guillou, Lucie and Sangnier, Arnaud and Sznajder, Nathalie}, title = {{Safety Analysis of Parameterised Networks with Non-Blocking Rendez-Vous}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {7:1--7:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.7}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190015}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.7}, annote = {Keywords: Parameterised verification, Coverability, Counter machines} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.8    

 Separability and Non-Determinizability of WSTS   
 Authors:  Eren Keskin and Roland Meyer  
  Abstract    
 There is a recent separability result for the languages of well-structured transition systems (WSTS) that is surprisingly general: disjoint WSTS languages are always separated by a regular language. The result assumes that one of the languages is accepted by a deterministic WSTS, and it is not known whether this assumption is needed. There are two ways to get rid of the assumption, none of which has led to conclusions so far: (i) show that WSTS can be determinized or (ii) generalize the separability result to non-deterministic WSTS languages. Our contribution is to show that (i) does not work but (ii) does. As for (i), we give a non-deterministic WSTS language that we prove cannot be accepted by a deterministic WSTS. The proof relies on a novel characterization of the languages accepted by deterministic WSTS. As for (ii), we show how to find finitely represented inductive invariants without having the tool of ideal decompositions at hand. Instead, we work with closures under converging sequences. Our results hold for upward- and downward-compatible WSTS.   

  Cite as    
 Eren Keskin and Roland Meyer. Separability and Non-Determinizability of WSTS. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 8:1-8:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{keskin_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.8 author = {Keskin, Eren and Meyer, Roland}, title = {{Separability and Non-Determinizability of WSTS}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {8:1--8:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.8}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190025}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.8}, annote = {Keywords: WSTS, regular separability, determinization} }  @InProceedings{keskin_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.8 author = {Keskin, Eren and Meyer, Roland}, title = {{Separability and Non-Determinizability of WSTS}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {8:1--8:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.8}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190025}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.8}, annote = {Keywords: WSTS, regular separability, determinization} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.9    

 Compositional Correctness and Completeness for Symbolic Partial Order Reduction   
 Authors:  Åsmund Aqissiaq Arild Kløvstad, Eduard Kamburjan, and Einar Broch Johnsen  
  Abstract    
 Partial Order Reduction (POR) and Symbolic Execution (SE) are two fundamental abstraction techniques in program analysis. SE is particularly useful as a state abstraction technique for sequential programs, while POR addresses equivalent interleavings in the execution of concurrent programs. Recently, several promising connections between these two approaches have been investigated, which result in symbolic partial order reduction: partial order reduction of symbolically executed programs. In this work, we provide compositional notions of completeness and correctness for symbolic partial order reduction. We formalize completeness and correctness for (1) abstraction over program states and (2) trace equivalence, such that the abstraction gives rise to a complete and correct SE, the trace equivalence gives rise to a complete and correct POR, and their combination results in complete and correct symbolic partial order reduction. We develop our results for a core parallel imperative programming language and mechanize the proofs in Coq.   

  Cite as    
 Åsmund Aqissiaq Arild Kløvstad, Eduard Kamburjan, and Einar Broch Johnsen. Compositional Correctness and Completeness for Symbolic Partial Order Reduction. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 9:1-9:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{klvstad_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.9 author = {Kl{\o}vstad, \r{A}smund Aqissiaq Arild and Kamburjan, Eduard and Johnsen, Einar Broch}, title = {{Compositional Correctness and Completeness for Symbolic Partial Order Reduction}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {9:1--9:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.9}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190035}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.9}, annote = {Keywords: Symbolic Execution, Coq, Trace Semantics, Partial Order Reduction} }  @InProceedings{klvstad_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.9 author = {Kl{\o}vstad, \r{A}smund Aqissiaq Arild and Kamburjan, Eduard and Johnsen, Einar Broch}, title = {{Compositional Correctness and Completeness for Symbolic Partial Order Reduction}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {9:1--9:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.9}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190035}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.9}, annote = {Keywords: Symbolic Execution, Coq, Trace Semantics, Partial Order Reduction} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.10    

 Monus Semantics in Vector Addition Systems with States   
 Authors:  Pascal Baumann, Khushraj Madnani, Filip Mazowiecki, and Georg Zetzsche  
  Abstract    
 Vector addition systems with states (VASS) are a popular model for concurrent systems. However, many decision problems have prohibitively high complexity. Therefore, it is sometimes useful to consider overapproximating semantics in which these problems can be decided more efficiently. We study an overapproximation, called monus semantics, that slightly relaxes the semantics of decrements: A key property of a vector addition systems is that in order to decrement a counter, this counter must have a positive value. In contrast, our semantics allows decrements of zero-valued counters: If such a transition is executed, the counter just remains zero. It turns out that if only a subset of transitions is used with monus semantics (and the others with classical semantics), then reachability is undecidable. However, we show that if monus semantics is used throughout, reachability remains decidable. In particular, we show that reachability for VASS with monus semantics is as hard as that of classical VASS (i.e. Ackermann-hard), while the zero-reachability and coverability are easier (i.e. EXPSPACE-complete and NP-complete, respectively). We provide a comprehensive account of the complexity of the general reachability problem, reachability of zero configurations, and coverability under monus semantics. We study these problems in general VASS, two-dimensional VASS, and one-dimensional VASS, with unary and binary counter updates.   

  Cite as    
 Pascal Baumann, Khushraj Madnani, Filip Mazowiecki, and Georg Zetzsche. Monus Semantics in Vector Addition Systems with States. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 10:1-10:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{baumann_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.10 author = {Baumann, Pascal and Madnani, Khushraj and Mazowiecki, Filip and Zetzsche, Georg}, title = {{Monus Semantics in Vector Addition Systems with States}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {10:1--10:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.10}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190047}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.10}, annote = {Keywords: Vector addition systems, Overapproximation, Reachability, Coverability} }  @InProceedings{baumann_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.10 author = {Baumann, Pascal and Madnani, Khushraj and Mazowiecki, Filip and Zetzsche, Georg}, title = {{Monus Semantics in Vector Addition Systems with States}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {10:1--10:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.10}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190047}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.10}, annote = {Keywords: Vector addition systems, Overapproximation, Reachability, Coverability} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.11    

 Subtyping Context-Free Session Types   
 Authors:  Gil Silva, Andreia Mordido, and Vasco T. Vasconcelos  
  Abstract    
 Context-free session types describe structured patterns of communication on heterogeneously typed channels, allowing the specification of protocols unconstrained by tail recursion. The enhanced expressive power provided by non-regular recursion comes, however, at the cost of the decidability of subtyping, even if equivalence is still decidable. We present an approach to subtyping context-free session types based on a novel kind of observational preorder we call XYZW-simulation, which generalizes XY-simulation (also known as covariant-contravariant simulation) and therefore also bisimulation and plain simulation. We further propose a subtyping algorithm that we prove to be sound, and present an empirical evaluation in the context of a compiler for a programming language. Due to the general nature of the simulation relation upon which it is built, this algorithm may also find applications in other domains.   

  Cite as    
 Gil Silva, Andreia Mordido, and Vasco T. Vasconcelos. Subtyping Context-Free Session Types. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 11:1-11:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{silva_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.11 author = {Silva, Gil and Mordido, Andreia and Vasconcelos, Vasco T.}, title = {{Subtyping Context-Free Session Types}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {11:1--11:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.11}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190055}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.11}, annote = {Keywords: Session types, Subtyping, Simulation, Simple grammars, Non-regular recursion} }  @InProceedings{silva_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.11 author = {Silva, Gil and Mordido, Andreia and Vasconcelos, Vasco T.}, title = {{Subtyping Context-Free Session Types}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {11:1--11:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.11}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190055}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.11}, annote = {Keywords: Session types, Subtyping, Simulation, Simple grammars, Non-regular recursion} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.12    

 Asymptotic Complexity Estimates for Probabilistic Programs and Their VASS Abstractions   
 Authors:  Michal Ajdarów and Antonín Kučera  
  Abstract    
 The standard approach to analyzing the asymptotic complexity of probabilistic programs is based on studying the asymptotic growth of certain expected values (such as the expected termination time) for increasing input size. We argue that this approach is not sufficiently robust, especially in situations when the expectations are infinite. We propose new estimates for the asymptotic analysis of probabilistic programs with non-deterministic choice that overcome this deficiency. Furthermore, we show how to efficiently compute/analyze these estimates for selected classes of programs represented as Markov decision processes over vector addition systems with states.   

  Cite as    
 Michal Ajdarów and Antonín Kučera. Asymptotic Complexity Estimates for Probabilistic Programs and Their VASS Abstractions. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 12:1-12:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{ajdarow_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.12 author = {Ajdar\'{o}w, Michal and Ku\v{c}era, Anton{\'\i}n}, title = {{Asymptotic Complexity Estimates for Probabilistic Programs and Their VASS Abstractions}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {12:1--12:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.12}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190065}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.12}, annote = {Keywords: Probabilistic programs, asymptotic complexity, vector addition systems} }  @InProceedings{ajdarow_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.12 author = {Ajdar\'{o}w, Michal and Ku\v{c}era, Anton{\'\i}n}, title = {{Asymptotic Complexity Estimates for Probabilistic Programs and Their VASS Abstractions}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {12:1--12:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.12}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190065}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.12}, annote = {Keywords: Probabilistic programs, asymptotic complexity, vector addition systems} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.13    

 Universal Quantification Makes Automatic Structures Hard to Decide   
 Authors:  Christoph Haase and Radosław Piórkowski  
  Abstract    
 Automatic structures are structures whose universe and relations can be represented as regular languages. It follows from the standard closure properties of regular languages that the first-order theory of an automatic structure is decidable. While existential quantifiers can be eliminated in linear time by application of a homomorphism, universal quantifiers are commonly eliminated via the identity ∀x.Φ≡¬(∃x.¬Φ). If Φ is represented in the standard way as an NFA, a priori this approach results in a doubly exponential blow-up. However, the recent literature has shown that there are classes of automatic structures for which universal quantifiers can be eliminated by different means without this blow-up by treating them as first-class citizens and not resorting to double complementation. While existing lower bounds for some classes of automatic structures show that a singly exponential blow-up is unavoidable when eliminating a universal quantifier, it is not known whether there may be better approaches that avoid the naïve doubly exponential blow-up, perhaps at least in restricted settings. In this paper, we answer this question negatively and show that there is a family of NFA representing automatic relations for which the minimal NFA recognising the language after eliminating a single universal quantifier is doubly exponential, and deciding whether this language is empty is ExpSpace-complete.   

  Cite as    
 Christoph Haase and Radosław Piórkowski. Universal Quantification Makes Automatic Structures Hard to Decide. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 13:1-13:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{haase_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.13 author = {Haase, Christoph and Pi\'{o}rkowski, Rados{\l}aw}, title = {{Universal Quantification Makes Automatic Structures Hard to Decide}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {13:1--13:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.13}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190075}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.13}, annote = {Keywords: automatic structures, universal projection, state complexity, tiling problems} }  @InProceedings{haase_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.13 author = {Haase, Christoph and Pi\'{o}rkowski, Rados{\l}aw}, title = {{Universal Quantification Makes Automatic Structures Hard to Decide}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {13:1--13:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.13}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190075}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.13}, annote = {Keywords: automatic structures, universal projection, state complexity, tiling problems} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.14    

 About Decisiveness of Dynamic Probabilistic Models   
 Authors:  Alain Finkel, Serge Haddad, and Lina Ye  
  Abstract    
 Decisiveness of infinite Markov chains with respect to some (finite or infinite) target set of states is a key property that allows to compute the reachability probability of this set up to an arbitrary precision. Most of the existing works assume constant weights for defining the probability of a transition in the considered models. However numerous probabilistic modelings require the (dynamic) weight to also depend on the current state. So we introduce a dynamic probabilistic version of counter machine (pCM). After establishing that decisiveness is undecidable for pCMs even with constant weights, we study the decidability of decisiveness for subclasses of pCM. We show that, without restrictions on dynamic weights, decisiveness is undecidable with a single state and single counter pCM. On the contrary with polynomial weights, decisiveness becomes decidable for single counter pCMs under mild conditions. Then we show that decisiveness of probabilistic Petri nets (pPNs) with polynomial weights is undecidable even when the target set is upward-closed unlike the case of constant weights. Finally we prove that the standard subclass of pPNs with a regular language is decisive with respect to a finite set whatever the kind of weights.   

  Cite as    
 Alain Finkel, Serge Haddad, and Lina Ye. About Decisiveness of Dynamic Probabilistic Models. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 14:1-14:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{finkel_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.14 author = {Finkel, Alain and Haddad, Serge and Ye, Lina}, title = {{About Decisiveness of Dynamic Probabilistic Models}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {14:1--14:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.14}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190089}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.14}, annote = {Keywords: infinite Markov chain, reachability probability, decisiveness} }  @InProceedings{finkel_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.14 author = {Finkel, Alain and Haddad, Serge and Ye, Lina}, title = {{About Decisiveness of Dynamic Probabilistic Models}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {14:1--14:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.14}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190089}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.14}, annote = {Keywords: infinite Markov chain, reachability probability, decisiveness} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.15    

 Probabilistic Operational Correspondence   
 Authors:  Anna Schmitt and Kirstin Peters  
  Abstract    
 Encodings are the main way to compare process calculi. By applying quality criteria to encodings we analyse their quality and rule out trivial or meaningless encodings. Thereby, operational correspondence is one of the most common and most important quality criteria. It ensures that processes and their translations have the same abstract behaviour. We analyse probabilistic versions of operational correspondence to enable such a verification for probabilistic systems. Concretely, we present three versions of probabilistic operational correspondence: weak, middle, and strong. We show the relevance of the weaker version using an encoding from a sublanguage of probabilistic CCS into the probabilistic π-calculus. Moreover, we map this version of probabilistic operational correspondence onto a probabilistic behavioural relation that directly relates source and target terms. Then we can analyse the quality of the criterion by analysing the relation it induces between a source term and its translation. For the second version of probabilistic operational correspondence we proceed in the opposite direction. We start with a standard simulation relation for probabilistic systems and map it onto a probabilistic operational correspondence criterion.   

  Cite as    
 Anna Schmitt and Kirstin Peters. Probabilistic Operational Correspondence. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 15:1-15:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{schmitt_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.15 author = {Schmitt, Anna and Peters, Kirstin}, title = {{Probabilistic Operational Correspondence}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {15:1--15:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.15}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190090}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.15}, annote = {Keywords: Probabilistic Process Calculi, Encodings, Operational Correspondence} }  @InProceedings{schmitt_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.15 author = {Schmitt, Anna and Peters, Kirstin}, title = {{Probabilistic Operational Correspondence}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {15:1--15:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.15}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190090}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.15}, annote = {Keywords: Probabilistic Process Calculi, Encodings, Operational Correspondence} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.16    

 A Game of Pawns   
 Authors:  Guy Avni, Pranav Ghorpade, and Shibashis Guha  
  Abstract    
 We introduce and study pawn games, a class of two-player zero-sum turn-based graph games. A turn-based graph game proceeds by placing a token on an initial vertex, and whoever controls the vertex on which the token is located, chooses its next location. This leads to a path in the graph, which determines the winner. Traditionally, the control of vertices is predetermined and fixed. The novelty of pawn games is that control of vertices changes dynamically throughout the game as follows. Each vertex of a pawn game is owned by a pawn. In each turn, the pawns are partitioned between the two players, and the player who controls the pawn that owns the vertex on which the token is located, chooses the next location of the token. Control of pawns changes dynamically throughout the game according to a fixed mechanism. Specifically, we define several grabbing-based mechanisms in which control of at most one pawn transfers at the end of each turn. We study the complexity of solving pawn games, where we focus on reachability objectives and parameterize the problem by the mechanism that is being used and by restrictions on pawn ownership of vertices. On the positive side, even though pawn games are exponentially-succinct turn-based games, we identify several natural classes that can be solved in PTIME. On the negative side, we identify several EXPTIME-complete classes, where our hardness proofs are based on a new class of games called Lock & Key games, which may be of independent interest.   

  Cite as    
 Guy Avni, Pranav Ghorpade, and Shibashis Guha. A Game of Pawns. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 16:1-16:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{avni_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.16 author = {Avni, Guy and Ghorpade, Pranav and Guha, Shibashis}, title = {{A Game of Pawns}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {16:1--16:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.16}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190100}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.16}, annote = {Keywords: Graph games, Reachability games, Pawn games, Dynamic vertex control} }  @InProceedings{avni_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.16 author = {Avni, Guy and Ghorpade, Pranav and Guha, Shibashis}, title = {{A Game of Pawns}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {16:1--16:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.16}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190100}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.16}, annote = {Keywords: Graph games, Reachability games, Pawn games, Dynamic vertex control} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.17    

 Safety and Liveness of Quantitative Automata   
 Authors:  Udi Boker, Thomas A. Henzinger, Nicolas Mazzocchi, and N. Ege Saraç  
  Abstract    
 The safety-liveness dichotomy is a fundamental concept in formal languages which plays a key role in verification. Recently, this dichotomy has been lifted to quantitative properties, which are arbitrary functions from infinite words to partially-ordered domains. We look into harnessing the dichotomy for the specific classes of quantitative properties expressed by quantitative automata. These automata contain finitely many states and rational-valued transition weights, and their common value functions Inf, Sup, LimInf, LimSup, LimInfAvg, LimSupAvg, and DSum map infinite words into the totally-ordered domain of real numbers. In this automata-theoretic setting, we establish a connection between quantitative safety and topological continuity and provide an alternative characterization of quantitative safety and liveness in terms of their boolean counterparts. For all common value functions, we show how the safety closure of a quantitative automaton can be constructed in PTime, and we provide PSpace-complete checks of whether a given quantitative automaton is safe or live, with the exception of LimInfAvg and LimSupAvg automata, for which the safety check is in ExpSpace. Moreover, for deterministic Sup, LimInf, and LimSup automata, we give PTime decompositions into safe and live automata. These decompositions enable the separation of techniques for safety and liveness verification for quantitative specifications.   

  Cite as    
 Udi Boker, Thomas A. Henzinger, Nicolas Mazzocchi, and N. Ege Saraç. Safety and Liveness of Quantitative Automata. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 17:1-17:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{boker_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.17 author = {Boker, Udi and Henzinger, Thomas A. and Mazzocchi, Nicolas and Sara\c{c}, N. Ege}, title = {{Safety and Liveness of Quantitative Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {17:1--17:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.17}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190118}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.17}, annote = {Keywords: quantitative safety, quantitative liveness, quantitative automata} }  @InProceedings{boker_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.17 author = {Boker, Udi and Henzinger, Thomas A. and Mazzocchi, Nicolas and Sara\c{c}, N. Ege}, title = {{Safety and Liveness of Quantitative Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {17:1--17:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.17}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190118}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.17}, annote = {Keywords: quantitative safety, quantitative liveness, quantitative automata} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.18    

 History-Deterministic Vector Addition Systems   
 Authors:  Sougata Bose, David Purser, and Patrick Totzke  
  Abstract    
 We consider history-determinism, a restricted form of non-determinism, for Vector Addition Systems with States (VASS) when used as acceptors to recognise languages of finite words. History-determinism requires that the non-deterministic choices can be resolved on-the-fly; based on the past and without jeopardising acceptance of any possible continuation of the input word. Our results show that the history-deterministic (HD) VASS sit strictly between deterministic and non-deterministic VASS regardless of the number of counters. We compare the relative expressiveness of HD systems, and closure-properties of the induced language classes, with coverability and reachability semantics, and with and without ε-labelled transitions. Whereas in dimension 1, inclusion and regularity remain decidable, from dimension two onwards, HD-VASS with suitable resolver strategies, are essentially able to simulate 2-counter Minsky machines, leading to several undecidability results: It is undecidable whether a VASS is history-deterministic, or if a language equivalent history-deterministic VASS exists. Checking language inclusion between history-deterministic 2-VASS is also undecidable.   

  Cite as    
 Sougata Bose, David Purser, and Patrick Totzke. History-Deterministic Vector Addition Systems. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 18:1-18:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{bose_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.18 author = {Bose, Sougata and Purser, David and Totzke, Patrick}, title = {{History-Deterministic Vector Addition Systems}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {18:1--18:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.18}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190120}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.18}, annote = {Keywords: Vector Addition Systems, History-determinism, Good-for Games} }  @InProceedings{bose_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.18 author = {Bose, Sougata and Purser, David and Totzke, Patrick}, title = {{History-Deterministic Vector Addition Systems}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {18:1--18:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.18}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190120}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.18}, annote = {Keywords: Vector Addition Systems, History-determinism, Good-for Games} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.19    

 Games with Trading of Control   
 Authors:  Orna Kupferman and Noam Shenwald  
  Abstract    
 The interaction among components in a system is traditionally modeled by a game. In the turned-based setting, the players in the game jointly move a token along the game graph, with each player deciding where to move the token in vertices she controls. The objectives of the players are modeled by ω-regular winning conditions, and players whose objectives are satisfied get rewards. Thus, the game is non-zero-sum, and we are interested in its stable outcomes. In particular, in the rational-synthesis problem, we seek a strategy for the system player that guarantees the satisfaction of the system’s objective in all rational environments. In this paper, we study an extension of the traditional setting by trading of control. In our game, the players may pay each other in exchange for directing the token also in vertices they do not control. The utility of each player then combines the reward for the satisfaction of her objective and the profit from the trading. The setting combines challenges from ω-regular graph games with challenges in pricing, bidding, and auctions in classical game theory. We study the theoretical properties of parity trading games: best-response dynamics, existence and search for Nash equilibria, and measures for equilibrium inefficiency. We also study the rational-synthesis problem and analyze its tight complexity in various settings.   

  Cite as    
 Orna Kupferman and Noam Shenwald. Games with Trading of Control. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 19:1-19:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{kupferman_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.19 author = {Kupferman, Orna and Shenwald, Noam}, title = {{Games with Trading of Control}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {19:1--19:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.19}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190137}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.19}, annote = {Keywords: Parity Games, Rational Synthesis, Game Theory, Auctions} }  @InProceedings{kupferman_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.19 author = {Kupferman, Orna and Shenwald, Noam}, title = {{Games with Trading of Control}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {19:1--19:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.19}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190137}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.19}, annote = {Keywords: Parity Games, Rational Synthesis, Game Theory, Auctions} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.20    

 Expressiveness Results for an Inductive Logic of Separated Relations   
 Authors:  Radu Iosif and Florian Zuleger  
  Abstract    
 In this paper we study a Separation Logic of Relations (SLR) and compare its expressiveness to (Monadic) Second Order Logic [(M)SO]. SLR is based on the well-known Symbolic Heap fragment of Separation Logic, whose formulæare composed of points-to assertions, inductively defined predicates, with the separating conjunction as the only logical connective. SLR generalizes the Symbolic Heap fragment by supporting general relational atoms, instead of only points-to assertions. In this paper, we restrict ourselves to finite relational structures, and hence only consider Weak (M)SO, where quantification ranges over finite sets. Our main results are that SLR and MSO are incomparable on structures of unbounded treewidth, while SLR can be embedded in SO in general. Furthermore, MSO becomes a strict subset of SLR, when the treewidth of the models is bounded by a parameter and all vertices attached to some hyperedge belong to the interpretation of a fixed unary relation symbol. We also discuss the problem of identifying a fragment of SLR that is equivalent to MSO over models of bounded treewidth.   

  Cite as    
 Radu Iosif and Florian Zuleger. Expressiveness Results for an Inductive Logic of Separated Relations. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 20:1-20:20, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{iosif_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.20 author = {Iosif, Radu and Zuleger, Florian}, title = {{Expressiveness Results for an Inductive Logic of Separated Relations}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {20:1--20:20}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.20}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190146}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.20}, annote = {Keywords: Separation Logic, Model Theory, Monadic Second Order Logic, Treewidth} }  @InProceedings{iosif_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.20 author = {Iosif, Radu and Zuleger, Florian}, title = {{Expressiveness Results for an Inductive Logic of Separated Relations}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {20:1--20:20}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.20}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190146}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.20}, annote = {Keywords: Separation Logic, Model Theory, Monadic Second Order Logic, Treewidth} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.21    

 Hypernode Automata   
 Authors:  Ezio Bartocci, Thomas A. Henzinger, Dejan Nickovic, and Ana Oliveira da Costa  
  Abstract    
 We introduce hypernode automata as a new specification formalism for hyperproperties of concurrent systems. They are finite automata with nodes labeled with hypernode logic formulas and transitions labeled with actions. A hypernode logic formula specifies relations between sequences of variable values in different system executions. Unlike HyperLTL, hypernode logic takes an asynchronous view on execution traces by constraining the values and the order of value changes of each variable without correlating the timing of the changes. Different execution traces are synchronized solely through the transitions of hypernode automata. Hypernode automata naturally combine asynchronicity at the node level with synchronicity at the transition level. We show that the model-checking problem for hypernode automata is decidable over action-labeled Kripke structures, whose actions induce transitions of the specification automata. For this reason, hypernode automaton is a suitable formalism for specifying and verifying asynchronous hyperproperties, such as declassifying observational determinism in multi-threaded programs.   

  Cite as    
 Ezio Bartocci, Thomas A. Henzinger, Dejan Nickovic, and Ana Oliveira da Costa. Hypernode Automata. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 21:1-21:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{bartocci_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.21 author = {Bartocci, Ezio and Henzinger, Thomas A. and Nickovic, Dejan and Oliveira da Costa, Ana}, title = {{Hypernode Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {21:1--21:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.21}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190153}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.21}, annote = {Keywords: Hyperproperties, Asynchronous, Automata, Logic} }  @InProceedings{bartocci_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.21 author = {Bartocci, Ezio and Henzinger, Thomas A. and Nickovic, Dejan and Oliveira da Costa, Ana}, title = {{Hypernode Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {21:1--21:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.21}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190153}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.21}, annote = {Keywords: Hyperproperties, Asynchronous, Automata, Logic} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.22    

 Quantitative Verification with Neural Networks   
 Authors:  Alessandro Abate, Alec Edwards, Mirco Giacobbe, Hashan Punchihewa, and Diptarko Roy  
  Abstract    
 We present a data-driven approach to the quantitative verification of probabilistic programs and stochastic dynamical models. Our approach leverages neural networks to compute tight and sound bounds for the probability that a stochastic process hits a target condition within finite time. This problem subsumes a variety of quantitative verification questions, from the reachability and safety analysis of discrete-time stochastic dynamical models, to the study of assertion-violation and termination analysis of probabilistic programs. We rely on neural networks to represent supermartingale certificates that yield such probability bounds, which we compute using a counterexample-guided inductive synthesis loop: we train the neural certificate while tightening the probability bound over samples of the state space using stochastic optimisation, and then we formally check the certificate’s validity over every possible state using satisfiability modulo theories; if we receive a counterexample, we add it to our set of samples and repeat the loop until validity is confirmed. We demonstrate on a diverse set of benchmarks that, thanks to the expressive power of neural networks, our method yields smaller or comparable probability bounds than existing symbolic methods in all cases, and that our approach succeeds on models that are entirely beyond the reach of such alternative techniques.   

  Cite as    
 Alessandro Abate, Alec Edwards, Mirco Giacobbe, Hashan Punchihewa, and Diptarko Roy. Quantitative Verification with Neural Networks. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 22:1-22:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{abate_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.22 author = {Abate, Alessandro and Edwards, Alec and Giacobbe, Mirco and Punchihewa, Hashan and Roy, Diptarko}, title = {{Quantitative Verification with Neural Networks}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {22:1--22:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.22}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190162}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.22}, annote = {Keywords: Data-driven Verification, Quantitative Verification, Probabilistic Programs, Stochastic Dynamical Models, Counterexample-guided Inductive Synthesis, Neural Networks} }  @InProceedings{abate_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.22 author = {Abate, Alessandro and Edwards, Alec and Giacobbe, Mirco and Punchihewa, Hashan and Roy, Diptarko}, title = {{Quantitative Verification with Neural Networks}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {22:1--22:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.22}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190162}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.22}, annote = {Keywords: Data-driven Verification, Quantitative Verification, Probabilistic Programs, Stochastic Dynamical Models, Counterexample-guided Inductive Synthesis, Neural Networks} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.23    

 Satisfiability Checking of Multi-Variable TPTL with Unilateral Intervals Is PSPACE-Complete   
 Authors:  Shankara Narayanan Krishna, Khushraj Nanik Madnani, Rupak Majumdar, and Paritosh Pandya  
  Abstract    
 We investigate the decidability of the {0,∞} fragment of Timed Propositional Temporal Logic (TPTL). We show that the satisfiability checking of TPTL^{0,∞} is PSPACE-complete. Moreover, even its 1-variable fragment (1-TPTL^{0,∞}) is strictly more expressive than Metric Interval Temporal Logic (MITL) for which satisfiability checking is EXPSPACE complete. Hence, we have a strictly more expressive logic with computationally easier satisfiability checking. To the best of our knowledge, TPTL^{0,∞} is the first multi-variable fragment of TPTL for which satisfiability checking is decidable without imposing any bounds/restrictions on the timed words (e.g. bounded variability, bounded time, etc.). The membership in PSPACE is obtained by a reduction to the emptiness checking problem for a new "non-punctual’’ subclass of Alternating Timed Automata with multiple clocks called Unilateral Very Weak Alternating Timed Automata (VWATA^{0,∞}) which we prove to be in PSPACE. We show this by constructing a simulation equivalent non-deterministic timed automata whose number of clocks is polynomial in the size of the given VWATA^{0,∞}.   

  Cite as    
 Shankara Narayanan Krishna, Khushraj Nanik Madnani, Rupak Majumdar, and Paritosh Pandya. Satisfiability Checking of Multi-Variable TPTL with Unilateral Intervals Is PSPACE-Complete. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 23:1-23:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{krishna_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.23 author = {Krishna, Shankara Narayanan and Madnani, Khushraj Nanik and Majumdar, Rupak and Pandya, Paritosh}, title = {{Satisfiability Checking of Multi-Variable TPTL with Unilateral Intervals Is PSPACE-Complete}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {23:1--23:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.23}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190171}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.23}, annote = {Keywords: TPTL, Satisfiability, Non-Punctuality, Decidability, Expressiveness, ATA} }  @InProceedings{krishna_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.23 author = {Krishna, Shankara Narayanan and Madnani, Khushraj Nanik and Majumdar, Rupak and Pandya, Paritosh}, title = {{Satisfiability Checking of Multi-Variable TPTL with Unilateral Intervals Is PSPACE-Complete}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {23:1--23:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.23}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190171}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.23}, annote = {Keywords: TPTL, Satisfiability, Non-Punctuality, Decidability, Expressiveness, ATA} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.24    

 Model-Checking Parametric Lock-Sharing Systems Against Regular Constraints   
 Authors:  Corto Mascle, Anca Muscholl, and Igor Walukiewicz  
  Abstract    
 In parametric lock-sharing systems processes can spawn new processes to run in parallel, and can create new locks. The behavior of every process is given by a pushdown automaton. We consider infinite behaviors of such systems under strong process fairness condition. A result of a potentially infinite execution of a system is a limit configuration, that is a potentially infinite tree. The verification problem is to determine if a given system has a limit configuration satisfying a given regular property. This formulation of the problem encompasses verification of reachability as well as of many liveness properties. We show that this verification problem, while undecidable in general, is decidable for nested lock usage. We show Exptime-completeness of the verification problem. The main source of complexity is the number of parameters in the spawn operation. If the number of parameters is bounded, our algorithm works in Ptime for properties expressed by parity automata with a fixed number of ranks.   

  Cite as    
 Corto Mascle, Anca Muscholl, and Igor Walukiewicz. Model-Checking Parametric Lock-Sharing Systems Against Regular Constraints. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 24:1-24:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{mascle_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.24 author = {Mascle, Corto and Muscholl, Anca and Walukiewicz, Igor}, title = {{Model-Checking Parametric Lock-Sharing Systems Against Regular Constraints}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {24:1--24:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.24}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190184}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.24}, annote = {Keywords: Parametric systems, Locks, Model-checking} }  @InProceedings{mascle_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.24 author = {Mascle, Corto and Muscholl, Anca and Walukiewicz, Igor}, title = {{Model-Checking Parametric Lock-Sharing Systems Against Regular Constraints}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {24:1--24:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.24}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190184}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.24}, annote = {Keywords: Parametric systems, Locks, Model-checking} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.25    

 A General Approach to Under-Approximate Reasoning About Concurrent Programs   
 Authors:  Azalea Raad, Julien Vanegue, Josh Berdine, and Peter O'Hearn  
  Abstract    
 There is a large body of work on concurrent reasoning including Rely-Guarantee (RG) and Concurrent Separation Logics. These theories are over-approximate: a proof identifies a superset of program behaviours and thus implies the absence of certain bugs. However, failure to find a proof does not imply their presence (leading to false positives in over-approximate tools). We describe a general theory of under-approximate reasoning for concurrency. Our theory incorporates ideas from Concurrent Incorrectness Separation Logic and RG based on a subset rather than a superset of interleavings. A strong motivation of our work is detecting software exploits; we do this by developing concurrent adversarial separation logic (CASL), and use CASL to detect information disclosure attacks that uncover sensitive data (e.g. passwords) and out-of-bounds attacks that corrupt data. We also illustrate our approach with classic concurrency idioms that go beyond prior under-approximate theories which we believe can inform the design of future concurrent bug detection tools.   

  Cite as    
 Azalea Raad, Julien Vanegue, Josh Berdine, and Peter O'Hearn. A General Approach to Under-Approximate Reasoning About Concurrent Programs. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 25:1-25:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{raad_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.25 author = {Raad, Azalea and Vanegue, Julien and Berdine, Josh and O'Hearn, Peter}, title = {{A General Approach to Under-Approximate Reasoning About Concurrent Programs}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {25:1--25:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.25}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190195}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.25}, annote = {Keywords: Under-approximate reasoning, incorrectness logic, bug detection, software exploits, separation logic} }  @InProceedings{raad_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.25 author = {Raad, Azalea and Vanegue, Julien and Berdine, Josh and O'Hearn, Peter}, title = {{A General Approach to Under-Approximate Reasoning About Concurrent Programs}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {25:1--25:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.25}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190195}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.25}, annote = {Keywords: Under-approximate reasoning, incorrectness logic, bug detection, software exploits, separation logic} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.26    

 DNN Verification, Reachability, and the Exponential Function Problem   
 Authors:  Omri Isac, Yoni Zohar, Clark Barrett, and Guy Katz  
  Abstract    
 Deep neural networks (DNNs) are increasingly being deployed to perform safety-critical tasks. The opacity of DNNs, which prevents humans from reasoning about them, presents new safety and security challenges. To address these challenges, the verification community has begun developing techniques for rigorously analyzing DNNs, with numerous verification algorithms proposed in recent years. While a significant amount of work has gone into developing these verification algorithms, little work has been devoted to rigorously studying the computability and complexity of the underlying theoretical problems. Here, we seek to contribute to the bridging of this gap. We focus on two kinds of DNNs: those that employ piecewise-linear activation functions (e.g., ReLU), and those that employ piecewise-smooth activation functions (e.g., Sigmoids). We prove the two following theorems: (i) the decidability of verifying DNNs with a particular set of piecewise-smooth activation functions, including Sigmoid and tanh, is equivalent to a well-known, open problem formulated by Tarski; and (ii) the DNN verification problem for any quantifier-free linear arithmetic specification can be reduced to the DNN reachability problem, whose approximation is NP-complete. These results answer two fundamental questions about the computability and complexity of DNN verification, and the ways it is affected by the network’s activation functions and error tolerance; and could help guide future efforts in developing DNN verification tools.   

  Cite as    
 Omri Isac, Yoni Zohar, Clark Barrett, and Guy Katz. DNN Verification, Reachability, and the Exponential Function Problem. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 26:1-26:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{isac_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.26 author = {Isac, Omri and Zohar, Yoni and Barrett, Clark and Katz, Guy}, title = {{DNN Verification, Reachability, and the Exponential Function Problem}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {26:1--26:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.26}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190205}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.26}, annote = {Keywords: Formal Verification, Computability Theory, Deep Neural Networks} }  @InProceedings{isac_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.26 author = {Isac, Omri and Zohar, Yoni and Barrett, Clark and Katz, Guy}, title = {{DNN Verification, Reachability, and the Exponential Function Problem}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {26:1--26:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.26}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190205}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.26}, annote = {Keywords: Formal Verification, Computability Theory, Deep Neural Networks} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.27    

 Faithful Simulation of Randomized BFT Protocols on Block DAGs   
 Authors:  Hagit Attiya, Constantin Enea, and Shafik Nassar  
  Abstract    
 Byzantine Fault-Tolerant (BFT) protocols that are based on Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAGs) are attractive due to their many advantages in asynchronous blockchain systems. These DAG-based protocols can be viewed as a simulation of some BFT protocol on a DAG. Many DAG-based BFT protocols rely on randomization, since they are used for agreement and ordering of transactions, which cannot be achieved deterministically in asynchronous systems. Randomization is achieved either through local sources of randomness, or by employing shared objects that provide a common source of randomness, e.g., common coins. A DAG simulation of a randomized protocol should be faithful, in the sense that it precisely preserves the properties of the original BFT protocol, and in particular, their probability distributions. We argue that faithfulness is ensured by a forward simulation. We show how to faithfully simulate any BFT protocol that uses public coins and shared objects, like common coins.   

  Cite as    
 Hagit Attiya, Constantin Enea, and Shafik Nassar. Faithful Simulation of Randomized BFT Protocols on Block DAGs. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 27:1-27:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{attiya_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.27 author = {Attiya, Hagit and Enea, Constantin and Nassar, Shafik}, title = {{Faithful Simulation of Randomized BFT Protocols on Block DAGs}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {27:1--27:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.27}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190210}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.27}, annote = {Keywords: Byzantine failures, Hyperproperties, Forward Simulation} }  @InProceedings{attiya_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.27 author = {Attiya, Hagit and Enea, Constantin and Nassar, Shafik}, title = {{Faithful Simulation of Randomized BFT Protocols on Block DAGs}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {27:1--27:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.27}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190210}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.27}, annote = {Keywords: Byzantine failures, Hyperproperties, Forward Simulation} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.28    

 Real Equation Systems with Alternating Fixed-Points   
 Authors:  Jan Friso Groote and Tim A. C. Willemse  
  Abstract    
 We introduce the notion of a Real Equation System (RES), which lifts Boolean Equation Systems (BESs) to the domain of extended real numbers. Our RESs allow arbitrary nesting of least and greatest fixed-point operators. We show that each RES can be rewritten into an equivalent RES in normal form. These normal forms provide the basis for a complete procedure to solve RESs. This employs the elimination of the fixed-point variable at the left side of an equation from its right-hand side, combined with a technique often referred to as Gauß-elimination. We illustrate how this framework can be used to verify quantitative modal formulas with alternating fixed-point operators interpreted over probabilistic labelled transition systems.   

  Cite as    
 Jan Friso Groote and Tim A. C. Willemse. Real Equation Systems with Alternating Fixed-Points. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 28:1-28:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{groote_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.28 author = {Groote, Jan Friso and Willemse, Tim A. C.}, title = {{Real Equation Systems with Alternating Fixed-Points}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {28:1--28:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.28}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190225}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.28}, annote = {Keywords: Real Equation System, Solution method, Gau{\ss}-elimination, Model checking, Quantitative modal mu-calculus} }  @InProceedings{groote_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.28 author = {Groote, Jan Friso and Willemse, Tim A. C.}, title = {{Real Equation Systems with Alternating Fixed-Points}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {28:1--28:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.28}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190225}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.28}, annote = {Keywords: Real Equation System, Solution method, Gau{\ss}-elimination, Model checking, Quantitative modal mu-calculus} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.29    

 Constraint Automata on Infinite Data Trees: from CTL(ℤ)/CTL^*(ℤ) to Decision Procedures   
 Authors:  Stéphane Demri and Karin Quaas  
  Abstract    
 We introduce the class of tree constraint automata with data values in ℤ (equipped with the less than relation and equality predicates to constants), and we show that the nonemptiness problem is EXPTIME-complete. Using an automata-based approach, we establish that the satisfiability problem for CTL(ℤ) (CTL with constraints in ℤ) is EXPTIME-complete, and the satisfiability problem for CTL^*(ℤ) is 2ExpTime-complete (only decidability was known so far). By-product results with other concrete domains and other logics, are also briefly discussed.   

  Cite as    
 Stéphane Demri and Karin Quaas. Constraint Automata on Infinite Data Trees: from CTL(ℤ)/CTL^*(ℤ) to Decision Procedures. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 29:1-29:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{demri_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.29 author = {Demri, St\'{e}phane and Quaas, Karin}, title = {{Constraint Automata on Infinite Data Trees: from CTL(\mathbb{Z})/CTL^*(\mathbb{Z}) to Decision Procedures}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {29:1--29:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.29}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190238}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.29}, annote = {Keywords: Constraints, Constraint Automata, Temporal Logics, Infinite Data Trees} }  @InProceedings{demri_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.29 author = {Demri, St\'{e}phane and Quaas, Karin}, title = {{Constraint Automata on Infinite Data Trees: from CTL(\mathbb{Z})/CTL^*(\mathbb{Z}) to Decision Procedures}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {29:1--29:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.29}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190238}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.29}, annote = {Keywords: Constraints, Constraint Automata, Temporal Logics, Infinite Data Trees} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.30    

 Visibility and Separability for a Declarative Linearizability Proof of the Timestamped Stack   
 Authors:  Jesús Domínguez and Aleksandar Nanevski  
  Abstract    
 Linearizability is a standard correctness criterion for concurrent algorithms, typically proved by establishing the algorithms' linearization points (LP). However, LPs often hinder abstraction, and for some algorithms such as the timestamped stack, it is unclear how to even identify their LPs. In this paper, we show how to develop declarative proofs of linearizability by foregoing LPs and instead employing axiomatization of so-called visibility relations. While visibility relations have been considered before for the timestamped stack, our study is the first to show how to derive the axiomatization systematically and intuitively from the sequential specification of the stack. In addition to the visibility relation, a novel separability relation emerges to generalize real-time precedence of procedure invocation. The visibility and separability relations have natural definitions for the timestamped stack, and enable a novel proof that reduces the algorithm to a simplified form where the timestamps are generated atomically.   

  Cite as    
 Jesús Domínguez and Aleksandar Nanevski. Visibility and Separability for a Declarative Linearizability Proof of the Timestamped Stack. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 30:1-30:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{dominguez_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.30 author = {Dom{\'\i}nguez, Jes\'{u}s and Nanevski, Aleksandar}, title = {{Visibility and Separability for a Declarative Linearizability Proof of the Timestamped Stack}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {30:1--30:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.30}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190245}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.30}, annote = {Keywords: Linearizability, Visibility Relations, Timestamped Stack} }  @InProceedings{dominguez_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.30 author = {Dom{\'\i}nguez, Jes\'{u}s and Nanevski, Aleksandar}, title = {{Visibility and Separability for a Declarative Linearizability Proof of the Timestamped Stack}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {30:1--30:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.30}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190245}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.30}, annote = {Keywords: Linearizability, Visibility Relations, Timestamped Stack} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.31    

 History-Deterministic Parikh Automata   
 Authors:  Enzo Erlich, Shibashis Guha, Ismaël Jecker, Karoliina Lehtinen, and Martin Zimmermann  
  Abstract    
 Parikh automata extend finite automata by counters that can be tested for membership in a semilinear set, but only at the end of a run. Thereby, they preserve many of the desirable properties of finite automata. Deterministic Parikh automata are strictly weaker than nondeterministic ones, but enjoy better closure and algorithmic properties. This state of affairs motivates the study of intermediate forms of nondeterminism. Here, we investigate history-deterministic Parikh automata, i.e., automata whose nondeterminism can be resolved on the fly. This restricted form of nondeterminism is well-suited for applications which classically call for determinism, e.g., solving games and composition. We show that history-deterministic Parikh automata are strictly more expressive than deterministic ones, incomparable to unambiguous ones, and enjoy almost all of the closure properties of deterministic automata.   

  Cite as    
 Enzo Erlich, Shibashis Guha, Ismaël Jecker, Karoliina Lehtinen, and Martin Zimmermann. History-Deterministic Parikh Automata. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 31:1-31:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{erlich_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.31 author = {Erlich, Enzo and Guha, Shibashis and Jecker, Isma\"{e}l and Lehtinen, Karoliina and Zimmermann, Martin}, title = {{History-Deterministic Parikh Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {31:1--31:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.31}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190250}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.31}, annote = {Keywords: Parikh automata, History-determinism, Reversal-bounded Counter Machines} }  @InProceedings{erlich_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.31 author = {Erlich, Enzo and Guha, Shibashis and Jecker, Isma\"{e}l and Lehtinen, Karoliina and Zimmermann, Martin}, title = {{History-Deterministic Parikh Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {31:1--31:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.31}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190250}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.31}, annote = {Keywords: Parikh automata, History-determinism, Reversal-bounded Counter Machines} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.32    

 Computing Minimal Distinguishing Hennessy-Milner Formulas is NP-Hard, but Variants are Tractable   
 Authors:  Jan Martens and Jan Friso Groote  
  Abstract    
 We study the problem of computing minimal distinguishing formulas for non-bisimilar states in finite LTSs. We show that this is NP-hard if the size of the formula must be minimal. Similarly, the existence of a short distinguishing trace is NP-complete. However, we can provide polynomial algorithms, if minimality is formulated as the minimal number of nested modalities, and it can even be extended by recursively requiring a minimal number of nested negations. A prototype implementation shows that the generated formulas are much smaller than those generated by the method introduced by Cleaveland.   

  Cite as    
 Jan Martens and Jan Friso Groote. Computing Minimal Distinguishing Hennessy-Milner Formulas is NP-Hard, but Variants are Tractable. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 32:1-32:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{martens_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.32 author = {Martens, Jan and Groote, Jan Friso}, title = {{Computing Minimal Distinguishing Hennessy-Milner Formulas is NP-Hard, but Variants are Tractable}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {32:1--32:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.32}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190268}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.32}, annote = {Keywords: Distinguishing behaviour, Hennessy-Milner logic, NP-hardness} }  @InProceedings{martens_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.32 author = {Martens, Jan and Groote, Jan Friso}, title = {{Computing Minimal Distinguishing Hennessy-Milner Formulas is NP-Hard, but Variants are Tractable}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {32:1--32:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.32}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190268}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.32}, annote = {Keywords: Distinguishing behaviour, Hennessy-Milner logic, NP-hardness} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.33    

 Complexity of Membership and Non-Emptiness Problems in Unbounded Memory Automata   
 Authors:  Clément Bertrand, Cinzia Di Giusto, Hanna Klaudel, and Damien Regnault  
  Abstract    
 We study the complexity relationship between three models of unbounded memory automata: nu-automata (ν-A), Layered Memory Automata (LaMA)and History-Register Automata (HRA). These are all extensions of finite state automata with unbounded memory over infinite alphabets. We prove that the membership problem is NP-complete for all of them, while they fall into different classes for what concerns non-emptiness. The problem of non-emptiness is known to be Ackermann-complete for HRA, we prove that it is PSPACE-complete for ν-A.   

  Cite as    
 Clément Bertrand, Cinzia Di Giusto, Hanna Klaudel, and Damien Regnault. Complexity of Membership and Non-Emptiness Problems in Unbounded Memory Automata. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 33:1-33:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{bertrand_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.33 author = {Bertrand, Cl\'{e}ment and Di Giusto, Cinzia and Klaudel, Hanna and Regnault, Damien}, title = {{Complexity of Membership and Non-Emptiness Problems in Unbounded Memory Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {33:1--33:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.33}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190277}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.33}, annote = {Keywords: memory automata, \nu-automata, LaMA, HRA, complexity, non-emptiness, membership} }  @InProceedings{bertrand_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.33 author = {Bertrand, Cl\'{e}ment and Di Giusto, Cinzia and Klaudel, Hanna and Regnault, Damien}, title = {{Complexity of Membership and Non-Emptiness Problems in Unbounded Memory Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {33:1--33:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.33}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190277}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.33}, annote = {Keywords: memory automata, \nu-automata, LaMA, HRA, complexity, non-emptiness, membership} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.34    

 Modal Logics for Mobile Processes Revisited   
 Authors:  Tiange Liu, Alwen Tiu, and Jim de Groot  
  Abstract    
 We revisit the logical characterisations of various bisimilarity relations for the finite fragment of the π-calculus. Our starting point is the early and the late bisimilarity, first defined in the seminal work of Milner, Parrow and Walker, who also proved their characterisations in fragments of a modal logic (which we refer to as the MPW logic). Two important refinements of early and late bisimilarity, called open and quasi-open bisimilarity, respectively, were subsequently proposed by Sangiorgi and Walker. Horne, et. al., showed that open and quasi-bisimilarity are characterised by intuitionistic modal logics: OM (for open bisimilarity) and FM (for quasi-open bisimilarity). In this work, we attempt to unify the logical characterisations of these bisimilarity relations, showing that they can be characterised by different sublogics of a unifying logic. A key insight to this unification derives from a reformulation of the four bisimilarity relations (early, late, open and quasi-open) that uses an explicit name context, and an observation that these relations can be distinguished by the relative scoping of names and their instantiations in the name context. This name context and name substitution then give rise to an accessibility relation in the underlying Kripke semantics of our logic, that is captured logically by an S4-like modal operator. We then show that the MPW, the OM and the FM logics can be embedded into fragments of our unifying classical modal logic. In the case of OM and FM, the embedding uses the fact that intuitionistic implication can be encoded in modal logic S4.   

  Cite as    
 Tiange Liu, Alwen Tiu, and Jim de Groot. Modal Logics for Mobile Processes Revisited. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 34:1-34:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{liu_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.34 author = {Liu, Tiange and Tiu, Alwen and de Groot, Jim}, title = {{Modal Logics for Mobile Processes Revisited}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {34:1--34:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.34}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190289}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.34}, annote = {Keywords: pi-calculus, modal logic, intuitionistic logic, bisimilarity} }  @InProceedings{liu_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.34 author = {Liu, Tiange and Tiu, Alwen and de Groot, Jim}, title = {{Modal Logics for Mobile Processes Revisited}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {34:1--34:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.34}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190289}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.34}, annote = {Keywords: pi-calculus, modal logic, intuitionistic logic, bisimilarity} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.35    

 Deciding What Is Good-For-MDPs   
 Authors:  Sven Schewe, Qiyi Tang, and Tansholpan Zhanabekova  
  Abstract    
 Nondeterministic good-for-MDPs (GFM) automata are for MDP model checking and reinforcement learning what good-for-games automata are for reactive synthesis: a more compact alternative to deterministic automata that displays nondeterminism, but only so much that it can be resolved locally, such that a syntactic product can be analysed. GFM has recently been introduced as a property for reinforcement learning, where the simpler Büchi acceptance conditions it allows to use is key. However, while there are classic and novel techniques to obtain automata that are GFM, there has not been a decision procedure for checking whether or not an automaton is GFM. We show that GFM-ness is decidable and provide an EXPTIME decision procedure as well as a PSPACE-hardness proof.   

  Cite as    
 Sven Schewe, Qiyi Tang, and Tansholpan Zhanabekova. Deciding What Is Good-For-MDPs. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 35:1-35:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{schewe_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.35 author = {Schewe, Sven and Tang, Qiyi and Zhanabekova, Tansholpan}, title = {{Deciding What Is Good-For-MDPs}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {35:1--35:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.35}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190290}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.35}, annote = {Keywords: B\"{u}chi automata, Markov Decision Processes, Omega-regular objectives, Reinforcement learning} }  @InProceedings{schewe_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.35 author = {Schewe, Sven and Tang, Qiyi and Zhanabekova, Tansholpan}, title = {{Deciding What Is Good-For-MDPs}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {35:1--35:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.35}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190290}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.35}, annote = {Keywords: B\"{u}chi automata, Markov Decision Processes, Omega-regular objectives, Reinforcement learning} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.36    

 The Semilinear Home-Space Problem Is Ackermann-Complete for Petri Nets   
 Authors:  Petr Jančar and Jérôme Leroux  
  Abstract    
 A set of configurations H is a home-space for a set of configurations X of a Petri net if every configuration reachable from (any configuration in) X can reach (some configuration in) H. The semilinear home-space problem for Petri nets asks, given a Petri net and semilinear sets of configurations X, H, if H is a home-space for X. In 1989, David de Frutos Escrig and Colette Johnen proved that the problem is decidable when X is a singleton and H is a finite union of linear sets with the same periods. In this paper, we show that the general (semilinear) problem is decidable. This result is obtained by proving a duality between the reachability problem and the non-home-space problem. In particular, we prove that for any Petri net and any linear set of configurations L we can effectively compute a semilinear set C of configurations, called a non-reachability core for L, such that for every set X the set L is not a home-space for X if, and only if, C is reachable from X. We show that the established relation to the reachability problem yields the Ackermann-completeness of the (semilinear) home-space problem. For this we also show that, given a Petri net with an initial marking, the set of minimal reachable markings can be constructed in Ackermannian time.   

  Cite as    
 Petr Jančar and Jérôme Leroux. The Semilinear Home-Space Problem Is Ackermann-Complete for Petri Nets. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 36:1-36:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{jancar_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.36 author = {Jan\v{c}ar, Petr and Leroux, J\'{e}r\^{o}me}, title = {{The Semilinear Home-Space Problem Is Ackermann-Complete for Petri Nets}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {36:1--36:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.36}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190300}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.36}, annote = {Keywords: Petri nets, home-space property, semilinear sets, Ackermannian complexity} }  @InProceedings{jancar_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.36 author = {Jan\v{c}ar, Petr and Leroux, J\'{e}r\^{o}me}, title = {{The Semilinear Home-Space Problem Is Ackermann-Complete for Petri Nets}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {36:1--36:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.36}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190300}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.36}, annote = {Keywords: Petri nets, home-space property, semilinear sets, Ackermannian complexity} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.37    

 Singly Exponential Translation of Alternating Weak Büchi Automata to Unambiguous Büchi Automata   
 Authors:  Yong Li, Sven Schewe, and Moshe Y. Vardi  
  Abstract    
 We introduce a method for translating an alternating weak Büchi automaton (AWA), which corresponds to a Linear Dynamic Logic (LDL) formula, to an unambiguous Büchi automaton (UBA). Our translations generalise constructions for Linear Temporal Logic (LTL), a less expressive specification language than LDL. In classical constructions, LTL formulas are first translated to alternating very weak automata (AVAs) - automata that have only singleton strongly connected components (SCCs); the AVAs are then handled by efficient disambiguation procedures. However, general AWAs can have larger SCCs, which complicates disambiguation. Currently, the only available disambiguation procedure has to go through an intermediate construction of nondeterministic Büchi automata (NBAs), which would incur an exponential blow-up of its own. We introduce a translation from general AWAs to UBAs with a singly exponential blow-up, which also immediately provides a singly exponential translation from LDL to UBAs. Interestingly, the complexity of our translation is smaller than the best known disambiguation algorithm for NBAs (broadly (0.53n)ⁿ vs. (0.76n)ⁿ), while the input of our construction can be exponentially more succinct.   

  Cite as    
 Yong Li, Sven Schewe, and Moshe Y. Vardi. Singly Exponential Translation of Alternating Weak Büchi Automata to Unambiguous Büchi Automata. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 37:1-37:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{li_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.37 author = {Li, Yong and Schewe, Sven and Vardi, Moshe Y.}, title = {{Singly Exponential Translation of Alternating Weak B\"{u}chi Automata to Unambiguous B\"{u}chi Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {37:1--37:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.37}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190313}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.37}, annote = {Keywords: B\"{u}chi automata, unambiguous automata, alternation, weak, disambiguation} }  @InProceedings{li_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.37 author = {Li, Yong and Schewe, Sven and Vardi, Moshe Y.}, title = {{Singly Exponential Translation of Alternating Weak B\"{u}chi Automata to Unambiguous B\"{u}chi Automata}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {37:1--37:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.37}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190313}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.37}, annote = {Keywords: B\"{u}chi automata, unambiguous automata, alternation, weak, disambiguation} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.38    

 Contextual Behavioural Metrics   
 Authors:  Ugo Dal Lago and Maurizio Murgia  
  Abstract    
 We introduce contextual behavioural metrics (CBMs) as a novel way of measuring the discrepancy in behaviour between processes, taking into account both quantitative aspects and contextual information. This way, process distances by construction take the environment into account: two (non-equivalent) processes may still exhibit very similar behaviour in some contexts, e.g., when certain actions are never performed. We first show how CBMs capture many well-known notions of equivalence and metric, including Larsen’s environmental parametrized bisimulation. We then study compositional properties of CBMs with respect to some common process algebraic operators, namely prefixing, restriction, non-deterministic sum, parallel composition and replication.   

  Cite as    
 Ugo Dal Lago and Maurizio Murgia. Contextual Behavioural Metrics. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 38:1-38:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{dallago_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.38 author = {Dal Lago, Ugo and Murgia, Maurizio}, title = {{Contextual Behavioural Metrics}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {38:1--38:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.38}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190320}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.38}, annote = {Keywords: Behavioural metrics, Labelled Transition Systems, Differential Semantics} }  @InProceedings{dallago_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.38 author = {Dal Lago, Ugo and Murgia, Maurizio}, title = {{Contextual Behavioural Metrics}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {38:1--38:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.38}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190320}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.38}, annote = {Keywords: Behavioural metrics, Labelled Transition Systems, Differential Semantics} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.39    

 Priority Downward Closures   
 Authors:  Ashwani Anand and Georg Zetzsche  
  Abstract    
 When a system sends messages through a lossy channel, then the language encoding all sequences of messages can be abstracted by its downward closure, i.e. the set of all (not necessarily contiguous) subwords. This is useful because even if the system has infinitely many states, its downward closure is a regular language. However, if the channel has congestion control based on priorities assigned to the messages, then we need a finer abstraction: The downward closure with respect to the priority embedding. As for subword-based downward closures, one can also show that these priority downward closures are always regular. While computing finite automata for the subword-based downward closure is well understood, nothing is known in the case of priorities. We initiate the study of this problem and provide algorithms to compute priority downward closures for regular languages, one-counter languages, and context-free languages.   

  Cite as    
 Ashwani Anand and Georg Zetzsche. Priority Downward Closures. In 34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 279, pp. 39:1-39:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{anand_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.39 author = {Anand, Ashwani and Zetzsche, Georg}, title = {{Priority Downward Closures}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {39:1--39:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.39}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190339}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.39}, annote = {Keywords: downward closure, priority order, pushdown automata, non-deterministic finite automata, abstraction, computability} }  @InProceedings{anand_et_al:LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.39 author = {Anand, Ashwani and Zetzsche, Georg}, title = {{Priority Downward Closures}}, booktitle = {34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory (CONCUR 2023)}, pages = {39:1--39:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-299-0}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {279}, editor = {P\'{e}rez, Guillermo A. and Raskin, Jean-Fran\c{c}ois}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.39}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-190339}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.CONCUR.2023.39}, annote = {Keywords: downward closure, priority order, pushdown automata, non-deterministic finite automata, abstraction, computability} }    

 Filters  

 Authors 
   Show All  Collapse 
  Show All 
  A 
  Abate, Alessandro 
  Ajdarów, Michal 
  Anand, Ashwani 
  Attiya, Hagit 
  Avni, Guy 
  B 
  Barrett, Clark 
  Bartocci, Ezio 
  Baumann, Pascal 
  Berdine, Josh 
  Bertrand, Clément 
  Boker, Udi 
  Bose, Sougata 
  Bouajjani, Ahmed 
  D 
  Dal Lago, Ugo 
  de Groot, Jim 
  Demri, Stéphane 
  Di Giusto, Cinzia 
  Domínguez, Jesús 
  E 
  Edwards, Alec 
  Enea, Constantin 
  Erlich, Enzo 
  Esparza, Javier 
  F 
  Finkel, Alain 
  G 
  Ghorpade, Pranav 
  Giacobbe, Mirco 
  Groote, Jan Friso 
  Guha, Shibashis 
  Guillou, Lucie 
  Guttenberg, Roland 
  H 
  Haase, Christoph 
  Haddad, Serge 
  Henzinger, Thomas A. 
  I 
  Iosif, Radu 
  Isac, Omri 
  J 
  Jančar, Petr 
  Jecker, Ismaël 
  Johnsen, Einar Broch 
  Jonsson, Bengt 
  K 
  Kamburjan, Eduard 
  Katz, Guy 
  Keskin, Eren 
  Klaudel, Hanna 
  Kløvstad, Åsmund Aqissiaq Arild 
  Krishna, Shankara Narayanan 
  Kučera, Antonín 
  Kupferman, Orna 
  Kwiatkowska, Marta 
  L 
  Lehtinen, Karoliina 
  Leroux, Jérôme 
  Li, Yong 
  Liu, Tiange 
  Luttik, Bas 
  M 
  Madnani, Khushraj 
  Madnani, Khushraj Nanik 
  Majumdar, Rupak 
  Martens, Jan 
  Mascle, Corto 
  Mazowiecki, Filip 
  Mazzocchi, Nicolas 
  Meyer, Roland 
  Michaliszyn, Jakub 
  Mordido, Andreia 
  Murgia, Maurizio 
  Muscholl, Anca 
  N 
  Nanevski, Aleksandar 
  Nassar, Shafik 
  Nickovic, Dejan 
  O 
  O'Hearn, Peter 
  Oliveira da Costa, Ana 
  Otop, Jan 
  P 
  Pandya, Paritosh 
  Pérez, Guillermo A. 
  Peters, Kirstin 
  Piórkowski, Radosław 
  Punchihewa, Hashan 
  Purser, David 
  Q 
  Quaas, Karin 
  R 
  Raad, Azalea 
  Raskin, Jean-François 
  Raskin, Mikhail 
  Regnault, Damien 
  Roy, Diptarko 
  S 
  Sangnier, Arnaud 
  Saraç, N. Ege 
  Schewe, Sven 
  Schmitt, Anna 
  Shenwald, Noam 
  Silva, Gil 
  Spronck, Myrthe S. C. 
  Sznajder, Nathalie 
  T 
  Tang, Qiyi 
  Tiu, Alwen 
  Totzke, Patrick 
  V 
  van Spaendonck, P. H. M. 
  Vanegue, Julien 
  Vardi, Moshe Y. 
  Vasconcelos, Vasco T. 
  W 
  Walukiewicz, Igor 
  Wieczorek, Piotr 
  Willemse, Tim A. C. 
  Y 
  Ye, Lina 
  Z 
  Zetzsche, Georg 
  Zhanabekova, Tansholpan 
  Zimmermann, Martin 
  Zohar, Yoni 
  Zuleger, Florian 

  Subjects 
   Show All  Collapse 
  Show All 
  Computing methodologies 
  Computing methodologies → Distributed algorithms 
  Computing methodologies → Machine learning 
  Computing methodologies → Neural networks 
  General and reference 
  General and reference → Verification 
  Mathematics of computing 
  Mathematics of computing → Markov processes 
  Security and privacy 
  Security and privacy → Logic and verification 
  Software and its engineering 
  Software and its engineering → Concurrent programming structures 
  Software and its engineering → Formal software verification 
  Theory of computation 
  Theory of computation 
  Theory of computation → Automata over infinite objects 
  Theory of computation → Concurrency 
  Theory of computation → Distributed computing models 
  Theory of computation → Formal languages and automata theory 
  Theory of computation → Logic 
  Theory of computation → Logic and verification 
  Theory of computation → Modal and temporal logics 
  Theory of computation → Models of computation 
  Theory of computation → Parallel computing models 
  Theory of computation → Probabilistic computation 
  Theory of computation → Problems, reductions and completeness 
  Theory of computation → Process calculi 
  Theory of computation → Program analysis 
  Theory of computation → Program reasoning 
  Theory of computation → Program verification 
  Theory of computation → Programming logic 
  Theory of computation → Quantitative automata 
  Theory of computation → Regular languages 
  Theory of computation → Separation logic 
  Theory of computation → Shared memory algorithms 
  Theory of computation → Type structures 
  Theory of computation → Verification by model checking 

  Questions / Remarks / Feedback   X  Feedback for Dagstuhl Publishing  
     
  Send    
   
  Thanks for your feedback!  
 Feedback submitted   
 OK    
  Could not send message  
 Please try again later or send an E-mail    
 OK    
   About DROPS  
 Schloss Dagstuhl - Leibniz Center for Informatics has been operating the Dagstuhl Research Online Publication Server (short: DROPS) since 2004. DROPS enables publication of the latest research findings in a fast, uncomplicated manner, in addition to providing unimpeded, open access to them. All the requisite metadata on each publication is administered in accordance with general guidelines pertaining to online publications (cf. Dublin Core). This enables the online publications to be authorized for citation and made accessible to a wide readership on a permanent basis. Access is free of charge for readers following the open access idea which fosters unimpeded access to scientific publications.  
 More about DROPS 
    
 Instructions for Authors  
 Dagstuhl Series   
  LIPIcs 
  OASIcs 
  Dagstuhl Follow-Ups 
    
 Dagstuhl Journals   
  DARTS – Dagstuhl Artifacts Series 
  Dagstuhl Reports 
  Dagstuhl Manifestos 
  LITES 
  TGDK – Transactions on Graph Data and Knowledge 

 Instructions for Editors  
 Dagstuhl Series   
  LIPIcs 
  OASIcs 
  Dagstuhl Follow-Ups 
    
 Dagstuhl Journals   
  DARTS – Dagstuhl Artifacts Series 
  Dagstuhl Reports 
  Dagstuhl Manifestos 
  LITES 
  TGDK – Transactions on Graph Data and Knowledge 

 © 2023-2024 Schloss Dagstuhl – LZI GmbH  About DROPS  Imprint  Privacy  Contact

49. ICARCV_1 conference:
Skip to main content  IEEE.org  | IEEE Xplore  Digital Library  | IEEE Standards  | IEEE Spectrum  | More Sites   

 Keywords       

   About 
  Publications | General Information | IEEE CSS Publications 
  Ethical Rules of Publications 
  Publications Digest 
  Control for Societal-Scale Challenges Roadmap 2030 
  The Impact of Control Technology - 1st ed. 
  The Impact of Control Technology - 2nd ed. 
  IEEE Press Book Series 
  Society Publications | Control Systems Letters 
  IEEE Control Systems Magazine 
  IEEE Open Journal of Control Systems 
  Transactions on Automatic Control 
  Transactions on Control of Network Systems 
  Transactions on Control Systems Technology 
  E-Letter (discontinued) 
  State-Space Forum 
  Open Journal Control Systems 
  Conferences | Conferences | CSS Conferences 
  Financially Sponsored Conferences 
  Technically Co-Sponsored Conferences 
  Conference Listing 
  Conference Editorial Board (CEB) 
  Technology Conference Editorial Board (TCEB) 
  Conference Publications 
  Request Technical Co-Sponsorship 
  Add a Conference 
  Conference Organizers | Conference Budgets 
  Activities | Technical Activities | CSS Technical Activities 
  TC Chair Guidelines 
  History of CSS TAB 
  Member Activities | CSS Member Activities 
  Distinguished Lecturer Program 
  CSS Chapter Activities 
  Technical Committees | Technical Committees 
  Student Activities | Student Membership 
  Student Travel Support 
  Student Workshop Support 
  Student Branch Chapters 
  Financial Activities | CSS Financial Activities 
  Travel Support 
  Conference Budgets 
  Diversity, Outreach, and Development Activities | CSS on Diversity, Outreach, and Development Activities 
  Women in Control 
  Outreach Fund 
  CSS Graduate Collaboration Fellowship 
  Awards | Award Nominations | Call for Award Nominations  
 More Info 
  CSS Awards Information | Awards Program 
  CSS IEEE Fellows 
  Other IEEE Awards 
  Award Listing 
  2020 Awards Ceremony Video 
  CSS Awards | Hendrik W. Bode Lecture Prize 
  Antonio Ruberti Young Researcher Prize 
  George S. Axelby Outstanding Paper Award 
  TCST Outstanding Paper Award 
  CSM Outstanding Paper Award 
  Control Systems Technology Award 
  Award for Technical Excellence in Aerospace Control 
  Transition to Practice Award 
  IEEE Control Systems Letters Outstanding Paper Award 
  CCTA Best Student Paper Award 
  CDC Best Student Paper Award 
  Outstanding Chapter Award 
  Distinguished Member Award 
  TCNS Outstanding Paper Award 
  Roberto Tempo Best CDC Paper Award 
  IEEE Control Systems Society Graduate Collaboration Fellowship 
  Videos & Webinars 

 Call Documents  
   
 ×     

 Technically Co-sponsored   

 ICARCV 2022  
 17th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision  

  Website    
  Share This Event  
   facebook    
    twitter    
    linkedin    
    Email    

 Date & Time  
 Sun, December 11, 2022 –  
  Tue, December 13, 2022  
  Add to calendar   

 Location  
 Singapore  
 Hybrid Mode (physical + virtual)  
  Hybrid Mode (physical + virtual)   

 Home  | Sitemap/More Sites  | Contact & Support  | Accessibility  | Nondiscrimination Policy  | IEEE Privacy Policy   
 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions   .  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

 This site is created, maintained, and managed by Conference Catalysts, LLC  .  
  Please feel free to contact us  for any assistance.

50. CONCUR_1 conference:


51. ICARCV_2 conference:
iccarconf@outlook.com 
  Ticket to ICCAR 2025 

 Toggle navigation          
 Home 
  Call for Papers | Call for Papers 
  Special Session 1 
  Special Session 2 
  Special Session 3 
  Special Session 4 
  Special Session 5 
  Special Session 6 
  Speakers | Conference Speakers 
  ICCAR Speakers Gallery 
  About Conference | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Conference Program 
  Conference Venue 
  For Delegates | Paper Submission 
  Conference Awards 
  Registration Guidelines 
  Conference Contact 
  History | Proceedings & Index 
  ICCAR 2024 
  ICCAR 2023 
  ICCAR 2022 
  ICCAR 2021 
  ICCAR 2020 
  ICCAR 2019 
  ICCAR 2018 
  ICCAR 2017 
  ICCAR 2016 
  ICCAR 2015 

  Previous    Next     

  ICCAR 2025 Call for Papers  
 Following the success of previous editions, the 11th International Conference on Control, Automation and Robotics (ICCAR)  will be held at Kyoto during April 18-20, 2025  .  
 ICCAR 2025 is co-sponsored by Beihang University  , IEEE Robotics and Automation Society  , Singapore Institute of Electronics  , hosted by Singapore Institute of Electronics  , supported by Shanghai Jiao Tong University, University of Essex, United Kingdom, University of Georgia, USA,Nankai University, China, University of Liverpool, etc.  
 ICCAR wishes to encourage academic excellence for young people in this field. Therefore, the organizing committee initiated several awards to raise the importance of academic achievement in our future professionals. Know more about the prize   .  
  
 Paper Template | LaTex Template | Click to Submit 

  Alert: BEWARE OF PHISHING EMAILS! Emails from ops@travellerpoint.org are NOT related to us. Do not share details or personal info.  

 Special Sessions   

  Special Session 1: Control of Advanced Robotic and Mechatronic Systems     
  Organizer: Ning Sun, Nankai University, China  
  Organizer: Hongpeng Wang, Nankai University, China  

  Special Session 2: Intelligent and Sustainable Solutions for Liveable Cities     
  Organizer: Andrew Keong Ng, Singapore Institute of Technology, Singapore  

  Special Session 3: Autonomous Safety Control in Aerospace Applications     
  Organizer: Jing Chang, Xidian University, China  
  Organizer: Yongxia Shi, City University of Hong Kong, China  

  Special Session 4: Intelligent Perception and Control of Networked Motion Control Systems     
  Organizer: Dan Zhang, Zhejiang University of Technology, China  
  Organizer: Jun Cheng, Guangxi Normal University, China  

  Special Session 5: Advanced Fluid Power Transmission and Control     
  Organizer: Yan Shi, Beihang University, China  
  Organizer: Jicheng Chen, Beihang University, China  
  Organizer: Henglai Wei, University of Victoria, Canada  

  Special Session 6: Space Intelligence Dexterous Operation     
  Organizer: Luyuan Wang, China Academy of Space Technology, Beijing Institute of Spacecraft System Engineering  
  Organizer: Jiyang Yu, China Academy of Space Technology, Beijing Institute of Spacecraft System Engineering  
  Organizer: Dan Huang, Chinese Academy of Weapons Sciences, China  

 Important Dates   

 December 20th, 2024   
  Paper submission Deadline  

 January 20th, 2025   
  Notification Date  

 January 30th, 2025   
  Registration Deadline  

 CONFERENCE PROCEEDINGS 

 After a careful reviewing process, all accepted papers after proper registration and presentation will be published by IEEE Conference Proceedings  , which will be included in IEEE Xplore  , and submitted for Ei Compendex & Scopus  index. 

 News Center!    
   
  ICCAR 2025 is included in IEEE official upcoming conference list: https://conferences.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/conferencedetails/64901    
  ICCAR 2024 was successfully held in Singapore, more information please chick.    
  ICCAR 2024 was included in IEEE official upcoming conference list   .   

 Co-sponsored by | Hosted by | Supported by 

 Past ICCAR  
   
  2024 IEEE ISBN: 979-8-3503-7317-2   

  2023 IEEE ISBN:979-8-3503-2250-7   

  2022 IEEE ISBN:978-1-6654-8115-1   

  2021 IEEE ISBN:978-1-6654-4985-4   

  2020 IEEE ISBN:978-1-7281-6138-9   

  2019 IEEE ISBN:978-1-7281-3325-6   

  2018 IEEE ISBN:978-1-5386-6336-3   

  2017 IEEE ISBN:978-1-5090-6087-0   

  2016 IEEE ISBN:978-1-4673-9859-6   

  2015 IEEE ISBN:978-1-5090-6087-0   

 Copyright © The 11th International Conference on Control, Automation and Robotics (ICCAR). All Rights Reserved.    

 ×  Home 
  Call for Papers | Call for Papers 
  Special Session 1 
  Special Session 2 
  Special Session 3 
  Special Session 4 
  Special Session 5 
  Special Session 6 
  Speakers | Conference Speakers 
  ICCAR Speakers Gallery 
  About Conference | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Conference Program 
  Conference Venue 
  For Delegates | Paper Submission 
  Conference Awards 
  Registration Guidelines 
  Conference Contact 
  Contact

52. ICARCV_3 conference:
iccarconf@outlook.com 
  Ticket to ICCAR 2025 

 Toggle navigation          
 Home 
  Call for Papers | Call for Papers 
  Special Session 1 
  Special Session 2 
  Special Session 3 
  Special Session 4 
  Special Session 5 
  Special Session 6 
  Speakers | Conference Speakers 
  ICCAR Speakers Gallery 
  About Conference | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Conference Program 
  Conference Venue 
  For Delegates | Paper Submission 
  Conference Awards 
  Registration Guidelines 
  Conference Contact 
  History | Proceedings & Index 
  ICCAR 2024 
  ICCAR 2023 
  ICCAR 2022 
  ICCAR 2021 
  ICCAR 2020 
  ICCAR 2019 
  ICCAR 2018 
  ICCAR 2017 
  ICCAR 2016 
  ICCAR 2015 

 ICCAR 2023  

 ICCAR 2023 | Beijing, China | April 21-23  

 Conference Proceedings ( IEEE Xplore  ) ( Ei Compendex and Scopus  )  

 Copyright © The 11th International Conference on Control, Automation and Robotics (ICCAR). All Rights Reserved.    

 ×  Home 
  Call for Papers | Call for Papers 
  Special Session 1 
  Special Session 2 
  Special Session 3 
  Special Session 4 
  Special Session 5 
  Special Session 6 
  Speakers | Conference Speakers 
  ICCAR Speakers Gallery 
  About Conference | Organizing Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Conference Program 
  Conference Venue 
  For Delegates | Paper Submission 
  Conference Awards 
  Registration Guidelines 
  Conference Contact 
  Contact

53. CONCUR_2 conference:
Skip to main content  Link      Menu       Expand     (external link)      Document      Search      Copy      Copied       Concurrency Theory       
 Concurrency Theory 
  Organizations   
 IFIP-WG 1.8 
  GI Fachgruppe 
  Events   
 CONCUR 
  TOT AWARD 
  TRENDS | TRENDS 2015 
  TRENDS 2016 
  TRENDS 2017 
  TRENDS 2018 
  TRENDS 2019 
  TRENDS 2020 
  TRENDS 2021 
  TRENDS 2022 
  TRENDS 2023 
  TRENDS 2024 
   
 This site uses Just the Docs  , a documentation theme for Jekyll.  

    International Conference on Concurrency Theory  
 The purpose of the CONCUR conferences is to bring together researchers, developers, and students in order to advance the theory of concurrency, and promote its applications (in a broad sense).  
 Topics of Interest are all areas of semantics, logics, verification and analysis of concurrent systems. The principal topics include (but are not limited to): Basic models of concurrency such as abstract machines, domain theoretic models, game theoretic models, process algebras, and Petri nets; Logics for concurrency such as modal logics, probabilistic and stochastic logics, temporal logics, and resource logics; Models of specialized systems such as biology-inspired systems, circuits, hybrid systems, mobile and collaborative systems, multi-core processors, probabilistic systems, real-time systems, service-oriented computing, and synchronous systems; Verification and analysis techniques for concurrent systems such as abstract interpretation, atomicity checking, model checking, race detection, pre-order and equivalence checking, run-time verification, state-space exploration, static analysis, synthesis, testing, theorem proving, and type systems; Related programming models such as distributed, component-based, object-oriented, and web services.  
    Conferences  
 CONCUR 2024 | Calgary, Canada 
  CONCUR 2023 | Antwerp, Belgium 
  CONCUR 2022 | Warsaw, Poland 
  CONCUR 2021 | Paris, France | Online 
  CONCUR 2020 | Vienna, Austria | Online 
  CONCUR 2019 | Amsterdam, the Netherlands 
  CONCUR 2018 | Beijing, China 
  CONCUR 2017 | Berlin, Germany 
  CONCUR 2016 | Québec City, Canada 
  CONCUR 2015 | Madrid, Spain 
  CONCUR 2014 | Rome, Italy 
  CONCUR 2013 | Buenos Aires, Argentina 
  CONCUR 2012 | Newcastle, UK 
  CONCUR 2011 | Aachen, Germany 
  CONCUR 2010 | Paris, France 
  CONCUR ‘09 | Bologna, Italy 
  CONCUR ‘08 | Toronto, Canada 
  CONCUR ‘07 | Lisbon, Portugal 
  CONCUR ‘06 | Bonn, Germany 
  CONCUR ‘05 | San Francisco, USA 
  CONCUR ‘04 | London, UK 
  CONCUR ‘03 | Marseille, France 
  CONCUR ‘02 | Brno, Czech Republic 
  CONCUR ‘01 Aalborg, Denmark 
  CONCUR ‘00 Pennsylvania, USA 
  CONCUR ‘99 Eindhoven, Netherlands 
  CONCUR ‘98 Nice, France 
  CONCUR ‘97 Warsaw, Poland 
  CONCUR ‘96 Pisa, Italy 
  CONCUR ‘95 Philadelphia, USA 
  CONCUR ‘94 Uppsala, Sweden 
  CONCUR ‘93 Hildesheim, Germany 
  CONCUR ‘92 Stony Brook, USA 
  CONCUR ‘91 Amsterdam, Netherlands 
  CONCUR ‘90 Amsterdam, Netherlands 
   Edit this page on GitHub.

54. CONCUR_3 conference:
researchr 
   explore | Tags 
  Journals 
  Conferences 
  Authors 
  Profiles 
  Groups 
  calendar | New Conferences 
  Events 
  Deadlines 
  search  search 
    
   You are not signed in 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
     Links  
 Conference series 
      
      concur 2023: CONCUR 2023  
 in ,  Conference 
   Call for Papers 
   Program 
           
  About the Conference  
  Conference Dates  
  Proceedings  
 Guillermo A. Pérez 0001    , Jean-François Raskin     , editors,  34th International Conference on Concurrency Theory, CONCUR 2023, September 18-23, 2023, Antwerp, Belgium    .   Volume 279 of LIPIcs  , Schloss Dagstuhl - Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik, 2023. 

 About 
  Contact 
  Credits 
  Help 
  Web Service API 
  Blog 
  FAQ 
  Feedback 
    
 runs on Web  DSL

55. CoopIS_0 conference:
About CoopIS 
  Upcoming Edition 
  CoopIS Conferences 
  Steering committee 

  International Conferences on Cooperative Information Systems  
   
 About CoopIS  
 Cooperative Information Systems (CIS) facilitate the cooperation between individuals, organisations, smart devices, and systems of systems, by providing flexible, scalable and intelligent services to enterprises, public institutions and user communities. As a result, people and smart devices can interact, share information and work together across physical barriers. The domain of CIS integrates research results from different related computing areas, such as: distributed systems, coordination technologies, collaborative decision making, enterprise architecture, business process management and conceptual modelling.  
   
  In recent years, several innovative technologies have emerged: Cloud Computing, Service Oriented Computing, the Internet of Things, Linked Open Data, Semantic Systems, Collective Awareness Platforms, Block Chain, Processes as a Service, etc, that enable the next generation of CISs.  
   
  In developing the next generation CISs, research is needed towards (1) the applicability and use of the above mentioned innovative technologies, (2) approaches to develop CISs in particular catering towards the multitude of stakeholders involved in the development of socio-cyber-physical systems, and (3) associated modelling techniques to express and analyse the different aspects of these systems in cohesion.  
   
  The CoopIS conference series is an established international event for presenting and discussing scientific contributions about technical, economical, and societal aspects of distributed information systems at scale.  

 Upcoming Edition  
 CoopIS 2025  will take place in Marbella, Spain (20-22 October 2025). This 31th edition  is organized by INSTICC  . More information can be found at https://coopis.scitevents.org/   

 CoopIS Conferences  
 The CoopIS conference series began in 1993 as the International Conference on Intelligent and Cooperative Information Systems and was renamed the International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems in 1994. The first edition in 1993 was created by Prof. Robert Meersman (VUB, Belgium). From 2002 to 2019, CoopIS was part of a federated conference, held jointly with the International Symposium on Distributed Objects and Applications (DOA) and the International Conference on Ontologies, Databases, and Applications of Semantics (ODBASE) for large-scale information systems. After a hiatus during the COVID-19 pandemic, CoopIS resumed in 2022. Since 2000, CoopIS proceedings have been published by Springer Verlag in their Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series.  
 The conference began in Rotterdam and subsequently traveled to various locations, including Catania, Sicily in 2003; Cyprus in 2004 and 2005; Montpellier in 2006; Vilamoura in 2007 and 2009; Monterrey, Mexico in 2008; Heraklion, Crete in 2010 and 2011; Rome in 2012; Graz in 2013; Amantea, Italy in 2014; Rhodes in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2019; Valletta in 2018; Bozen-Bolzano in 2022; Groningen in 2023; Porto in 2024; and Marbella in 2025.  
 Below is a complete list of CoopIS editions:  
 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  2022 
  2019 
  2018 
  2017 
  2016 
  2015 
  2014 
  2013 
  2012 
  2011 
  2010 
  2009 
  2008 
  2007 
  2006 
  2005 
  2004 
  2003 
  2002 
  2001 
  2000 
  1999 
  1998 
  1997 
  1996 
  1995 
  1994 
  1993 
   
 Location | Marbella, Spain 
 Website | coopis.scitevents.org 
 General Chair | TBA 
 PC Co-Chairs | TBA 
 Keynote Speakers | TBA 
 Proceedings | TBA 

 Location | Porto, Portugal 
 Website | coopis.scitevents.org/?y=2024 
 General Chair | Mohamed Sellami and Zhangbing Zhou 
 PC Co-Chairs | Marco Comuzzi and Daniela Grigori 
 Keynote Speakers | Paul Grefen and Barbara Weber 
 Proceedings | TBA 

 Location | Groningen, The Netherlands 
 Website | www.coopisconference.org/2023/ 
 General Chair | Hervé Panetto and Walid Gaaloul 
 PC Co-Chairs | Maria-Esther Vidal and Boudewijn van Dongen 
 Keynote Speakers | Boualem Benatallah and Fabio Casati 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-46846-9 

 Location | Bozen-Bolzano, Italy 
 Website | www.coopisconference.org/2022/ 
 Honorary Chair | Robert Meersman 
 General Chair | Hervé Panetto and Walid Gaaloul 
 PC Co-Chairs | Hajo A. Reijers and Paolo Ceravolo 
 Keynote Speakers | Daniel R. Isaacs and Stephen Mellor 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-17834-4 

 Location | Rhodes, Greece 
 Website | www.otmconferences.org/index.php/conferences/coopis19 
 General Chair | Hervé Panetto and Robert Meersman 
 PC Co-Chairs | Martin Hepp and Maria Maleshkova 
 Keynote Speakers | Elena Simperl, Silvie Spreeuwenberg, and Stefan Thalmann 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-33246-4 

 Location | Valletta, Malta 
 Website | www.otmconferences.org/index.php/conferences/coopis18 
 General Chair | Hervé Panetto 
 PC Co-Chairs | Henderik A. Proper, Markus Stumptner, and Samir Tata 
 Keynote Speakers | Martin Hepp, Pieter De Leenheer, Richard Mark Soley, and Tom Raftery 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-02610-3 

 Location | Rhodes, Greece 
 Website | www.otmconferences.org/index.php 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Tharam Dillon, Hervé Panetto, and Ernesto Damiani 
 PC Co-Chairs | Mike Papazoglou, Walid Gaaloul, and Liang Zhang 
 Keynote Speakers | Markus Lanthaler, Michael Brodie, Ronald Stamper, and Stephen Mellor 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-69462-7 

 Location | Rhodes, Greece 
 Website | www.otmconferences.org/index.php 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Tharam Dillon, Hervé Panetto, and Ernesto Damiani 
 PC Co-Chairs | Eva Kühn, Frank Leymann, and Willem-Jan van den Heuve 
 Keynote Speakers | Sotiris Ioannidis, François Vernadat, Giancarlo Fortino, and Patrick McLaughlin 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-48472-3 

 Location | Rhodes, Greece 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Tharam Dillon, Hervé Panetto, Ernesto Damiani, and Ioana Ciuciu 
 PC Co-Chairs | Georg Weichhart, Heiko Ludwig, and Michael Rosemann 
 Keynote Speakers | Michele Bezzi, Eva Kühn, John Mylopoulos, and Sjir Nijssen 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-26148-5 

 Location | Amantea, Italy 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Hervé Panetto, and Tharam Dillon 
 PC Co-Chairs | Michele Missikoff, Lin Liu, and Oscar Pastor 
 Keynote Speakers | Domenico Saccà, Ernesto Damiani, Henk Sol, and Johann Eder 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-662-45563-0 

 Location | Graz, Austria 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Hervé Panetto, Tharam Dillon, and Yan Tang 
 PC Co-Chairs | Johann Eder, Zohra Bellahsene, and Rania Y. Khalaf 
 Keynote Speakers | Richard Mark Soley, Manfred Hauswirth, Herbert Zimmerman, and Ainhoa Uriarte 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-41030-7 

 Location | Rome, Italy 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Hervé Panetto, Tharam Dillon, and Pilar Herrero 
 PC Co-Chairs | Stefanie Rinderle-Ma, Peter Dadam, and Xiaofang Zhou 
 Keynote Speakers | Ed Parsons, Maurizio Lenzerini, Volkmar Lotz, Manfred Reichert, and Guido Vetere 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-33606-5 

 Location | Hersonssisos, Crete, Greece 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Tharam Dillon, and Pilar Herrero 
 PC Co-Chairs | Manfred Reichert, Akhil Kumar, and Qing Li 
 Keynote Speakers | Amit Sheth, Schahram Dustdar, Siani Pearson, and Niky Riga 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-25109-2 

 Location | Hersonssisos, Crete, Greece 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Tharam Dillon, and Pilar Herrero 
 PC Co-Chairs | Hervé Panetto, Jorge Cardoso, and M. Brian Blake 
 Keynote Speakers | Beng Chin Ooi, Michael Brodie, and Wil van der Aalst 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-16934-2 

 Location | Vilamoura, Portugal 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Tharam Dillon, and Pilar Herrero 
 PC Co-Chairs | Ted Goranson, Hai Zhuge, and Moira C. Norrie 
 Keynote Speakers | Wolfgang Prinz, Santosh Shrivastava, Kai Hwang, and Alejandro Buchmann 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-05148-7 

 Location | Monterrey, Mexico 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, and Zahir Tari 
 PC Co-Chairs | Johann Eder, Masaru Kitsuregawa, and Ling Liu 
 Keynote Speakers | Cristina Martinez Gonzalez, Daniel E. Atkins, and Hector Garcia-Molina 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-88871-0 

 Location | Vilamoura, Portugal 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, and Zahir Tari 
 PC Co-Chairs | Francisco Curbera, Frank Leymann, and Mathias Weske 
 Keynote Speakers | Donald F. Ferguson, Mark Little, and York Sure 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-76848-7 

 Location | Montpellier, France 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, and Zahir Tari 
 PC Co-Chairs | Mike Papazoglou, Louiqa Raschid, and Rainer Ruggaber 
 Keynote Speakers | Frank Leymann, M.-C. Rousset, Daniel S. Katz, Stefano Bertolo, and Alois Ferscha 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/11914853 

 Location | Agia Napa, Cyprus 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, and Zahir Tari 
 PC Co-Chairs | Mohand-Said Hacid, John Mylopoulos, and Barbara Pernici 
 Keynote Speakers | Octavian Udrea, Erich Neuhold, and Stefano Ceri 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/11575771 

 Location | Agia Napa, Cyprus 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, and Zahir Tari 
 PC Co-Chairs | Wil van der Aalst, Christoph Bussler, and Avigdor Gal 
 Keynote Speakers | Roberto Cencioni, Umesh Dayal, Hans Gellersen, and Nicola Guarino 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/b102173 

 Location | Catania, Italy 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Zahir Tari, and Douglas Schmidt 
 PC Co-Chairs | Elisa Bertino and Dennis McLeod 
 Keynote Speakers | John Mylopoulos, Carole Goble, Katia P. Sycara, and Richard Soley 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/b94348 

 Location | Irvine, CA, USA 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman, Zahir Tari, and Michael Papazoglou 
 PC Co-Chairs | Stefano Spaccapietra and Calton Pu 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/3-540-36124-3 

 Location | Trento, Italy 
 General Chair | Fausto Giunchiglia 
 PC Co-Chairs | Carlo Batini 
 Keynote Speakers | Philip A. Bernstein, Edward E. Cobb, and Maurizio Lenzerini 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/3-540-44751-2 

 Location | Eilat, Israel 
 General Chair | Avigdor Gal and Michele Missikoff 
 PC Co-Chairs | Opher Etzion and Peter Scheuermann 
 Invited Talks | Calton Pu and Sheizaf Rafaeli 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1007/10722620 

 Location | Edinburgh, Scotland 
 General Chair | Michael P.Papazoglou 
 PC Co-Chairs | Umeshwar Dayal and Maurizio Lenzerini 
 Invited talks | Nick Jennings and Stefano Ceri 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1109/COOPIS.1999 

 Location | New York City, New York, USA 
 General Chair | James Geller and Frederick H. Lochovsky 
 PC Co-Chairs | John Mylopoulos, Arne Sslvberg, and Kyu-Young Whang 
 Invited Talks | Jennifer Widom and Avi Silberschatz 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1109/COOPIS.1998 

 Location | Kiawah Island, South Carolina, USA 
 General Chair | Michael N. Huhns 
 PC Co-Chairs | Arbee L.P. Chen, Wolfgang Klas, and Munindar P. Singh 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1109/COOPIS.1997 

 Location | Brussels, Belgium 
 General Chair | Robert Meersman and Amit Sheth 
 PC Co-Chairs | Ahmed K. Elmagarmid and Erich Neuhold 
 Proceedings | https://doi.org/10.1109/COOPIS.1996 

 Location | Vienna, Austria 
 Conference Co-Chairs | Steve Laufmann, Stefano Spaccapietra, and Toshio Yokoi 
 Keynote Speaker | Clarence A. Ellis 
 DBLP entry | https://dblp.org/db/conf/coopis/coopis95.html 

 Location | Toronto, Canada 
 Conference Co-Chairs | Michael L. Brodie, Matthias Jarke, and Mike P. Papazoglou 
 DBLP entry | https://dblp.org/db/conf/coopis/coopis94.html 

 Location | Rotterdam, Netherlands 
 Conference Co-Chairs | M. Huhns, M.P. Papazoglou, and G. Schlageter 
 Proceedings | https://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/ICICIS.1993.291776 

 Steering Committee  
    
 Full professor, University of Lorraine, CRAN, France.  

 Hervé Panetto (Chair)  

 Full professor, Dublin City University, Ireland.  

 Boualem Benatallah (Chair)  

 Full professor, IP Paris - Télécom SudParis, SAMOVAR France.  

 Walid Gaaloul  

 Full professor, Institute of Data Science & L3S, Leibniz University Hannover, Germany.  

 Maria-Esther Vidal  

 Full professor, Utrecht University, The Netherlands.  

 Hajo A. Reijers  

 Full professor, Macquarie University, Australia.  

 Michael Sheng  

 Supported by  

 Designed with  by Xiaoying Riley  for developers  .

56. CoopIS_1 conference:
Conference | About  Submission  Dates  Demo track  Camera Ready Instructions  Registration  Organization 
  Accepted papers | Main Conference  Demo Track  Awards 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Program | Technical Program  Proceedings 
  Sponsoring 
  Venue | About Groningen  How to Get to Groningen 
  Partners 

 CoopIS 2023   

   October 30 - November 3, 2023  
   Groningen, The Netherlands   
 International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems    
   
 Collocated with   EDOC 2023     

 [August 21, 2023] Registration information added    
 [October 31, 2023] CoopIS Opening    
 [October 31, 2022] Best paper candidates announcement    
 [November 1, 2023] Best Paper Awards    

 About CoopIS 2023  
 Cooperative Information Systems (CIS) facilitate the cooperation between individuals, organisations, smart devices, and systems of systems, by providing flexible, scalable and intelligent services to enterprises, public institutions and user communities. As a result, people and smart devices can interact, share information and work together across physical barriers. The domain of CIS integrates research results from different related computing areas, such as: distributed systems, coordination technologies, collaborative decision making, enterprise architecture, business process management and conceptual modelling.  
   
  In recent years, several innovative technologies have emerged: Cloud Computing, Service Oriented Computing, the Internet of Things, Linked Open Data, Semantic Systems, Collective Awareness Platforms, Block Chain, Processes as a Service, etc, that enable the next generation of CISs.  
   
  In developing the next generation CISs, research is needed towards (1) the applicability and use of the above mentioned innovative technologies, (2) approaches to develop CISs in particular catering towards the multitude of stakeholders involved in the development of socio-cyber-physical systems, and (3) associated modelling techniques to express and analyse the different aspects of these systems in cohesion.  
   
  The CoopIS conference series is an established international event for presenting and discussing scientific contributions about technical, economical, and societal aspects of distributed information systems at scale.  
   
  This 29th edition will be hosted by the Bernoulli Institute  for Mathematics, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence of the University of Groningen, in Groningen, the Netherlands. More information are available in the Venue section  .It will be collocated with EDOC 2023  and its guiding theme is "Human-centric Information Systems", with a particular focus on the following areas: (click on the topic for details)   
   
  Topic 1: Knowledge Graphs, Data, Information, and Knowledge Engineering | Semantic Data Integration 
  Ontology Learning and Engineering 
  Ontology and Schema Matching 
  Knowledge Graph Creation Techniques 
  Evolution and Maintenance of Knowledge Graphs 
  Quality Assessment over Knowledge Graphs 
  Topic 2: Inductive Learning, Machine-Learning and Knowledge Discovery | Neuro-Symbolic Systems over Knowledge Graphs 
  Rule and Data Mining 
  Knowledge Graph Embeddings 
  Entity Recognition and Linking 
  Semantic Annotation 
  Topic 3: Process Analytics and Technology | Performance Measurment 
  Trace Encoding 
  Process Discovery 
  Conformance Analysis 
  Process Improvement 
  IT for work innovation 
  Robotic Process Automation 
  Topic 4: Semantic Interoperability and Open Standards | Vocabularies for the Semantic Web 
  Formalisms and Syntaxes 
  Querying Graph Data and Query Languages 
  Inference and Reasoning 
  Open Data Architectures and Ecosystems 
  Topic 5: Human-centric Security and Privacy in Information Systems | Access Control 
  Data Proteciton and Privacy 
  Blockchain-based Approaches 
  Cryptocurrencies 
  Information Entropy 
  Certified Distributed Access and Management 
  Privacy over Knowledge Graphs 
  Topic 6: Internet of Things and Digital Twins | Connectivity, Interfaces, and Protocols 
  Data Structures for IoT and Digital Twins 
  Storage and Data Management 
  Computing and Processing in IoT Environments 
  Sensors and Actuators 
  Topic 7: Architecture and Management of Information Systems | Information Architecture 
  Enterprise Architecture Management 
  Software Design 
  Digital Transformation 
  Monitoring Tools And Techniques 
  Topic 8: Human Aspects and Social Interaction in Information Systems | Economics of Cooperative Information Systems 
  Visualization 
  Human-Computer Interaction 
  Incentives and User Contributions 
  Reputation Management 
  Topic 9: Services and Cloud in Information Systems | Web Services, APIs 
  Services Science, Engineering, Management 
  Microservice-oriented architecture (MOA), Service Mesh 
  Cloud service management, Cloud workflow management 
  Cloud and fog computing, Edge service orchestration 
  Topic 10: Applications of Human-centric Information Systems in a Digital World | Applications of Knowledge Graphs (e.g., healthcare, industry 4.0, science, energy) 
  Human-centric Information Systems (e.g., healthcare, industry 4.0, science, energy) 
  Ontologies in the Digital World 

 Submission Guidelines  
 Authors are invited to submit original, unpublished research papers that are not under review for any other conference, workshop, or journal. Papers must be written in English. The contributions should address research questions that relate to one of the topics listed above.  
 We particularly encourage:  
 Contributions that introduce and evaluate technological innovations (e.g. new techniques, tools, methods or software). 
  Empirical studies (e.g. quantitative data on the effects of novel approaches in technical, social, or economical terms). 
  Systematic surveys of emerging technologies and competing paradigms. 
  The questions addressed should both be practically relevant and appealing to the general IS field. Full papers should include a systematic evaluation of the contribution and relate this contribution to related scientific work. Short papers may present work supported by preliminary evidence only.  
 Submitted papers will be peer-reviewed by at least 3 reviewers. Papers are evaluated in terms of originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity.  
 Submissions for full papers must not exceed 18 pages (including main contents and references) in the final camera-ready paper style. Short papers can cover up to 8 pages (including main contents and references). Submissions must be laid out according to the final camera-ready formatting instructions and must be submitted in PDF format.  
 Each accepted paper must have one of its authors registered to the conference before the camera-ready deadline. The conference organizers reserve the right of removing a paper from the proceedings if no author is officially registered by the camera-ready deadline. Moreover, only papers that have been presented by their authors during the conference will be published in the conference proceedings.  
 The final proceedings will be published by Springer Verlag in their Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS). Author instructions can be found at:  
  https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines   
 It is mandatory to submit manuscripts in electronic form (in PDF format). Papers should be submitted at  
   
 EasyChair Submission System    

 Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)  
 Abstract submission | (Extended) | : | June 21, 2023 | July 8, 2023 
  Full paper submission | (Extended) | : | July 1, 2023 | July 15, 2023 
  Full paper notification: | August 7, 2023 | August 15, 2023 
  Camera ready due: September 3, 2023 
  Author registration due: September 3, 2023 

 Demo Track  
 We welcome demo paper submissions for the CoopIS 2023 Demo Track, which will be a part of the larger conference and will focus on showcasing innovative tools, services, and applications related to the conference's guiding theme of "Human-centric Information Systems". Topics related to this area, but not limited to, include:  
 Information Engineering and Knowledge Discovery | , which focuses on the technical aspects of information systems and the tools and techniques used to process data and information: | Knowledge Graphs, Data, Information, and Knowledge Engineering 
  Inductive Learning, Machine-Learning and Knowledge Discovery 
  Process Analytics and Technology 
  Information Systems and Human-Centered Design | , which focuses on the practical applications of information systems and how they can be designed to better meet the needs of human users: | Semantic Interoperability and Open Standards 
  Human-centric Security and Privacy in Information Systems 
  Internet of Things and Digital Twins 
  Architecture and Management of Information Systems 
  Human Aspects and Social Interaction in Information Systems 
  Services and Cloud in Information Systems 
  Applications of Human-centric Information Systems in a Digital World 
   
 More details about the topics can be found above.   
 We encourage authors to submit demo papers that showcase the practical application of research papers submitted to the conference, as well as innovative tools and applications originating from research initiatives or industry. Previously demonstrated tools are also welcome if they have added significant value, such as new features, adaptations, or new practical applications.  
 To assess the maturity and robustness of the tool, reviewers need access to the tool for testing. If the tool requires a license, it should be provided to reviewers, at least for the review period. The procedure to obtain the license must not disclose the identity of the reviewers.  
 Submission  
 Please submit a 5-page (1 column format)  extended abstract in PDF format, following the CEUR-ART formatting guidelines  . The extended abstract must contain the following information:  
 Title, authors, and affiliations; 
  An abstract not exceeding 100 words; 
  The relevance of the tool to the field; 
  The main features and innovations of the tool, along with its maturity level; 
  A link to a webpage where the tool can be downloaded or used; 
  A video demonstrating the tool through screen recording, preferably with voiceover, not exceeding 4 minutes in length. 
   
 Demo abstracts should be submitted through the EasyChair Submission System  , selecting "Demo papers".   
 All demo submissions will be reviewed by the demo reviewing committee, who will also vote on the best demo to be granted the “coopIS 2023 Best Demo Award”.   
 Accepted papers will be submitted for publication to CEUR  (indexed by DBLP and SCOPUS).  
 Important Dates (Anywhere on Earth)  
 Demo submission: | September 8, 2023 
  Notification of acceptance: | October 2, 2023 
  Camera ready due: | October 9, 2023 
  Demo Chairs  
 Nour Assy | , Bonitasoft, France. 
  Felix Mannhardt | , Eindhoven University of Technology, the Netherlands. 
  Program Committee   
 Abel Armas Cervantes, The University of Melbourne, Australia 
  Uwe Breitenbücher, Reutlingen University, Germany 
  Marco Comuzzi, Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology, Republic of Korea 
  Johannes De Smedt, KU Leuven, Belguim 
  Claudio Di Ciccio, Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
  José González Enríquez, University of Seville, Spain 
  Georg Grossmann, University of South Australia, Australia 
  Maria Teresa Gómez López , University of Seville, Spain 
  Andrés Jiménez Ramírez, University of Seville, Spain 
  Maria Leitner, University of Vienna, Austria 
  Henrik Leopold, Kühne Logistics University, Germany 
  Francesco Leotta, Sapienza Università di Roma, Italy 
  Samira Maghool, University of Milan, Italy 
  Amel Mammar, Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, France 
  Rabia Maqsood, FAST - NUCES, Faisalabad Campus, Pakistan 
  Raimundas Matulevicius, University of Tartu, Estonia 
  Philippe Merle, Inria Lille - Nord Europe, France 
  Alex Norta, Blockchain Technology Group, Tallinn University of Technology, Estonia 
  Hajo A. Reijers, Utrecht University, Netherlands 
  Manuel Resinas, University of Seville, Spain 
  Flavia Santoro, Rio de Janeiro State University, Brazil 
  Jacopo Soldani, University of Pisa, Italy 
  Karolin Winter, Technical University of Munich, Germany 
  Moe Thandar Wynn, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 

 Camera Ready Instructions  
 Authors of accepted papers must submit a zip file that includes:  
   
 The final source files, incl. bib files, images, etc. (no older source files) or a Microsoft Word file. 
  A final PDF file corresponding exactly to the final source files. 
  A license-to-publish agreement, signed by hand by the corresponding author on behalf of all of the authors of the paper. 
  A suggestion for an abbreviated running head, if appropriate. 
  Information about correct representation of authors’ names, where necessary. 
  Detailed instructions can be found here   
 As mentioned also in the above pdf file, the licence and the templates can be found at https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  .  
 When filling the licence form, please use the following information:  
 Title of the Proceedings: Proceedings of the International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS) 2023 
  Volume Editor(s) Name(s): Mohamed Sellami, Maria-Esther Vidal, Boudewijn van Dongen, Walid Gaaloul, and Hervé Panetto 

 Organization  
 General Chairs  
 Hervé Panetto | , Université de Lorraine, CNRS, CRAN, TELECOM Nancy, France. 
  Walid Gaaloul | , Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, SAMOVAR, France. 
  Program Chairs  
 Maria-Esther Vidal | , University of Hannover, Germany 
  Boudewijn van Dongen | , Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands 
  Proceedings Chair  
 Mohamed Sellami | , Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, SAMOVAR, France. 
  Demo Track Chairs  
 Nour Assy | , Bonitasoft, France. 
  Felix Mannhardt | , Eindhoven University of Technology, the Netherlands. 
  Publicity Chairs  
 Slim Kallel, University of Sfax, Redcad, Tunisia 
  Gabriela Ydler, Leibniz University Hannover and Technische Informationsbibliothek (TIB), Germany 
  Zhangbing Zhou, School of Information Engineering, China University of Geosciences, P.R. China. 
  Local Organization Committee  
 Ineke Schelhaas, University of Groningen, The Netherlands 
  Dimka Karastoyanova, University of Groningen, The Netherlands 
  Mirela Riveni, University of Groningen, The Netherlands 
  Fadi Mohsen, University of Groningen, The Netherlands 
  Program Committee   
 Joao Paulo Almeida, Federal University of Espirito Santo, Brazil 
  Abel Armas Cervantes, The University of Melbourne, Australia 
  Nour Assy, Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, France 
  Ahmed Awad, University of Tartu, Estonia 
  Banu Aysolmaz, TU Eindhoven, Industrial Engineering and Innovation Sciences Department, Netherlands 
  Eduard Babkin, TAPRADESS Laboratory, State University, Russia 
  Sylvio Barbon Junior, University of Trieste, Italy 
  Ingmar Baumgart, Karlsruhe Institut of Technology (KIT), Germany 
  Salima Benbernou, Université Paris Descartes, France 
  Mario Luca Bernardi, University of Sannio, Italy 
  Uwe Breitenbücher, Reutlingen University, Germany 
  Carlos Buil Aranda, Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María, Chili 
  Cristina Cabanillas, University of Seville, Spain 
  Paolo Ceravolo, University of Milan, Italy 
  David Chaves-Fraga, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Spain 
  Richard Chbeir, Univ. Pau & Pays Adour, UPPA/E2S, LIUPPA Anglet, France 
  Saoussen Cheikhrouhou, University of Sfax, Tunisia 
  Diego Collarana, Fraunhofer FIT, Germany 
  Carlo Combi, Universita' degli Studi di Verona, Italy 
  Marco Comuzzi, Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology, Republic of Korea 
  Silvia Inês Dallavalle de Pádua, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil 
  Johannes De Smedt, KU Leuven, Belguim 
  Adela Del Río Ortega, University of Seville, Spain 
  Claudio Di Ciccio, Sapienza University of Rome, Italy 
  Chiara Di Francescomarino, Fondazione Bruno Kessler-IRST, Italy 
  Rik Eshuis, TU Eindhoven, Netherlands 
  Marcelo Fantinato, University of São Paulo, Brazil 
  Luciano García-Bañuelos, Tecnológico de Monterrey, Mexico 
  José González Enríquez, University of Seville, Spain 
  Irlan Grangel-Gonzalez, Bosch Corporate Research, Germany 
  Daniela Grigori, Laboratoire LAMSADE, University Paris-Dauphine, France 
  Georg Grossmann, University of South Australia, Australia 
  Maria Teresa Gómez López , University of Seville, Spain 
  Önder Gürcan, NORCE Norwegian Research Center AS, Norway 
  Mohand-Saïd Hacid, Université Lyon 1, France 
  Lazhar Hamel, ISIM Monastir, Tunisia 
  Anett Hoppe, TIB Leibniz Information Centre for Science and Technology; L3S Research Centre, Leibniz Universität Hannover, Germany 
  Stijn Hoppenbrouwers, HAN University of Applied Sciences, Netherlands 
  Stefan Jablonski, University of Bayreuth, Libanon 
  Andrés Jiménez Ramírez, University of Seville, Spain 
  Slim Kallel, University of Sfax, Tunisia 
  Dimka Karastoyanova, University of Groningen, Netherlands 
  Dimitrios Katsaros, Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering, University of Thessaly, Greece 
  Kais Klai, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, Paris, France 
  Matthias Klusch, DFKI, Germany 
  Maria Leitner, University of Vienna, Austria 
  Henrik Leopold, Kühne Logistics University, Germany 
  Francesco Leotta, Sapienza Università di Roma, Italy 
  Mario Lezoche, University of Lorraine, France 
  Jiangang Ma, Federation University, Australia 
  Samira Maghool, University of Milan, Italy 
  Amel Mammar, Institut Polytechnique de Paris - Télécom SudParis, France 
  Felix Mannhardt, Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands 
  Rabia Maqsood, FAST - NUCES, Faisalabad Campus, Pakistan 
  Raimundas Matulevicius, University of Tartu, Estonia 
  Philippe Merle, Inria Lille - Nord Europe, France 
  Nizar Messai, Université François Rabelais Tours, France 
  Sellami Mokhtar, Liris UCBL, France 
  Alex Norta, Blockchain Technology Group, Tallinn University of Technology, Estonia 
  Selmin Nurcan, Université Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne, France 
  Hajo A. Reijers, Utrecht University, Netherlands 
  Manuel Resinas, University of Seville, Spain 
  Sonja Ristic, University of Novi Sad, Faculty of Technical Sciences, Serbie 
  Michael Rosemann, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Flavia Santoro, Rio de Janeiro State University, Brazil 
  Fatiha Saïs, Paris Saclay University, France 
  Michael Sheng, Macquarie University, Australia 
  Pnina Soffer, University of Haifa, Israel 
  Jacopo Soldani, University of Pisa, Italy 
  Nick van Beest, CSIRO, Australia 
  Han van der Aa, University of Mannheim, Germany 
  Sebastiaan van Zelst, Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Information Technology / RWTH Aachen University, Germany 
  Georg Weichhart, PROFACTOR GmbH, Austria 
  Karolin Winter, Technical University of Munich, Germany 
  Guido Wirtz, University of Bamberg, Germany 
  Moe Thandar Wynn, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Jian Yu, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand 
  Zhangbing Zhou, China University of Geosciences, P.Rchina 
    
 Contact  
 Email | : | secr at coopisconference dot org 

 Registration  

  CoopIS/EDOC Registration Fees  
 Full Conference  registration gives access to all week's activities, including CoopIS, EDOC, workshops, demos, doctoral consortium, keynotes, panels, tutorial, the conference reception and the conference dinner.  
  Registration early-bird fee: EUR 600,00   
  Registration late fee (after September 11, 2023): EUR 650,00   
 CoopIS 2023 employs a mutually utilized financial service in conjunction with the EDOC conference.  
 Please use the below registration link.  

 Register here    
   
 CoopIS Authors  
 Each accepted paper must be associated with one registration of an author to the conference. Each author registration can only be associated with a single accepted paper. Every author registration must be performed before the deadline, according to the instructions provided by the chairs.  

 Cancellation Policy  
 The registration of participation is binding.  
 If you have to cancel the registration, you get 90% back until 30 days before the start of the event and 50% if you cancel within 15 days prior to the event. After that, no reimbursements will be possible anymore.  
 The participation fees are owed upon registration.  
 Participation is not granted until full payment of the registration fee is received.  
 The conference program is subject to changes.  
 Payments will be refunded if the conference will be canceled by the organizer. In that case, the organizer will have no further liability to the client. Registrations remain valid if the conference has to be postponed.  
 You will receive an order confirmation after the payment.  
 An invoice can be required to declare, via this email address webshop-fssc(at)rug.nl, if desired with the addition of the VAT number of the participant.  

 Accepted Papers  
 Main Conference  
 Regular papers  
 Enhancing Fairness and Accuracy in Machine Learning through Similarity Networks. | Samira Maghool, Elena Casiraghi and Paolo Ceravolo. 
  Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Source. | Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig. 
  AIS – a Metric for assessing the Impact of an Influencer’s Twitter Activity on the Price of a Cryptocurrency. | Kevin Miller and Kristof Böhmer. 
  Managing the Variability of Component Implementations and Their Deployment Configurations Across Heterogeneous Deployment Technologies. | Miles Stötzner, Uwe Breitenbücher, Robin Pesl and Steffen Becker. 
  Adaptive Multi-Agent System for Dynamic Clustering Applied to Itineraries Regularities and Traffic Prediction. | Alexandre Perles, Ha Nhi Ngo, Elsy Kaddoum and Valérie Camps. 
  Double Deep Q-Network-based Time and Energy-efficient Mobility-aware Workflow Migration Approach. | Nour El Houda Boubaker, Karim Zarour, Nawal Guermouche and Djamel Benmerzoug. 
  Decentralized and Autonomous Key Management for Open Multi-Agent Systems of Embedded Agents. | Arthur Baudet, Oum-El-Kheir Aktouf, Annabelle Mercier and Philippe Elbaz-Vincent. 
  An Empirical Study on Socio-technical Modeling for Interdisciplinary Privacy Requirements. | Claudia Negri-Ribalta, Rene Noel, Oscar Pastor and Camille Salinesi. 
  Enhancing Workflow Security in Multi-Cloud Environments through Monitoring and Adaptation upon Cloud Service and Network Security Violations. | Nafiseh Soveizi and Dimka KarastoyanovaNafiseh Soveizi and Dimka Karastoyanova. 
  Beyond Rule-based Named Entity Recognition and Relation Extraction for Process Model Generation from Natural Language Text. | Julian Neuberger, Lars Ackermann and Stefan Jablonski. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation. | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 
  On the Semantic Transparency of Declarative Process Models: The Case of Constraints. | Dung My Thi Trinh, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi and Hugo A. López. 
  Discovering Guard Stage Milestone models through hierarchical clustering. | Leyla Moctar M'Baba, Mohamed Sellami, Nour Assy, Walid Gaaloul and Mohamedade Farouk Nanne. 
  Discovery of Workflow Patterns - A Comparison of Process Discovery Algorithm. | Kerstin Andree, Mai Hoang, Felix Dannenberg, Ingo Weber and Luise Pufahl. 
  From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action?. | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  Rectify Sensor Data in IoT: A Case Study on Enabling Process Mining for Logistic Process in an Air Cargo Terminal. | Chiao-Yun Li, Aparna Joshi, Nicholas Tam, Sean Lau, Jinhui Huang, Tejaswini Shinde and Wil van der Aalst. 
  Using Process Mining for Face Validity Assessment in Agent-based Simulation Models: An Exploratory Case Study. | Rob Bemthuis, Ruben Govers and Sanja Lazarova-Molnar. 
  Towards Scaling External Feedback for Early-Stage Researchers: A survey study. | Yuchao Jiang, Marcos Baez and Boualem Benatallah. 
  Social Network Mining from Natural Language Text and Event Logs for Compliance Deviation Detection. | Henryk Mustroph, Karolin Winter and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma. 
  Learning Hierarchical Robot Skills Represented by Behavior Trees from Natural Language. | Kaiyi Wang, Yongjia Zhao, Shuling Dai, Minghao Yang, Yichen He and Ning Zhang. 
  Relating Context and Self Awareness in the Internet of Things. | David Arnaiz, Marc Vila, Eduard Alarcón, Francesc Moll, Maria-Ribera Sancho and Ernest Teniente. 
  Work in Progress (WIP) Papers  
 BAnDIT: Business Process Anomaly Detection in Transactions. | Nico Alexander Rudolf, Kristof Böhmer and Maria Leitner. 
  Resource-Driven Process Manipulation: Modeling Concepts and Valid Allocations. | Felix Schumann and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma. 
  Graph Collaborative Filtering and Data Augmentation Strategies in Dual-Target CDR. | Xiaowen Shao, Baisong Liu, Xueyuan Zhang, Junru Li, Ercong Xu and Shiqi Wu. 
  Clustering Raw Sensor Data in Process Logs to Detect Data Streams. | Matthias Ehrendorfer, Juergen Mangler and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma. 
  Comparing the Performance of GPT-3 with BERT for Decision Requirements Modeling. | Alexandre Goossens, Johannes De Smedt and Jan Vanthienen. 
  A Requirements Study on Model Repositories for Digital Twins in Construction Engineering. | Philipp Zech, Georg Fröch and Ruth Breu. 
  Joint Dynamic Resource Allocation and Trajectory Optimization for UAV-Assisted Mobile Edge Computing in Internet of Vehicles. | Runji Li and Haifeng Sun. 
  Towards an Improved Unsupervised Graph-based MRI Brain Segmentation Method. | Maria Popa and Anca Andreica. 
  User-friendly exploration of highly heterogeneous data lakes. | Nelly Barret, Simon Ebel, Théo Galizzi, Ioana Manolescu and Madhulika Mohanty. 
  Optimizing hospital patient flow by predicting aftercare requests from fuzzy time series. | Renata Medeiros de Carvalho, Stef van der Sommen and Danilo Ferreira de Carvalho. 
  Demo Track  
 TRADEmark - Using Location Data for Mobile Distributed Processes in BPM. | Leo Poss, Richard Jasinski, Michael Market and Stefan Schönig. 
  OptiClust4Rec: Unsupervised data-driven methodology for Quality of Life recommendations during a medical therapy. | Juba Agoun, Yanis Bouallouche and Mohand-Saïd Hacid. 
  A Scikit-learn Extension Dedicated to Process Mining Purposes. | Rafael Oyamada, Gabriel Tavares, Sylvio Barbon Junior and Paolo Ceravolo. 
  A Web Application to Demonstrate the Properties of Label Propagation Algorithms. | Paolo Ceravolo, Samira Maghool and Andrei Georgiani Talpalaru. 
  An Open-Source Modeling Editor for Declarative Process Models. | Lucien Kiven Tamo, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi, Dung My Thi Trinh and Hugo A. López. 
  Enabling Privacy-Preserving Data Aggregation in Networks of Personal Data Management Systems. | Julien Mirval, Iulian Sandu Popa, Luc Bouganim and Paul Tran-Van. 
  Using Variability4TOSCA and OpenTOSCA Vintner for Holistically Managing Deployment Variability. | Miles Stötzner, Uwe Breitenbücher, Robin D. Pesl and Steffen Becker. 
  Deep Dive Survey Miner. | Marwa Elleuch, Oumaima Alaoui Ismaili and Philippe Legay. 
  Awards  
 Best Paper Award  
 Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig | from the Linköping University received the Best Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. 
  Best Demo Paper Award  
 Lucien Kiven Tamo, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi, Dung My Thi Trinh and Hugo A. López | received the Best Demo Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | An Open-Source Modeling Editor for Declarative Process Models. | Best Paper Runner-up Award | Two best paper runner-ups: 
  From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 

 Keynote Speakers  
  
  CoopIS keynote  
   Boualem Benatallah  
 Full professor, Dublin City University  , Ireland   
   
 Read more →    

 CoopIS keynote  
   Fabio Casati  
 Principal Machine Learning Architect, ServiceNow    
   
 Read more →    

 EDOC keynote  
   Coral Calero Muñoz  
 Professor at the University of Castilla-La Mancha, Spain   
   
 Read more →    

 EDOC keynote  
   Janina Bauer  
 Head of Sustainability at Celonis   
   
 Read more →    

 EDOC keynote  
   Jerker Delsing  
 Professor at the Luleå University of Technology, Sweden   
   
 Read more →    

 Technical Program  
 Download CoopIS2023 Program    

  Time  : Groningen, Netherlands Local Time  
 Please note that CoopIS 2023 is collocated with EDOC 2023 and full registration give access to all week's activities of both conferences. EDOC 2023 program is available at: EDOC     
 Monday  October 30 2023 
  Tuesday  October 31 2023 
  Wednesday  November 1 2023 
  Thursday  November 2 2023 
  Friday  November 3 2023 
   
 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-10:30 | EDOC workshop sessions 
 10:30-11:00 | Coffee Break 
 11:00-12:30 | EDOC workshop sessions 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-15:00 | EDOC workshop sessions 
 15:00-15:30 | Coffee Break 
 15:30-17:00 | EDOC workshop sessions 

 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-09:30 | CoopIS and EDOC Welcome (BB 105) 
 09:30-10:30 | CoopIS Keynote - Fabio Casati (BB 105) 
 10:30-11:00 | Coffee Break 
 11:00-12:30 | CoopIS session 1   - Knowledge Engineering (BB 105) - Session Chair: Maria-Esther Vidal 
 11:00  Enhancing Fairness and Accuracy in Machine Learning through Similarity Networks. Samira Maghool, Elena Casiraghi and Paolo Ceravolo 
 11:30  Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig 
 12:00  AIS – a Metric for assessing the Impact of an Influencer’s Twitter Activity on the Price of a Cryptocurrency. Kevin Miller and Kristof Böhmer 
 EDOC Tutorial (BB 041b) 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-15:00 | CoopIS session 2   - Deployment and Migration in CISs (BB 105) - Session Chair: Maria-Esther Vidal 
 13:30  - Managing the Variability of Component Implementations and Their Deployment Configurations Across Heterogeneous Deployment Technologies. Miles Stötzner, Uwe Breitenbücher, Robin Pesl and Steffen Becker 
 14:00  - Adaptive Multi-Agent System for Dynamic Clustering Applied to Itineraries Regularities and Traffic Prediction. Alexandre Perles, Ha Nhi Ngo, Elsy Kaddoum and Valérie Camps 
 14:30  - Double Deep Q-Network-based Time and Energy-efficient Mobility-aware Workflow Migration Approach. Nour El Houda Boubaker, Karim Zarour, Nawal Guermouche and Djamel Benmerzoug 
 EDOC Tutorial (BB 041b) 
 15:00-15:30 | Coffee Break 
 15:30-17:00 | EDOC session 1 (BB 105) 
 CoopIS and EDOC demo session (BB 041b) 
 Reception 

 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-10:00 | CoopIS Keynote - Coral Calero (BB 105) 
 10:00-10:30 | Coffee Break 
 10:30-12:30 | CoopIS session 3   Process Modeling and Analytics 1 (BB 253) - Session Chair: Mohamed Sellami 
 10:30  - Beyond Rule-based Named Entity Recognition and Relation Extraction for Process Model Generation from Natural Language Text. Julian Neuberger, Lars Ackermann and Stefan Jablonski 
 11:00  - LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation. Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 
 11:30  - On the Semantic Transparency of Declarative Process Models: The Case of Constraints. Dung My Thi Trinh, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi and Hugo A. López 
 12:00  - Discovering Guard Stage Milestone models through hierarchical clustering. Leyla Moctar M’Baba, Mohamed Sellami, Nour Assy, Walid Gaaloul and Mohamedade Farouk Nanne 
 EDOC Session 2 (BB 105) 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-14:30 | CoopIS Keynote - Boualem Benatallah (BB 105) 
 14:30-15:00 | Coffee Break 
 15:00-17:00 | CoopIS session 4   Process Modeling and Analytics 2 (BB 253) - Session Chair: Walid Gaaloul 
 15:00  - Discovery of Workflow Patterns - A Comparison of Process Discovery Algorithm. Kerstin Andree, Mai Hoang, Felix Dannenberg, Ingo Weber and Luise Pufahl 
 15:30  - From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers 
 16:00  - Rectify Sensor Data in IoT: A Case Study on Enabling Process Mining for Logistic Process in an Air Cargo Terminal. Chiao-Yun Li, Aparna Joshi, Nicholas Tam, Sean Lau, Jinhui Huang, Tejaswini Shinde and Wil van der Aalst 
 16:30  - Using Process Mining for Face Validity Assessment in Agent-based Simulation Models: An Exploratory Case Study. Rob Bemthuis, Ruben Govers and Sanja Lazarova-Molnar 
 EDOC Session 3 (BB 105) 
 19:00-22:00 | Conference Dinner  

 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-10:00 | EDOC Keynote - Janina Bauer (BB 105) 
 10:00-10:30 | Coffee Break 
 10:30-12:30 | CoopIS session 5   Human Aspects and Social Interaction in CISs (BB 253) - Session Chair: Hervé Panetto 
 10:30  - Towards Scaling External Feedback for Early-Stage Researchers: A survey study. Yuchao Jiang, Marcos Baez and Boualem Benatallah 
 11:00  - Learning Hierarchical Robot Skills Represented by Behavior Trees from Natural Language. Kaiyi Wang, Yongjia Zhao, Shuling Dai, Minghao Yang, Yichen He and Ning Zhang 
 11:30  - Relating Context and Self Awareness in the Internet of Things. David Arnaiz, Marc Vila, Eduard Alarcón, Francesc Moll, Maria-Ribera Sancho and Ernest Teniente 
 12:00  - Social Network Mining from Natural Language Text and Event Logs for Compliance Deviation Detection. Henryk Mustroph, Karolin Winter and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma 
 EDOC Session 4 (BB 105) 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-15:00 | CoopIS session 6   Security and Privacy in CISs (BB 105) - Session Chair: Philipp Zech 
 13:30  Decentralized and Autonomous Key Management for Open Multi-Agent Systems of Embedded Agents. Arthur Baudet, Oum-El-Kheir Aktouf, Annabelle Mercier and Philippe Elbaz-Vincent 
 14:00  An Empirical Study on Socio-technical Modeling for Interdisciplinary Privacy Requirements. Claudia Negri-Ribalta, Rene Noel, Oscar Pastor and Camille Salinesi 
 14:30  - Enhancing Workflow Security in Multi-Cloud Environments through Monitoring and Adaptation upon Cloud Service and Network Security. Nafiseh Soveizi and Dimka Karastoyanova 
 CoopIS session 7   Work in Progress (WIP) Papers 1 (BB 253) - Session Chair: Renata Carvalho 
 BAnDIT: Business Process Anomaly Detection in Transactions. Nico Alexander Rudolf, Kristof Böhmer and Maria Leitner 
 Resource-Driven Process Manipulation: Modeling Concepts and Valid Allocations. Felix Schumann and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma 
 Graph Collaborative Filtering and Data Augmentation Strategies in Dual-Target CDR. Xiaowen Shao, Baisong Liu, Xueyuan Zhang, Junru Li, Ercong Xu and Shiqi Wu. 
 Clustering Raw Sensor Data in Process Logs to Detect Data Streams. Matthias Ehrendorfer, Juergen Mangler and Stefanie Rinderle-Ma 
 Comparing the Performance of GPT-3 with BERT for Decision Requirements Modeling. Alexandre Goossens, Johannes De Smedt and Jan Vanthienen 
 15:00-15:30 | Coffee Break 
 15:30-17:00 | CoopIS session 8   Work in Progress (WIP) Papers 2 (BB 253) - Session Chair: Claudia Negri-Ribalta 
 A Requirements Study on Model Repositories for Digital Twins in Construction Engineering. Philipp Zech, Georg Fröch and Ruth Breu 
 Joint Dynamic Resource Allocation and Trajectory Optimization for UAV-Assisted Mobile Edge Computing in Internet of Vehicles. Runji Li and Haifeng Sun 
 Towards an Improved Unsupervised Graph-based MRI Brain Segmentation Method. Maria Popa and Anca Andreica 
 User-friendly exploration of highly heterogeneous data lakes. Nelly Barret, Simon Ebel, Théo Galizzi, Ioana Manolescu and Madhulika Mohanty 
 Optimizing hospital patient flow by predicting aftercare requests from fuzzy time series. S Renata Medeiros de Carvalho, Stef van der Sommen and Danilo Ferreira de Carvalho 
 EDOC Panel: Panel: Sustainable Enterprises (BB 105) 
 17:00 | CoopIS Closing session 

 08:30-09:00 | Registration 
 09:00-10:00 | EDOC Keynote - Jerker Desling (BB 105) 
 10:00-10:30 | Coffee Break 
 10:30-12:30 | EDOC session 5 (BB 105) 
 PhD Symposium (EAE 5159.0010) 
 12:30-13:30 | Lunch  
 13:30-15:00 | PhD Symposium (EAE 5159.0010) 
 15:00-15:30 | EDOC Closing session 

 Proceedings  
 CoopIS 2023 Proceedings  

  CoopIS Demonstration Track 2023 Proceedings  

 Sponsoring  
 The joint CoopIS and EDOC conferences provide sponsors with a carefully selected, high-level audience with which to interact. Leading technologists mingle with brand names, world-renowned scientists and key business users from various application markets to provide a unique networking experience. In addition, carefully placed speaker slots and named sessions ensure your brand is showcased in a targeted environment. We offer 3 main sponsorship packages to help you meet a range of visibility and lead generation needs. Please feel free to contact us to discuss these and tailor our standard offering to your specific needs.  
 Our target for these joint events is to have over 150 technology vendors, users and integrators, business leaders, leading developers, researchers, investors and analysts in an on-site attendance. CoopIS' and EDOC' 2023 are the ideal meeting places to learn, share, network, forge new partnerships, find new customers and prepare for the multilingual smart future.  
  
 Contact the sponsorship team for enquiries, questions and bookings. Email: secr at coopisconference dot org  
 Details on the conference sponsoring offers (Prizes excl. 20% VAT) are given below:  
 Download Sponsoring Flyer    
  
 Silver Package €1.500 | Gold Package €2.500 | Platinium Package €4.500 
 Prominent logo placement on the Website |  
 Logo placement in the printed conference program |  
 Display of company logo during plenary speeches |  
 Your leaflet in the attendees box |  
 Mentioning of the sponsors in all social media activities |  
 Two registrations to non-author persons of your choice or one registration for one author at the EDOC+CoopIS forum |  
 Your posters on display at the entrance of the conference location |  
 We cover 2 nights accommodation, you cover your travel costs |  
 Your logo on badges |  
 Promo booth at conference facility |  

 CoopIS 2023 will take place in Groningen, The Netherlands Nethelands (30 October–3 November 2023). It will be hosted at the Bernoulli Institute  at the University of Groningen.  
 About Groningen  
 The city of Groningen is the capital of the province of Groningen, the most north eastern province of the Netherlands. The largest (230000 people) urban center in the area, it is a relatively undiscovered and unspoiled part of the Netherlands that has kept most of its authenticity.  
 Groningen is one of the happiest cities in Europe, and happiest small city in the Netherlands, scoring in the top five European cities for quality of life, education, public domain, health care and air quality. Students comprise an estimated 25% of its total population and makes it the country's demographically youngest city.  
 The city is founded in the third century BC, and was in 1614 the second university city in the Netherlands.  
 Would you like to find out more about Groningen? Please visit the website www.visitgroningen.nl  .  

 How to get to Groningen  
 Information about transportation and accommodation options is available in the EDOC'23 venue section. You can find more details at this link  .  

 Supported by  

 Email  : secr at coopisconference dot org   
 Designed with  by Xiaoying Riley  for developers  . Photo by Rutger van der Maar, CC BY 2.0    
 Details in the registration section.   

 Best paper candidates  
 From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 
  Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. | Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig. 

 Joint Conferences Dinner & Awards Announcement  
 Transportation from NOI to Castel Flavon. | Busses will be available to transport participants from NOI to Castel Flavon. Departures are scheduled for 18:00 and 18:30. Castel Flavon cannot be easily accessed via public transit. 
  Joint Conferences Dinner & Awards Announcement. | Castel Flavon from 19:00 to 21:30. 
  Transportation from Castel Flavon to NOI and to the city center | Busses will be available to transport participants back to the city with stops at NOI and in the city center. Departures are scheduled for at 21:30 and 22:00. Castel Flavon cannot be easily accessed via public transit. 

 Best Paper Award  
 Sijin Cheng, Sebastián Ferrada and Olaf Hartig | from the Linköping University received the Best Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | Considering Vocabulary Mappings in Query Plans for Federations of RDF Data Sources. 
  Best Demo Paper Award  
 Lucien Kiven Tamo, Amine Abbad-Andaloussi, Dung My Thi Trinh and Hugo A. López | received the Best Demo Paper Award at the 29th International Conference on Cooperative Information Systems (CoopIS 2023) for their paper | An Open-Source Modeling Editor for Declarative Process Models. | Best Paper Runner-up Award | Two best paper runner-ups: 
  From Process Mining Insights to Process Improvement: All Talk and No Action? | Vinicius Stein Dani, Henrik Leopold, Jan Martijn van der Werf, Iris Beerepoot and Hajo A. Reijers. 
  LABPMN: Location-Aware Business Process Modeling and Notation | Leo Poss, Lukas Dietz and Stefan Schönig. 

 Stephen Mellor's slides   

 Dan Isaacs's slides   

 ×  Boualem Benatallah  
   
  Boualem Benatallah  
 Full professor, Dublin City University, Ireland    

 Biography:  
 Boualem Benatallah is a full professor of computing at Dublin City University (DCU, Ireland) since Jan 2022. He is a fellow of the IEEE. His main research interests are developing fundamental concepts and techniques in Web services middleware, business process automation, quality control in crowdsourcing and AI-enabled services, automated and crowdsourced training data curation, conversational cognitive services, and context-aware and compositional task-oriented conversational services. He has published more than 300 refereed papers including more than 100 journal papers. Benatallah has been general and PC chair of a number of international conferences. He has been a guest editor of several special issues for reputable international journals. He is a member of the steering committee of ICSOC (Int. Conference on Service Oriented Computing) conferences. He is a member of the editorial board of numerous international journals including ACM Transactions on Web, IEEE Transactions on services computing, and ACM Computing surveys. He supervised over 36 research (including 32 PhD and 5 Masters by Research) students to completion as principal or joint supervisor. Benatallah has had over 21 years as a senior lecturer, associate professor, full professor and then Scientia professor at UNSW Sydney (Australia) before joining DCU.  
 Abstract :  
 Conversational AI enabled Services : Opportunities, Risks and Directions   
 Conversational AI-enabled augmentation and integration promises to transform services and processes through data-driven automation and insights. Nonetheless, despite the early adoption, conversational AI-enabled service and process management technologies are still only in their preliminary stages of development, with several unsolved challenges stemming from a lack of computational abstractions and models to reason about ambiguity, composition and quality aspects that are inherent in data-driven processes. We will revisit abstractions, concepts, and techniques in data-driven service models and middleware. We will discuss synergies between intent-based composition, composition synthesis, robotic process automation and other technologies as a step forward to scale conversational AI services enablement. We will also briefly discuss quality control in training data curation and AI-enabled software services.  

 ×  Fabio Casati  
   
  Fabio Casati  
 Principal Machine Learning Architect   
 ServiceNow    

 Biography:  
  
 Fabio Casati is a Principal Machine Learning Architect at Servicenow as well as technical lead for the AI Trust and Governance group in servicenow research. Fabio focuses on designing, architecting and deploying AI-powered workflows for enterprise customers. On the research side, he is working on AI applied to workflows and on quality in AI. Previously he was Professor at the University of Trento. In that role, he started research lines on crowdsourcing and hybrid human-machine computations, focusing on applications that have direct positive impact on society through tangible artefacts adopted by the community. Prior to that, he was technical lead for the research program on business process intelligence in Hewlett-Packard USA, where he contributed to several HP commercial products in the area of web services and business process management. He co-authored a best-selling book on Web services and is author of over 250 peer-reviewed papers and dozens of patents.  
  
 Abstract:  
 Responsible Enterprise AI in the era of powerful models   
   
 Companies are devoting significant effort -and budget- into powering their processes with AI. The trend and enthusiasm towards AI-powered processes has skyrocketed in recent months with the advent of powerful large language models (LLMs), that open new possibilities and drive users interest and expectations. Leveraging the benefits of AI in an enterprise context however is far from trivial. AI are still probabilistic systems that operate in somewhat mysterious ways, often with a business value that is hard to measure, that may fall into major blunders, and that may be harmful to people of not used properly. The distance that still exists between the power of modern AI and the impact it has had so far on the enterprise is surprising to many, given that recent models report super-human performance in many tasks seemingly related to what AI is asked to do in the enterprise.  
 In this talk I will present some of the reasons for the disconnect between the (perceived) quality of AI services on one side, and the transformational impact they can have on AI-powered enterprise processes on the other. I will focus specifically on two key challenges. The first is the way we measure and communicate the quality of AI services: the way many companies approach this problem is fundamentally wrong, and this leads to wrong process design decisions and to an improper use of AI in business processes.  
 The second is that AI service and technology providers often focus on the benefits of AI services once in production, but underestimate the importance of simplifying the journey that process owners have to follow to get there, the perceived risk - or lack of trust - in AI, and how difficult it is to create and use good benchmarks. I will present concrete examples of all these issues, and show (i) how we can rethink the notion of AI quality in enterprise processes and (ii) how we can simplify the journey to quality, useful and deliver trustworthy AI-powered processes.  

 ×  Janina Bauer  
   
  Janina Bauer  
 Head of Sustainability   
 Celonis    

 Biography:  
  
 As Global Head of Sustainability at the software company Celonis, Janina Bauer (Nakladal) is responsible for driving the company's sustainability agenda. Together with her global team, she manages strategic programmes (including ESG reporting, employee engagement, product development and co-innovation with customers and partners) to embed Celonis' core value "Earth is our future" into the company's operations and strategy.  
 With the Celonis Execution Management System used by global companies to improve process efficiency and decarbonise supply chains, Celonis is growing disproportionately while reducing its own environmental footprint and increasing its positive social impact. Prior to joining Celonis, Ms. Bauer worked in a variety of roles at Siemens Healthineers, Random House Publishing and the United Nations, among others.  
 Ms. Bauer represents Celonis in external forums, partnerships and stakeholder engagement. She raises awareness of the importance of sustainability criteria in the optimisation and redesign of corporate processes. The resolution of the supposed conflict between economic aspects on the one hand and sustainability criteria on the other is one of her central concerns. For her commitment, she was honoured, among other things, by the Handelsblatt as one of the "50 Climate Pioneers in Germany" in 2021.  
  
 Abstract:  
 Can processes save the world?   
   
 Processes determine the course of our lives: in our everyday routine or in companies - everywhere it is important when something takes place and how. What positive and negative influence do processes have on us? And what role do they play for companies and society in crucial transformations such as the sustainability transformation? The keynote looks at this from a solution-oriented, data-driven and practical perspective.  
 We zoom in: From macroeconomic challenges and the carefully considered balance between sustainability goals and other economic goals, we analyze the supply chain and its processes as the biggest lever for sustainability success and go down to why every single activity's carbon footprint matters.  
 We review the concept of Process Mining to create process transparency and automatize carbon emission measurements - but most importantly find emission hotspots and eliminate them to operationalize sustainability goals. And we are looking at the frontier of innovation and what has to come next.  
 But for a really credible sustainability transformation we have to ensure that process transparency itself is a blessing rather than a curse. What does responsible Process Mining look like?  

 ×  Jerker Delsing  
   
  Jerker Delsing  
 Professor of Cyber-Physical Systems and a chaired professor in Industrial Electronics at the Embedded Intelligent Systems LAB (EISLAB) at the Luleå University of Technology, Sweden   

 Biography:  
  
 Jerker Delsing is a Professor of Cyber-Physical Systems and a chaired professor in Industrial Electronics at the Embedded Intelligent Systems LAB (EISLAB) at the Luleå University of Technology, Sweden .  
 His current research focus is on IoT, Cyber Physical Systems (CPS), Systems of Systems (SoS) and Systems of SPS (SoCPS ) with applications primarily to industrial automation and digitalization. In this context, he is working towards developing IoT and SoS architectures, SoS Engineering, low power electronics and sensors, and embedded EMC.  
  
 Abstract:  
 Flexible production value networks a possibility of an utopia   
   
 Efficient and flexible production value networks is important for any producing industry. The currently obvious approach is digitalisation. Major complicating factors of cost efficient digitalisation is information interoperability. Information/data interoperability is a complex and non-trivial field. The is true for all type of information/data from enterprise level to production shop floor level. Addressing this situation will require both new technologies but even more a capability to implement such new technology.  
 In my keynote I will discuss the technology situation and new approaches to provide autonomous information/data interoperability in flexible production value networks. Implementing such new technology in production will require changes in investments and organisation strategies.  

 ×  Coral Calero Muñoz  
   
  Coral Calero Muñoz  
 Professor at the University of Castilla-La Mancha in Spain   

 Biography:  
  
 Coral Calero is a Professor at the University of Castilla-La Mancha in Spain and has a PhD in Computer Science. She is a member of the Alarcos Research Group, being responsible of the "Green and Sustainable software" line research, where two main lines of work are developed. The first one addresses issues such as measuring the impact that software and information systems have on the environment and how to improve its energy efficiency, as well as human and economic aspects related to software sustainability. The second major line of work supports all the group's dissemination activities to raise awareness of the impact that software has on the environment.  
  
 Abstract:  
 Always look on the green side of software   
   
 That software moves the world is a clear fact. And that it is becoming more and more important, too. There are three aspects that have led to an increase in the intensity with which software is used: the Internet and social networks, data and artificial intelligence.  
 However, not everything is positive in the support that software provides to our daily lives. There are estimates that ICT will be responsible for 20% of global energy consumption by 2030, part of which will be due to software. And precisely the three mentioned aspects require large amounts of energy  
 In this keynote we will review different concepts related to software sustainability, and we will show some results of software consumption measurements that we have carried out on the one hand, cases carried out to raise awareness in society in general about the impact that software has on the environment through examples of internet software and social networks; On the other hand, examples related to software, data and artificial intelligence carried out with the aim of creating a set of best practices for the software professionals.  
 Our ultimate goal is to make you aware of the consumption problem associated with software and to ensure that, if at first, we were concerned with the "what" and later with the "how", now it is time to focus on the "with what".

57. CoopIS_2 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 CoopIS 2025 will be held in conjunction with ICINCO 2025    , WEBIST 2025    , icSPORTS 2025    , CHIRA 2025    , IJCCI 2025    , IC3K 2025    and EXPLAINS 2025    .   
  Registration to CoopIS allows free access to the ICINCO, WEBIST, icSPORTS, CHIRA, IJCCI, IC3K and EXPLAINS conferences (as a non-speaker).  

 Cooperative Information Systems (CIS) facilitate the cooperation between individuals, organisations, smart devices, and systems of systems, by providing flexible, scalable and intelligent services to enterprises, public institutions and user communities. As a result, people and smart devices can interact, share information and work together across physical barriers. The domain of CIS integrates research results from different related computing areas, such as: distributed systems, coordination technologies, collaborative decision making, enterprise architecture, business process management and conceptual modelling. In recent years, several innovative technologies have emerged: Cloud Computing, Service Oriented Computing, the Internet of Things, Linked Open Data, Semantic Systems, Collective Awareness Platforms, Block Chain, Processes as a Service, etc, that enable the next generation of CISs.    

 Publications:     
  The proceedings will be published by  
  Springer in a LNCS Series book   

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC

58. CoopIS_3 conference:
JavaScript không có sẵn.  
 We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.  
 Trung tâm Trợ giúp   
 Điều khoản Dịch vụ  Chính sách Riêng tư  Chính sách cookie  Imprint  Thông tin quảng cáo  © 2024 X Corp.  

 Something went wrong, but don’t fret — let’s give it another shot.    
  
   Try again    
   Some privacy related extensions may cause issues on x.com. Please disable them and try again.

59. CANS_0 conference:
Skip to main content   
 Back to Top        

 Information for:  
 Current Students 
  Alumni 
  Community 
  Faculty & Staff 
  Military 
  Patients 
    
   Search        

 Resources  

 A-Z Index 
  Degrees & Programs 
  Email 
  Libraries 
  News 
  Calendar 
  Campus Maps 
  Jobs & Careers 
  Campus Shuttles 
  Portals 
  POUNCE 

 Admissions 
  Academics 
  About 
  Student Life 
  Athletics 
  Research 
  Health 
  Giving 

 Augusta University 
  Computer & Cyber Sciences 
  Conferences 
  CANS 2023 

 CANS 2023  

 CANS 2023  
 CANS 2023 
  Call For Papers 
  Programs 
  Registration 
  Local Arrangements 
  Committees 
  IWCCE Workshop 
  CCS Home 

 Conference on Cryptology And Network Security (CANS)   

 About CANS 2023  
 The   International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security (CANS)  is a premier forum for presenting research in the field of cryptology and network security. The conference seeks academic, industry, and government submissions on all theoretical and practical cryptology and network security aspects.    

 Location  
 The conference will be held on the Riverfront Campus of  Augusta University   at the  Georgia Cyber Center   in the downtown district of Augusta, Georgia, USA. The Center is also the home of the  School of Computer and Cyber Sciences   .   
 Georgia Cyber Center  
  100 Grace Hopper Lane  
  Augusta, GA 30901, USA   

 Date  
 October 31 - November 2, 2023   

   Augusta University  
 1120 15th Street, Augusta, GA 30912  
 Campus Maps 
  Campus Contacts 

 A-Z Directory 
  Degrees & Programs 
  Employment 
  Accessibility 
  Accreditation 
  Campus Safety 
  Compliance Hotline 
  Human Trafficking Notice 
  Privacy Notices 
  Title IX / Sexual Misconduct 
    
 Apply Now  Give Now    
   
 ©  2024 Augusta University  
   
   Facebook     Twitter     LinkedIn     Youtube     Instagram     

    ©

60. CANS_1 conference:
Skip to main content   
 Back to Top        

 Information for:  
 Current Students 
  Alumni 
  Community 
  Faculty & Staff 
  Military 
  Patients 
    
   Search        

 Resources  

 A-Z Index 
  Degrees & Programs 
  Email 
  Libraries 
  News 
  Calendar 
  Campus Maps 
  Jobs & Careers 
  Campus Shuttles 
  Portals 
  POUNCE 

 Admissions 
  Academics 
  About 
  Student Life 
  Athletics 
  Research 
  Health 
  Giving 

 Augusta University 
  Computer & Cyber Sciences 
  Conferences 
  CANS 2023 
  Call for Papers 

 CANS 2023 - Call for Papers  

 CANS 2023  
 CANS 2023 
  Call For Papers 
  Programs 
  Registration 
  Local Arrangements 
  Committees 
  IWCCE Workshop 
  CCS Home 

  The 22nd International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security (CANS) spans current advances in all aspects of cryptology, data protection, and network and computer security. The session proceedings and recommendations will be published in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series by Springer  .   
 CANS 2023  will take place from October 31st to November 2nd, 2023, in Augusta, Georgia, USA.  
 Submission Deadline:  July 13th, 2023   
 Paper Notification:  August 10, 2023  
 Camera-Ready Deadline:  August 30, 2023  

 Submission Guidelines  

 High quality papers on unpublished research and implementation experiences may be submitted. All papers must be original and not substantially duplicated work that has been published at, or is simultaneously submitted to, a journal or another conference or workshop. All submissions must be written in English and span no more than 20 pages in the Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format (a Springer template can be found in Overleaf), including title, abstract, and bibliography. The introduction should summarize the contributions of the paper at the level understandable by a non-expert reader and explain the context to related work.  
 Submitted papers may contain supplementary material in the form of well-marked appendices of any length. However, the main paper should be intelligible without requiring the reader to consult supplementary material. Submissions must be anonymous  (no author names, affiliations, acknowledgments, or obvious references). The conference will also consider short papers of up to eight pages in the LNCS format, excluding the bibliography, for results that are not yet fully fleshed out or that simply require few pages to describe but still make a significant contribution.  
 All submissions must be processed with LaTeX2e according to the instructions given by Springer. Submitted manuscripts must be typeset in plain Springer LNCS format in particular without changing the font size, margins or line spacing. Submissions not meeting these guidelines may be rejected without consideration of their merits.  
 Papers must be submitted electronically in PDF format via EasyChair.   
 Submit papers   
 Presentation and Publication  
 At least one author of every accepted paper must register and pay the full registration fee (non-student) for the conference by the early registration deadline indicated by the organizers. Papers without a registered author will be removed from the sessions. Authors must present their own paper(s). Session proceedings, including all accepted papers, will be published in LNCS and will be available at the conference.  
  
  Topics  
 Access Control 
  Anonymity & Pseudonymity 
  Applied Cryptography 
  Attacks & Malicious Code 
  Authentication & Identification 
  Biometrics 
  Block & Stream Ciphers 
  Blockchain Security and Privacy 
  Cryptographic Algorithms and Primitives 
  Cryptographic Protocols 
  Cyber Physical Security 
    
 Data and Application Security 
  Denial of Service Protection 
  Data Protection 
  Data and Computation Integrity 
  Embedded System Security 
  Formal Methods for Security 
  Hash Functions 
  Identity Management 
  Key Management 
  Malware Analysis and Detection 
  Network Security 
  Peer-to-Peer 
    
 Privacy-Enhancing Technologies 
  Public Key Cryptography 
  Security & Privacy 
  Security and Privacy for Big Data 
  Security and Privacy in the Cloud 
  Security in Content Delivery 
  Secure Computation 
  Secure Distributed Computing 
  Security in Pervasive Systems 
  Security in Social Networks 
  Sensor Network Security 
  Security in Crowdsourcing 
    
 Security Architectures 
  Security in Grid Computing 
  Security Metrics 
  Security in the Internet of Things 
  Security Models 
  Security in Location Services 
  Security Policies 
  Trust Management 
  Usable Security 
  Virtual Private Networks 
  Wireless and Mobile Security 
  Zero-Knowledge Proofs 

   Augusta University  
 1120 15th Street, Augusta, GA 30912  
 Campus Maps 
  Campus Contacts 

 A-Z Directory 
  Degrees & Programs 
  Employment 
  Accessibility 
  Accreditation 
  Campus Safety 
  Compliance Hotline 
  Human Trafficking Notice 
  Privacy Notices 
  Title IX / Sexual Misconduct 
    
 Apply Now  Give Now    
   
 ©  2024 Augusta University  
   
   Facebook     Twitter     LinkedIn     Youtube     Instagram     

    ©

61. CoDIT_1 conference:
The requested URL was rejected. Please consult with your administrator.  
   
  Your support ID is: < 8203162004127029746>  
   
  [Go Back]

62. CANS_2 conference:
Scroll Top  Grace Hopper Lane, Suite 3300, Augusta, GA 30901   
 706-721-0491    

 DONATE NOW    

 Primary Menu     Home 
  About | About the Alliance for Fort Eisenhower 
  Our History 
  Message from the Chairman 
  Alliance Board Members 
  Fort Eisenhower Mission 
  CyberPatriot Center of Excellence 
  Greater Augusta Region 
  Economic Impact 
  Partnership | Partnership Levels 
  Resources | Employment Opportunities 
  K-12 Cybersecurity Education Calendar 
  Links to Resources 
  Live Here 
  Work Here 
  Quality of Life 
  Health 
  Learn Here 
  Play Here 
  News 

 International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security  

 Home      News      International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security    

             
 By m3seo   News    October 13, 2023    

 The 22nd International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security (CANS) spans current advances in all aspects of cryptology, data protection, and network and computer security. Hosted by the School of Computer and Cyber Sciences, CANS 2023  will be held on the Riverfront Campus of Augusta University  , Augusta, Georgia, USA.  
 Co-located with CANS 2023 is the International Workshop on the Challenges in Cybersecurity Education  that will take place on October 30, 2023  
 The International Workshop on the Challenges in Cybersecurity Education addresses workforce cybersecurity education needs and challenges from the EU and US perspectives. The workshop features invited speakers who will address cybersecurity education initiatives and existing programs in the EU/US space. The relevant topics encompass the entire spectrum of cybersecurity training and education: K-12, two-year and four-year degree programs, graduate programs, and professional training. Included in the scope of the workshop is the role of Department of Homeland Security/Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency and the National Security Agency in developing the US academic response to cybersecurity education through the Centers of Academic Excellence program.  
 For more information and to register: https://www.augusta.edu/ccs/conferences/cans2023/   

 MR. STAN SHEPHERD   
 Chairman   
 At our core is a best-in-class relationship between the Alliance, Fort Eisenhower, and our region. We are an independent organization with one mission—our efforts center on ensuring the success of the critical missions at Fort Eisenhower, knowing the increased importance of this military installation to our Nation’s security.  

     

 JOIN THE ALLIANCE FOR FORT EISENHOWER    

   Receive our weekly news updates and discover how you can get involved.   

 " *  " indicates required fields  
   
 Name *       
   
 Email *       
   
 Company     
   
 Telephone *       
   
 Message     
   
 Comments     
 This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.   

 Δ     

 The mission of the Alliance is to promote, coordinate and advocate for the Fort Eisenhower Cyber District to stimulate investment in cyber growth and capitalize on opportunities for the benefit of all.  

 USEFUL LINKS  
    
 • | ABOUT 
  • | ECONOMIC IMPACT 
  • | PARTNERSHIP 
  • | RESOURCES 

 NEWSLETTER  
    
 Subscribe to our MailChimp newsletter and stay up to date with the Cyber District:  

 © Copyright 2023 Alliance for Fort Eisenhower  | Accessibility Statement

63. CoDIT_2 conference:
Skip to main content  IEEE.org  | IEEE Xplore  Digital Library  | IEEE Standards  | IEEE Spectrum  | More Sites   

 Keywords       

   About 
  Publications | General Information | IEEE CSS Publications 
  Ethical Rules of Publications 
  Publications Digest 
  Control for Societal-Scale Challenges Roadmap 2030 
  The Impact of Control Technology - 1st ed. 
  The Impact of Control Technology - 2nd ed. 
  IEEE Press Book Series 
  Society Publications | Control Systems Letters 
  IEEE Control Systems Magazine 
  IEEE Open Journal of Control Systems 
  Transactions on Automatic Control 
  Transactions on Control of Network Systems 
  Transactions on Control Systems Technology 
  E-Letter (discontinued) 
  State-Space Forum 
  Open Journal Control Systems 
  Conferences | Conferences | CSS Conferences 
  Financially Sponsored Conferences 
  Technically Co-Sponsored Conferences 
  Conference Listing 
  Conference Editorial Board (CEB) 
  Technology Conference Editorial Board (TCEB) 
  Conference Publications 
  Request Technical Co-Sponsorship 
  Add a Conference 
  Conference Organizers | Conference Budgets 
  Activities | Technical Activities | CSS Technical Activities 
  TC Chair Guidelines 
  History of CSS TAB 
  Member Activities | CSS Member Activities 
  Distinguished Lecturer Program 
  CSS Chapter Activities 
  Technical Committees | Technical Committees 
  Student Activities | Student Membership 
  Student Travel Support 
  Student Workshop Support 
  Student Branch Chapters 
  Financial Activities | CSS Financial Activities 
  Travel Support 
  Conference Budgets 
  Diversity, Outreach, and Development Activities | CSS on Diversity, Outreach, and Development Activities 
  Women in Control 
  Outreach Fund 
  CSS Graduate Collaboration Fellowship 
  Awards | Award Nominations | Call for Award Nominations  
 More Info 
  CSS Awards Information | Awards Program 
  CSS IEEE Fellows 
  Other IEEE Awards 
  Award Listing 
  2020 Awards Ceremony Video 
  CSS Awards | Hendrik W. Bode Lecture Prize 
  Antonio Ruberti Young Researcher Prize 
  George S. Axelby Outstanding Paper Award 
  TCST Outstanding Paper Award 
  CSM Outstanding Paper Award 
  Control Systems Technology Award 
  Award for Technical Excellence in Aerospace Control 
  Transition to Practice Award 
  IEEE Control Systems Letters Outstanding Paper Award 
  CCTA Best Student Paper Award 
  CDC Best Student Paper Award 
  Outstanding Chapter Award 
  Distinguished Member Award 
  TCNS Outstanding Paper Award 
  Roberto Tempo Best CDC Paper Award 
  IEEE Control Systems Society Graduate Collaboration Fellowship 
  Videos & Webinars 

 Call Documents  
   
 ×     

 Technically Co-sponsored   
 Conference   
   
 CoDIT 2023  
 9th 2023 International Conference on Control, Decision and Information Technologies  

  Website    
  Share This Event  
   facebook    
    twitter    
    linkedin    
    Email    

 Date & Time  
 Mon, July 3, 2023 –  
  Thu, July 6, 2023  
  Add to calendar   

 Location  
 Rome, Italy  
  Rome, Italy   

 Home  | Sitemap/More Sites  | Contact & Support  | Accessibility  | Nondiscrimination Policy  | IEEE Privacy Policy   
 © Copyright 2024 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions   .  
  A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

 This site is created, maintained, and managed by Conference Catalysts, LLC  .  
  Please feel free to contact us  for any assistance.

64. CANS_3 conference:
Event Series    
 Events    
 Academic Fields    

  Discussion    
 View source    
 History    

  Log in    
 Request account    

 CANS - International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security  
 From ConfIDent   
 Jump to: navigation  , search    

 Event Series    
 Acronym   
 CANS   
   
 Title   
 International Conference on Cryptology and Network Security   
   
 Academic Field   
 Security  , Cryptology  , Network Security    
   
 DOI   
 https://doi.org/10.25798/pk80-w154  10.25798/pk80-w154     

 Related Identifiers   
 DBLP Series ID   
 cans     
   
 Wikidata Series ID   
 Q105694620     
   
 WikiCFP Series ID   
 355     

 CORE Rankings   
 Year   
 2018   
   
 Rank   
 B   

 CORE Rankings   
 Year   
 2021   
   
 Rank   
 B   

 Maintainer   

  Events   

 List   
   
 CANS 2024   
   
 2024-09-24 → 2024-09-27  

 Cryptology   Network Security    

 CANS 2023   
   
 2023-10-31 → 2023-11-02  

 Cryptology   Network Security    

 CANS 2022   
   
 2022-11-13 → 2022-11-16  

 Cryptology   Network Security    

 CANS 2021   
   
 2021-12-13 → 2021-12-15  

 Cryptology   Network Security    

 CANS 2020   
   
 2020-12-14 → 2020-12-16  

 Cryptology   Network Security    

 CANS 2019   
   
 2019-10-25 → 2019-10-27  

 Cryptology   Network Security    

 CANS 2018   
   
 2018-09-30 → 2018-10-03  

 Cryptology   Network Security    

 Retrieved from " https://www.confident-conference.org:443/index.php?title=Event_Series:CANS&oldid=125488  "   
 Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.    
  More information      OK       

 Category  : Event Series 

 Tools  What links here    
 Related changes    
 Special pages    
 Printable version    
 Permanent link    
 Page information    
 Browse properties    

 This page was last edited on 8 December 2023, at 12:13.   
 Content is available under CC0  unless otherwise noted.   
   
 Privacy policy    
 About ConfIDent    
 Terms of Use    
 Data Protection Info    
 Declaration on Accessibility    
 Imprint    
   
 OpenResearchStack: 0.0.32  Confident: 1.9.11

65. CoDIT_3 conference:
IFAC on X 
  IFAC on Facebook 
  IFAC on LinkedIn 
  IFAC on YouTube 
  IFAC on Instagram 
    
 Search Site      

  Advanced Search…    
   
 Home 
  News 
  About 
  Activities 
  Conferences 
  Publications 
  Structure 
  Awards 
  FAQ 
  Contact 
  Log in 

 Control, Decision and Information Technologies - 9th CoDIT 2023  

 Info      
   
 IEEE et al. International Conference on   

 When | Jul 03, 2023 08:20 AM   Jul 06, 2023 08:20 AM   to 
 Where | Rome, ITALY 
 Add event to calendar | vCal    
   iCal 

 More information about this event…   

 Navigation   Conferences 
  Past Conferences 
  Organizer Guide 
  Author Guide 
  PaperCept 
  Conference Application 
  IFAC Brand Guidelines 
  IFAC Conference App 
  IFAC Release Form for Speakers 
  Editor's Guide 
  IFAC Young Author Conference Award 
  IFAC Webpage template (and hosting) 
  IFACx labeled conferences 2023 
  Guidelines for IFAC Conference Awards 
  IFACx labeled conferences 2024 
  Control, Decision and Information Technologies - 9th CoDIT 2023 

 Sitemap   
 About   Message from the President 
  Aims 
  History 
  Symposia, Conferences Workshop and Congresses 
  Participation 
  Affiliate Registration Form 
  Information Brochure 

 Conferences   Forthcoming   
 Past  Conferences   
 Organizer Guide   
 Author Guide   
 PaperCept   
 Conference Application     

 Structure   Overview 
  General Assembly - NMO's 
  President 
  Council and Advisors 
  Executive Board and Committees 
  Technical Board and Coordinating Committees 
  Scope of Technical Committees 
  Secretariat 
  Finances 
  Constitution and By-laws 
  List of Officials 

 Publications   Overview 
  IFAC Journals and Affiliated Journals 
  Preprints, Proceedings and Copyright Conditions 
  IFAC Papers-Online 
  Newsletters 

 Areas 
  Awards 
  News 
  FAQ 
  Contact 

 Imprint  | © 2024 International Federation of Automatic Control. All Rights Reserved.  
 IFAC - the International Federation of Automatic Control - values the privacy of its members, affiliates and visitors to its website and is strongly committed to each visitor's right to privacy. By using IFAC's website, you express your acceptance of IFAC's privacy policy. For details of its privacy policy please follow this link  .

66. CATA_0 conference:
Please enable cookies.   
 Sorry, you have been blocked  
 You are unable to access  10times.com  

 Why have I been blocked?  
 This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.  
   
 What can I do to resolve this?  
 You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  

 Cloudflare Ray ID: 8ea8b0cb3c0e5de1   •  Your IP: Click to reveal  14.237.32.203  •   Performance & security by  Cloudflare

67. CW_0 conference:
Socialist Republic of Vietnam    Choose your Country/Region  

 Asia   
   
  China    
  India    
  Japan    
  South Korea    
   
  Malaysia    
  Taiwan, China    
  United Arab Emirates    
  Indonesia    
   
  Hong Kong, China    
  Singapore    
  Thailand    
  Turkey    

 America   
   
  United States    
  Canada    
  Brazil    
  Argentina    
   
  Mexico    
  Colombia    
  Chile    
  Peru    
   
  Guatemala    

 Europe   
   
  Italy    
  United Kingdom    
  France    
  Germany    
   
  Spain    
  Portugal    
  Austria    
  Poland    
   
  Greece    
  Russian Federation    
  Czech Republic    
  Switzerland    
   
  Netherlands    
  Sweden    
  Romania    
  Hungary    
   
  Belgium    
  Ukraine    
  Ireland    
  Croatia    
   
  Finland    
  Denmark    
  Cyprus    
  Serbia    
   
  Slovakia    
  Norway    
  Bulgaria    
  Iceland    

 Oceania   
   
  Australia    
  New Zealand    
  Fiji    

 Africa   
   
  South Africa    
  Tunisia    
  Morocco    
  Egypt    

 Product | Software 
  Webinar 
  Video conference 
  Virtual conference 
  Institution Edition 
  Discover | Subject category 
  Conference in Socialist Republic of Vietnam 
  Contribution library 
  Browse by venue 
  Services 
         
 Create an event  Lecture    
   
 Meeting/Workshop/Tutorials    
   
 Conference    

 Log in  Sign up    

 2023 International Conference on Cyberworlds (CW)  
   
 Oct. 03 - 05, 2023  
 Hotel in Sousse, , , , , Sousse, , Tunisia, , ;, Sousse · Tunisia  
   
 Conference  Virtual Conference    
  0  Views   
  0  Comments   
 Favorite    
  Share    

 Introduction  
   
 AboutCommunication, Networking and Broadcast Technologies; Computing and Processing; Signal Processing and Analysis  
  Keywords:Visual Computing,Data Science for Immersive Communication,Applications of cyberworlds, Multimodal Interaction and Human Factors,Brain-Computer Interfaces in Extended Reality,Human Factors in Cyberspace, Cybercrime Prevention,Biometrics in Cyberspaces, Internet of Things,Analysis of digital traces in Cyberspaces,  
  Scope:Cyberworlds are information spaces and communities that immensely augment the way we interact, participate in business and receive information throughout the world. Cyberworlds seriously impact our lives and the evolution of the world economy by taking such forms as social networking services, 3D shared virtual communities, and massively multiplayer online role-playing games.  
  Sponsor Type:2; 3; 5; 5; 5; 9  

 Call for paper  

 Submit Comment  

 Verify Code     Change Another   Submit    

 All Comments  

 Submission Template  
 ×    
  Paper Template  
  Paper Template  

 Home 
  Program 
  Timetable 
  Abstract List 
  Photo 
  Review 
  Management 
    
 Important Date  
   
 Conference Date | Oct 03  
 2023  
  to  Oct 05  
 2023 
  Oct 05  2023 | Registration deadline 

 Sponsored By  
   
 Region 08 - Europe,Middle East,Africa  
  Tunisia Section  
  Tunisia Section C Chapter  
  Tunisia Section CIS Chapter  
  Tunisia Section SP Chapter  
  University of Sousse   
   
 Contact Information  
   
 na******@eniso.rnu.tn 
  Login to view full info    

 Contact Information  
 ×    

 OK    

 About Us  |  News  |  Blog  |  Feedback  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Service  |  Cancellation Policy  |  Contact   
 Copyright © 2013-2021 Aconf.org  - One-stop solutions for academic events   
 鄂ICP备09016152号-4

68. CW_1 conference:
Skip to content  facebook 
    Search      
 Eurographics      

 HOME 
  NEWS | open dropdown menu | General news 
  Mailing list 
  News archive 
  MEMBERSHIP | open dropdown menu | EG membership 
  Membership management 
  ABOUT EG | open dropdown menu | About EG 
  Organization 
  History 
  Fellows 
  Junior Fellows 
  Volunteering 
  Workshops Board and Working groups 
  Local Chapters 
  Educational activities 
  Affiliated societies 
  Obituaries 
  AWARDS | open dropdown menu | Eurographics Awards Programme 
  Eurographics Gold Medal 
  Distinguished Career Award 
  Outstanding Technical Contributions Award 
  Eurographics Young Researcher Award 
  EuroVis Early Career Award 
  Eurographics PhD Award 
  EuroVis PhD Award 
  Best Paper Awards 
  PUBLICATIONS | open dropdown menu | Eurographics Publications 
  Computer Graphics Forum 
  Eurographics Bibliography Database 
  Open Access 
  Guidelines 
  CGF COVER CONTEST 
  EG EVENTS | open dropdown menu | EG Events 
  Information for EG Event Organizers 
  Eurographics Cooperation With Other Bodies 
  Diversity Scholarship 
  DOCUMENTS | open dropdown menu | Public Documents 
  General Assembly doc. 
  EXB documents 
  EXC Documents 
  CONTACT | open dropdown menu | Contact / Legal Notice 

 open menu     

   « All Events   
 This event has passed. 
    
 Cyberworlds (CW2023)  
 October 3, 2023  - October 5, 2023   
   
 «  Vision, Modeling, and Visualization (VMV 2023) 
  IMET 2023: 3rd International Conference on Interactive Media, Smart Systems and Emerging Technologies » 

 Cyberworlds are information spaces and communities that immensely augment the way we interact, participate in business and receive information throughout the world. Cyberworlds seriously impact our lives and the evolution of the world economy by taking such forms as social networking services, 3D shared virtual folks to download.  
 The 22th International Conference on Cyberworlds (CW2023) will be held in Sousse, Tunisia, 03-05 October 2023.  

 + Google Calendar  + iCal Export    
 Details  
 Start:  October 3, 2023   End:  October 5, 2023   Event Category:  In cooperation event      
 Venue  
 Sousse, Tunisia     

 «  Vision, Modeling, and Visualization (VMV 2023) 
  IMET 2023: 3rd International Conference on Interactive Media, Smart Systems and Emerging Technologies » 

 Sidebar  
 Join Eurographics  | Eurographics Digital Library   

 Upcoming Events  
 ICAT-EGVE2024: International Conference on Artificial Reality and Telexistence & Eurographics Symposium on Virtual Environments | December 1  - December 3 
  VISIGRAPP 2025: International Joint Conference | February 26, 2025  - February 28, 2025 
  EUROGRAPHICS 2025 | May 12, 2025  - May 16, 2025 
  EuroVis 2025 | June 2, 2025  - June 6, 2025 
  View All Events   
  
 Eurographics 2025 in London, UK  
    
 EuroVis 2025 in Luxembourg  
    
 Winner of the Computer Graphics Forum 2024 Cover Image Contest  
   This image shows the inside of the teaser figure 'fertility' from Polygon Laplacian Made Robust. It visualizes the condition numbers of individual polygon stiffness matrices. The mesh transitions from the input mesh to our result from left to right. The original mesh features disfigured polygons with alarming (yellow) or terrible (magenta) condition numbers. With our tailored smoothing algorithm, polygons become very regular and, combined with our improved polygon Laplacian, result in better condition numbers (blue) and improved robustness in computational simulation. Blender was used to stylize the geometry and render the image.    
 System hosted at Graz University of Technology  

 Eurographics

69. CATA_1 conference:
Skip to Main Content      
 CATA Conference    

 Close      

  Search Term        
  
 CATA 2024 
  Register 
  Conference | Conference Information 
  Program 
  Presenters 
  Travel & Lodging 
  Exhibitors 
  Testimonials 
  Past Conference | CATA 2023 
  CATA 2022 

   » CSIS   
 CATA 2025 Conference  

 40th International Conference on Computers and Their Applications  
   CATA 2025   
  March 17-18, 2025  
   Crowne Plaza Hotel, San Francisco Airport CA, US   
 Sponsored by the International Society for Computers and Their Applications  (ISCA)   
  
 The 40th International Conference on Computers and Their Applications (CATA) provides an international forum for the presentation and discussion of research on computers and their applications. CATA 2025 will feature contributed, as well as invited papers concerned with theory, practice, and applications. The conference also includes the best paper award, given for a paper presented at the conference.  
 The topics will include, but are not limited to, the following areas:  
  
 Artificial Intelligence 
  Computer and Network Security 
  Computer Graphics 
  Computer Modeling 
  Computer Networks 
  Computer Vision 
  Computers and Education 
  Control Systems | Data Communications 
  Databases 
  Data Mining/Knowledge Discovery 
  Digital Signal Processing 
  Expert Systems 
  Human-Computer Interface 
  Human-Computer Visualization 
  Image Processing | Information Systems 
  Multimedia Applications 
  Neural Networks 
  Pattern Recognition 
  Programming Languages 
  Real-Time Computing 
  Robotics 

 + Expand All 
  – Collapse All 
  Organization  
 Conference Chair  
 Dr. Ajay Bandi ( | AJAY@nwmissouri.edu | ) (Northwest Missouri State University, USA) 
  Program Chair  
 Dr. Mohammad Hossain ( | hossaim@iu.edu | ) (Indiana University Indianapolis, USA) 
  Program Committee  
  
 Sujan Ranjan Reddy Anreddy (Mississippi State University, USA) 
  Gaurav Sharma (NVIDIA, USA) 
  Maximilian Etschmaier (Florida State University, USA) 
  Takeyuki Nagao (Chiba University of Commerce, Japan) 
  Thomas Reichherzer (University of West Florida, USA) 
  Mohammad Owrang Ojaboni (American Univsity, USA) 
  Abdullah Aydeger (Southern Illinois University, USA) 
  Kiyofumi Tanaka (Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (JAIST), Japan) 
  Emdad Ahmed (Kennesaw State University, USA) | Chung-Hong Lee (National Kaohsiung University of Science and Technology, Taiwan) 
  Deok Nam (Wilberforce University, USA) 
  Kiyoshi Nagata (Daito Bunka University, Tokyo, Japan) 
  Antoine Bossard (Kanagawa University, Japan) 
  Swathi Kaluvakuri (Enterprise Fleet Management) 
  Hsine-Jen Tsai (Fu Jen University, Taiwan) 
  Ahmed Kamel (Concordia College, USA) 
  In Soo Lee (Kyungpook National University, South Korea) 
  Hidetsugu Kohzaki (Kyoto University, Japan) 
  Popin Bose Roy (Amazon, USA) | Thitivatr Patanasakpinyo (Mahidol University, Thailand) 
  Keiichi Kaneko (Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology, Japan) 
  Indranil Roy (South East Missouri State University, USA) 
  Phu Phung (University of Dayton, USA) 
  Takaaki Goto (Toyo University, Japan) 
  Fariba Jafari (American University, USA) 
  Sultan Alanazy (Southern Methodist University, USA) 
  Abhilash Kancharla (The University of Tampa, USA) 
  Roberto Rosas Romero (Universidad De Lasamericas - Puebla, Mexico) 

 Keynote  

 Important Dates  
  
 Date | Event 
 November 16, 2024 | Full paper submission 
 January 4, 2025 | Notification of acceptance 
 January 18, 2025 | Word files, PDF's of final Camera-ready paper and License to publish due. 
 February 7, 2025 | Conference registration materials due 
 March 17-18, 2025 | CATA 2025 in San Francisco, CA, USA 

 Submission Guidelines  
 Papers will be accepted only by electronic submission (PDF only). A full paper, including title, author's name(s) and affiliation, mailing address, telephone,  fax, and email of the principal author, should be submitted before November 16, 2024 online.  
 Upload Submission   
 The submitted manuscript should closely reflect the final paper as it will appear in the proceedings published in the Springer Nature. Accepted papers will be published by Springer Nature and submitted for indexing to major online indexes, such as Google Scholar and Scopus. Papers are single-blind peer review system will be used to evaluate all submissions.   
 After the conference, you may submit an extended version of your paper for possible publication in the ISCA Journal. If you encounter any difficulties during submission or if you require further information, please contact the Program Chairs. Accepted papers will be submitted for indexing to major online indexes such as Google Scholar and Scopus. The papers that are accepted and presented at the conference will be freely available online (Open Access).  
 Templates  
 https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines   
   
 Conference Registration  
 Please visit the link for conference registration: http://isca-hq.org/isca.php?p=Conferences    

 Publication  
 ______________________________________  
   
 Conference Program & Details  
 __________________________________________________________________________________   

 Ready to be a Bearcat?    
 Request Info 
  Schedule a Visit 
  Apply Now 

 Northwest Missouri State University   
  800 University Drive  
  Maryville, MO 64468 USA  
 660.562.1212  

 Campus Links  
 Academic Calendar 
  Emergency Alert Sign Up 
  News and Events 
  Maps and Tours 
  Consumer Information 
   Report an Incident    
 Affiliates  
 Alumni 
  Athletics 
  Children/Lab School 
  Jobs at Northwest 
  Make a Gift 
  Northwest Online 
  Northwest-Kansas City 

 Contact 
  Feedback 
  Policies 
    
 © 2022 Northwest Missouri State University. All rights reserved.  
   
 Northwest Missouri State University is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disability and veteran employer  and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to Title IX  and 34 CFR Part 106. For more information, visit Northwest's Non-Discrimination Policy  .  

 Top

70. CW_2 conference:
Conference Partner   Home 
  Conferences 
  Journals 
  Proofreading 
  Login 

  中文  |  English  |  Español  |  日本語     

 Conference Partner  » Conferences  » CW    
  Conference Information   
   
 CW 2023: International Conference on Cyberworlds  
 https://cw2023.ieee.tn/   
   
 Submission Date: | 2023-05-19 Extended 
 Notification Date: | 2023-07-26 
 Conference Date: | 2023-10-03 
 Location: | Sousse, Tunisia 
 Years: | 22 
  
 CORE: b  Viewed: 30356  Tracked: 3  Attend: 3    

  Call For Papers   
   
 Scope : Cyberworlds are information spaces and communities that immensely augment the way weinteract, participate in business and receive information throughout the world.Cyberworlds seriously impact our livesand the evolution of the world economy by taking such forms as socialnetworking services, 3D shared virtual communities and massively multiplayeronline role-playing games. CW 2023 is the 22th conference organizedannually since 2002. Topics : VISUAL AND INTERACTIVE COMPUTING IN CYBERSPACE Visual Computing: Extended reality (XR); Computer graphics; Computer animation; Visualization; Image processing; Computer vision, Deep learning in visual computing, etc. ‍ Data Science for Immersive Communication: Immersive visual analytics; Machine and deep learning in visual communication; Collaborative visual analysis, etc. ‍ Applications: Digital humans; Education in cyberspace; Shared art and cultural heritage; Health care in cyberspace; Online games and living in shared virtual worlds; Shared digital fabrication, etc. ‍ Multimodal Interaction and Human Factors: Man-machine interaction (haptics, olfaction, sonification); Human dynamics; Communication; Collaboration; Entertainment; Digital assistants; Enhanced living; Human augmentation, etc. ‍ COGNITIVE HUMAN-MACHINE INTERACTION Brain-Computer Interfaces (BCI) in Extended Reality (XR): BCI applications; EEG-based neuroimaging; Mobile and adaptive BCIs; Neurofeedback systems and games; Neurorehabilitation and neuroplasticity; Machine-assisted cognitive enhancement, etc. ‍ Human Factors in Cyberspace: Affective computing; Emotion artificial intelligence; Human factors in transportation and industry; Biosignals; Internet of bodies; Machine and deep learning for biosignal-based algorithms; Neuroergonomics; Cognitive multimodal interfaces; Human factors in XR; Cognitive human-robot interaction, etc. ‍ CYBERSECURITY Cybercrime Prevention: Identity and trust management; Content protection and digital rights management; Information hiding and anonymity; Privacy protocols; Security protocols; Malware detection; Attack detection, etc.‍ Biometrics in Cyberspaces: Behavioral biometrics; Biometric template protection; Emerging biometrics; Multi-biometrics; Presentation attack detection, etc. Internet of Things: Security of embedded systems; Security protocols; Security in V2X and smart cities; Mobile networks security, IoT & big data, etc. Analysis of Digital Traces in Cyberspaces: Forensics (computer, mobile devices, network, social media); Altered content detection (multimedia, deep fake); Digital data analysis (social media, file carving), etc.  Last updated by Dou Sun  in 2023-05-03   

  Acceptance Ratio   

 Year | Submitted | Accepted | Accepted(%) 
 2008 | 167 | 68 | 40.7% 
 2005 | 81 | 54 | 66.7% 
 2004 | 105 | 86 | 81.9% 
  
 1691  1690  1689    

  Related Conferences   

 CCF | CORE | QUALIS | Short | Full Name | Submission | Notification | Conference 
 ITC' | International Teletraffic Congress | 2024-12-09 | 2025-02-28 | 2025-06-02 
 IWSS | International Workshop on Smart Spectrum | 2016-11-07 | 2016-12-15 | 2017-03-19 
 AI & FL | International Conference of Artificial Intelligence and Fuzzy Logic | 2023-08-05 | 2023-08-14 | 2023-08-19 
 ICNEIC | International Conference on Network Engineering and Intelligent Computing | 2020-09-16 | 2020-09-20 | 2020-09-28 
 SMDS | IEEE International Conference on Smart Data Services | 2022-03-01 | 2022-04-15 | 2022-07-10 
 SC2 | International Symposium on Cloud and Service Computing | 2019-08-05 | 2019-08-31 | 2019-11-18 
 ASYNC | IEEE International Symposium on Asynchronous Circuits and Systems | 2020-01-06 | 2020-02-20 | 2020-05-17 
 ICAEM | International Conference on Advanced Energy Materials | 2023-01-20 | 2023-02-05 | 2023-01-13 
 AETMS | International Conference on Advanced Education Technology and Management Science | 2017-09-05 | 2017-09-17 
 IEEE MILCOM | IEEE Military Communications Conference | 2024-06-10 | 2024-08-12 | 2024-10-28 
  
 1348  2055  3886  3928  3478  1737  2029  4483  2299  2226    

 Short | Full Name | Submission | Conference 
 ITC' | International Teletraffic Congress | 2024-12-09 | 2025-06-02 
 IWSS | International Workshop on Smart Spectrum | 2016-11-07 | 2017-03-19 
 AI & FL | International Conference of Artificial Intelligence and Fuzzy Logic | 2023-08-05 | 2023-08-19 
 ICNEIC | International Conference on Network Engineering and Intelligent Computing | 2020-09-16 | 2020-09-28 
 SMDS | IEEE International Conference on Smart Data Services | 2022-03-01 | 2022-07-10 
 SC2 | International Symposium on Cloud and Service Computing | 2019-08-05 | 2019-11-18 
 ASYNC | IEEE International Symposium on Asynchronous Circuits and Systems | 2020-01-06 | 2020-05-17 
 ICAEM | International Conference on Advanced Energy Materials | 2023-01-20 | 2023-01-13 
 AETMS | International Conference on Advanced Education Technology and Management Science | 2017-09-05 | 2017-09-17 
 IEEE MILCOM | IEEE Military Communications Conference | 2024-06-10 | 2024-10-28 
  
 1348  2055  3886  3928  3478  1737  2029  4483  2299  2226    

  Related Journals   

 CCF | Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher | ISSN 
 Discrete Optimization | 0.900 | Elsevier | 1572-5286 
 c | Fuzzy Sets and Systems | 3.200 | Elsevier | 0165-0114 
 IEEE Robotics & Automation Magazine | 5.400 | IEEE | 1070-9932 
 Advances and Applications in Bioinformatics and Chemistry | Dove Medical Press | 1178-6949 
 International Journal of Computers Communications & Control | 2.000 | Agora University | 1841-9836 
 International Journal on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks | AIRCC | 0975-7260 
 International Journal of Next-Generation Networks | AIRCC | 0975-7252 
 Mathematical Methods of Operations Research | 0.900 | Springer | 1432-2994 
 Computer Law & Security Review | 3.300 | Elsevier | 0267-3649 
 c | Knowledge-Based Systems | 7.200 | Elsevier | 0950-7051 
  
 996  211  807  740  927  256  257  1000  52  227    

 Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher 
 Discrete Optimization | 0.900 | Elsevier 
 Fuzzy Sets and Systems | 3.200 | Elsevier 
 IEEE Robotics & Automation Magazine | 5.400 | IEEE 
 Advances and Applications in Bioinformatics and Chemistry | Dove Medical Press 
 International Journal of Computers Communications & Control | 2.000 | Agora University 
 International Journal on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks | AIRCC 
 International Journal of Next-Generation Networks | AIRCC 
 Mathematical Methods of Operations Research | 0.900 | Springer 
 Computer Law & Security Review | 3.300 | Elsevier 
 Knowledge-Based Systems | 7.200 | Elsevier 
  
 996  211  807  740  927  256  257  1000  52  227    

  Recommendation   

 Track It 3 
  Attend It 3 
  Edit CFP 

 Tracker 
 Liwen Shi (24) 
 Felix Fan (1) 
 Katu Kourei (4318) 
  
 13443  12906  1853    

 Attender | Year 
 Li Liuliu (6) | 2019 
 Liwen Shi (24) | 2018 
 Qing Zheng (7) | 2018 
  
 24099  13443  13442    
   
  Advertisment   

  4,945  Conferences | 1,179  Journals | 69,527  Researchers | 383,495,643 PV  
  Copyright © 2011-2024 myhuiban.com. All Rights Reserved. About Us  | Facebook  | X  | Post CFP or Contact Us  | Promotion

71. CATA_2 conference:
ผู้ช่วยศาสตราจารย์ ดร. ฐิติวัชร์ พัฒนศักดิ์ภิญโญ    
 (Assistant Professor Dr. Thitivatr Patanasakpinyo)    
 thitivatr.pat@mahidol.ac.th    

 ผู้ช่วยศาสตราจารย์ ดร. ฐิติวัชร์ พัฒนศักดิ์ภิญโญ    
 (Assistant Professor Dr. Thitivatr Patanasakpinyo)    
 thitivatr.pat@mahidol.ac.th    

 Publications (10 papers)    
  
 [C] PATANASAKPINYO T., SULAIMAN A.  Alternative Approach to Achieve a Solution of Derangement Problems by Dynamic Programming  38th International Conference on Computers and Their Applications (CATA2023). 2023 Mar 
 [C] PatanasakPinyo T., Chen N., Singsornsri N., Kanchanaporn N.  Verifying and assessing a performance of an automatic vacuum robot under different room conditions  EPiC Series in Computing. 2022; 82:11-20 
 [C] Patanasakpinyo T.  Ameliorating accuracy of a map navigation when dealing with different altitude Traffcs that share exact geolocation  EPiC Series in Computing. 2021; 76:95-104 
 [J] Muangmeesri B., Theddee A., Patanasakpinyo T., Maneetham D.  Development of classification system of rice milling machine using iot control  International Journal of Engineering Trends and Technology 
 [J] PatanasakPinyo T.  Exploiting a real-time non-geolocation data to classify a road type with different altitudes for strengthening accuracy in navigation  International Journal of Computers and their Applications. 2021; 28(1):55-64 
 [C] Patanasakpinyo T.  Ameliorating Accuracy of a Map Navigation When Dealing with Different Altitude Traffics that Share Exact Geolocation  29th International Conference on Software Engineering and Data Engineering (SEDE2020) 
 [C] Patanasakpinyo T., Miller L. U.I.  UI error reduction for high spatial visualization users when using adaptive software to verify addresses  EPiC Series in Computing. 2020; 69:22-31 
 [C] PatanasakPinyo T., Batinov G., Whitney K., Sulaiman A., Miller L.  Enhanced prediction models for predicting spatial visualization (VZ) in address verification task  Proceedings of 34th International Conference on Computers and Their Applications, CATA 2019. 2019; 247-256 
 [C] PatanasakPinyo T.  Model checking approach for deadlock detection in an operating system process-resource graph using dynamic model generating and computation tree logic specification  Proceedings of 34th International Conference on Computers and Their Applications, CATA 2019. 2019; 55-64 
 [C] PatanasakPinyo T., Batinov G., Whitney K., Sulaiman A., Miller L., Gilbert S.  Extracting useful UI features for users with different levels of spatial visualization  Proceedings of the 33rd International Conference on Computers and Their Applications, CATA 2018. 2018; 2018 - 

 Number per page  20  30  50  100      

 Page 1   / 1

72. CW_3 conference:
The 24 th  International Conference on Cyberworlds TBA.   
 Web page: http://www.cyberworlds-conference.org/   
  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/cw.cyberworlds   
   
  CW Conferences Coordinator: Alexei Sourin assourin@ntu.edu.sg  
 last updated on 31 October 2024  
  Created intentionally or spontaneously, cyberworlds are information spaces and commuties that use computer technologies to augment the way we interact, participate in business and receive information throughout the world. Cyberworlds have ever-growing impact on our lives and the evolution of the world economy. Examples include social networking services, 3D shared virtual communities and massively multiplayer online role-playing games.  
 Conference topics (not limited to):  
 VISUAL AND INTERACTIVE COMPUTING: | Extended Reality, Computer graphics, Computer animation, Visualization, Image processing, Computer vision, Immersive analytics, Machine learning in visual communication, Collaborative visual analysis, Digital humans, Education in cyberspace, Shared art and cultural heritage, Health care in cyberspace, Online games and living in shared virtual worlds, Shared digital fabrication, Man-machine interaction (haptics, olfaction, sonification), Human dynamics, Communication, Collaboration, Entertainment, Digital assistants, Enhanced living, Human augmentation, etc. 
  COGNITIVE HUMAN-MACHINE INTERACTION: | BCI applications, EEG-based neuroimaging, Mobile and adaptive BCIs, Neurofeedback systems and games, Neurorehabilitation and neuroplasticity, Machine-assisted cognitive enhancement, Affective computing, Emotion artificial intelligence, Human factors in transportation and industry, Biosignals, Internet of bodies, Machine and deep learning for biosignal-based algorithms, Neuroergonomics, Cognitive multimodal interfaces, Human factors in XR, Cognitive human-robot interaction, etc. 
  CYBERSECURITY AND BIOMETRICS: | Identity and trust management, Content protection and digital rights management, Information hiding and anonymity, Privacy protocols, Security protocols, Malware detection, Attack detection, Behavioral biometrics, Biometric template protection, Emerging biometrics, Multi-biometrics, Presentation attack detection, Security of embedded systems, Security protocols, Security in V2X and smart cities, Mobile networks security, Forensics (computer, mobile devices, network, social media), Altered content detection (multimedia, deep fake), Digital data analysis (social media, file carving), etc. 
   PAST CONFERENCES   
 The conference name "cyberworlds" originates from the book Cyberworlds  with the proceedings of the first Workshop on Synthetic Worlds organized by the late Professor T.L. Kunii  in the University of Aizu, Japan in 1993. The first big conference on cyberworlds was organized later in 2002, and since then the CW conferences have been held annually.  
  
 Year | Venue | Proceedings | Special issues of journals 
 CW2024 | Yamanashi, Japan | Proceedings | TVC (in progress) 
 CW2023 | Sousse, Tunisia | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2022 | Kanazawa, Japan | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2021 | Caen, France | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2020 | Online conference | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2019 | Kyoto, Japan | Proceedings | C&G 
 CW2018 | Singapore | Proceedings | C&G  , TVC  , AEI  , FGS  , TCS 
 CW2017 | Chester, UK | Proceedings | C&G  , TVC  , TCS 
 CW2016 | Chongqing, China | Proceedings | C&G  , TVC  , TCS 
 CW2015 | Gotland Sweden | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS  , IEICE TIS 
 CW2014 | Santander Spain | Proceedings | TVC     , TCS 
 CW2013 | Yokohama Japan | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS,  IEICE TIS 
 CW2012 | Darmstadt Germany | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS 
 CW2011 | Banff Canada | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS 
 CW2010 | Singapore | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS 
 CW2009 | Bradford UK | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2008 | Hangzhou China | Proceedings | IJVR  , TOE 
 CW2007 | Hannover Germany | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2006 | Lausanne Switzerland | Proceedings |  
 CW2005 | Singapore | Proceedings |  
 CW2004 | Tokyo Japan | Proceedings | JCAVW 
 CW2003 | Singapore | Proceedings | C&G  , IJED 
 CW2002 | Tokyo Japan | Proceedings |  
  
 The proceedings of the past conferences are placed in   IEEE Xplore    and IEEE Computer Society Digital Library    .  and submitted to all major referencing indices including EI Compendex, Scopus and SCI.   
 Special issues of reputable journals with selected papers have also been published.    
   
  Current journal  :   
  
 TVC | The Visual Computer Springer 

 Past journals  :   
  
 AEI | Advanced Engineering Informatics (Elsevier) 
 C&G | Computers&Graphics, Elsevier 
 FGS | Journal of Future Generation Systems (Elsevier) 
 IEICE TIS | IEICE Transactions on Information and Systems (SCI referenced) 
 IJED | International   Journal of Educational Development, Elsevier 
 IJVR | International   Journal of Virtual Reality, IPI Press 
 JCAVW | Computer Animation & Virtual Worlds, Wiley 
 TCS | Transactions on Computational Science, Springer 
 TOE | Transactions   on Edutainment, LNCS | Year | Venue | Proceedings | Special issues of journals | CW2024 | Yamanashi, Japan | Proceedings | TVC (in progress) | CW2023 | Sousse, Tunisia | Proceedings | TVC | CW2022 | Kanazawa, Japan | Proceedings | TVC | CW2021 | Caen, France | Proceedings | TVC | CW2020 | Online conference | Proceedings | TVC | CW2019 | Kyoto, Japan | Proceedings | C&G | CW2018 | Singapore | Proceedings | C&G  , TVC  , AEI  , FGS  , TCS | CW2017 | Chester, UK | Proceedings | C&G  , TVC  , TCS | CW2016 | Chongqing, China | Proceedings | C&G  , TVC  , TCS | CW2015 | Gotland Sweden | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS  , IEICE TIS | CW2014 | Santander Spain | Proceedings | TVC     , TCS | CW2013 | Yokohama Japan | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS,  IEICE TIS | CW2012 | Darmstadt Germany | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS | CW2011 | Banff Canada | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS | CW2010 | Singapore | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS | CW2009 | Bradford UK | Proceedings | TVC | CW2008 | Hangzhou China | Proceedings | IJVR  , TOE | CW2007 | Hannover Germany | Proceedings | TVC | CW2006 | Lausanne Switzerland | Proceedings | CW2005 | Singapore | Proceedings | CW2004 | Tokyo Japan | Proceedings | JCAVW | CW2003 | Singapore | Proceedings | C&G  , IJED | CW2002 | Tokyo Japan | Proceedings | TVC | The Visual Computer Springer | AEI | Advanced Engineering Informatics (Elsevier) | C&G | Computers&Graphics, Elsevier | FGS | Journal of Future Generation Systems (Elsevier) | IEICE TIS | IEICE Transactions on Information and Systems (SCI referenced) | IJED | International   Journal of Educational Development, Elsevier | IJVR | International   Journal of Virtual Reality, IPI Press | JCAVW | Computer Animation & Virtual Worlds, Wiley | TCS | Transactions on Computational Science, Springer | TOE | Transactions   on Edutainment, LNCS 
 Year | Venue | Proceedings | Special issues of journals 
 CW2024 | Yamanashi, Japan | Proceedings | TVC (in progress) 
 CW2023 | Sousse, Tunisia | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2022 | Kanazawa, Japan | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2021 | Caen, France | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2020 | Online conference | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2019 | Kyoto, Japan | Proceedings | C&G 
 CW2018 | Singapore | Proceedings | C&G  , TVC  , AEI  , FGS  , TCS 
 CW2017 | Chester, UK | Proceedings | C&G  , TVC  , TCS 
 CW2016 | Chongqing, China | Proceedings | C&G  , TVC  , TCS 
 CW2015 | Gotland Sweden | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS  , IEICE TIS 
 CW2014 | Santander Spain | Proceedings | TVC     , TCS 
 CW2013 | Yokohama Japan | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS,  IEICE TIS 
 CW2012 | Darmstadt Germany | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS 
 CW2011 | Banff Canada | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS 
 CW2010 | Singapore | Proceedings | TVC  , TCS 
 CW2009 | Bradford UK | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2008 | Hangzhou China | Proceedings | IJVR  , TOE 
 CW2007 | Hannover Germany | Proceedings | TVC 
 CW2006 | Lausanne Switzerland | Proceedings |  
 CW2005 | Singapore | Proceedings |  
 CW2004 | Tokyo Japan | Proceedings | JCAVW 
 CW2003 | Singapore | Proceedings | C&G  , IJED 
 CW2002 | Tokyo Japan | Proceedings |  
 TVC | The Visual Computer Springer 
 AEI | Advanced Engineering Informatics (Elsevier) 
 C&G | Computers&Graphics, Elsevier 
 FGS | Journal of Future Generation Systems (Elsevier) 
 IEICE TIS | IEICE Transactions on Information and Systems (SCI referenced) 
 IJED | International   Journal of Educational Development, Elsevier 
 IJVR | International   Journal of Virtual Reality, IPI Press 
 JCAVW | Computer Animation & Virtual Worlds, Wiley 
 TCS | Transactions on Computational Science, Springer 
 TOE | Transactions   on Edutainment, LNCS

73. ICDE_0 conference:
Skip to content        
   
 General Info | Important Dates 
  Organizing Committee 
  Research Program Committee 
  Industry and Applications Track Program Committee 
  Demonstration Track Program Committee 
  Diversity and Inclusion 
  Code of conduct 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Sponsors 
  Volunteers 
  Call for Contributions | Research Papers Track 
  Special Track 
  Industry and Applications Track 
  Workshops Track 
  Tutorial Proposals Track 
  Demonstration Track 
  TKDE Poster Session Track 
  Ph.D. Symposium 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Accepted Papers | Research Track 
  Industry and Applications Track 
  Tutorial Track 
  Demonstration Track 
  Ph.D. Symposium Track 
  Special Track 
  TKDE Poster Track 
  Keynotes 
  Diversity Program 
  Awards 
  Workshops | DECOR 2023 
  BDAFC 2023 
  DBML 2023 
  SMDB 2023 
  DASC 2023 
  ASTRIDE 2023 
  HardBD & Active 2023 
  Participate | Format and Registration 
  Student Travel Awards 
  Visa & Travel Info 
  Venue Information 
  Internet 

 ICDE 2023  

 Access RD Mobile    

 Registrations  
 In-Person | 504 
  Virtual | 184 
  Total | 688 
   
  Program  
 Full Papers | 286 
  Demos | 19 
  Tutorials | 5 
  Keynotes | 3 
  Workshops | 7 
  DEI Sessions | 2 

  6D14D52D-33DB-494C-AD12-EED801B8C610   
 MORE   

 00207BEB-A43E-4A05-891C-57958BCF88B2   
 MORE   

 6AAD3E62-D768-4316-8C2C-3CC912C75AFF   
 MORE   

 The 39th IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE 2023) took place in ( the happiest place on earth  ) Anaheim, California, USA at the Marriott Anaheim  (April 3 – 7, 2023).  
  
 The annual IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE) addresses research issues in designing, building, managing, and evaluating advanced data-intensive systems and applications. It is a leading forum for researchers, practitioners, developers, and users to explore cutting-edge ideas and to exchange techniques, tools, and experiences. We invite the submission of original research contributions.  

 Platinum Sponsors  

  Gold Sponsors  

  Silver Sponsors  

 News  
  
 7/27/2023 The ICDE 2023 proceedings are now on the | IEEE Xplore digital library | . 
  5/1/2023 The list of volunteers is now available on | this page 
  4/14/2023 The ICDE 2024 website is at | https://icde2024.github.io/ 
  4/14/2023 More photos are added to the | album 
  4/9/2023 The conference has officially ended. On behalf of the entire organization team, we hope you enjoyed the event. Have a safe trip back home! 
  4/5/2023 IEEE ICDE 2023 Ten-Year Influential Paper is now available on | this page 
  3/30/2023 The new program is available on | this page 
  3/20/2023 The detailed program is finalized on | this page 
  3/20/2023 The program overview is finalized on | this page 
  3/20/2023 The requirement about the TKDE poster size can be found | here | (in blue font) 
  3/8/2023 The virtual program is now available on | this page 
  3/7/2023 Accepted special papers are now available on | this page 
  2/28/2023 The detailed program is now available on | this page 
  2/25/2023 The author fee requirements are clarified on the | Format and Registration page 
  2/19/2023 Accepted industry and applications papers are now available on | this page 
  2/19/2023 Accepted demo papers are now available on | this page 
  2/17/2023 Accepted research papers are now available on | this page 
  2/12/2023 Preliminary program is now available on | this page 
  1/31/2023 Registration is now open! More information on | this page 
  1/21/2023 Venue information is now available on | this page 
  1/21/2023 Information about the registration and format of ICDE 2023 is | released 
  1/17/2023 | Travel awards | information is now available. Apply by | February 1, | February 15 2023 
  1/10/2023 The | Ph.D Symposium | deadline is extended to January 24, 2023 
  1/1/2023 | Five accepted tutorials are announced 

 © All right reserved  
 Event Star by Acme Themes    

 ×  Event Booking

74. DATA_0 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Information  Conference Details  Technical Program  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Exhibitors  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Abstracts  Awards    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 DATA 2023 will be held in conjunction with ICSOFT 2023    , SIMULTECH 2023    , DeLTA 2023    , ICSBT 2023    and SECRYPT 2023    .   
  Registration to DATA allows free access to the ICSOFT, SIMULTECH, DeLTA, ICSBT and SECRYPT conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 The purpose of the International Conference on Data Science, Technology and Applications (DATA) is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners interested on databases, big data, data mining, data management, data security and other aspects of information systems and technology involving advanced applications of data.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Business Analytics   
  
  2  .  Data Science   
  
  3  .  Data Management and Quality   
  
  4  .  Big Data   
  
  5  .  Databases and Data Security   

  Conference Chair    
 Alfredo Cuzzocrea  ,  University of Calabria, Italy   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Oleg Gusikhin  ,  Ford Motor Company, United States   
  Slimane Hammoudi  ,  ESEO, ERIS, France   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Maurizio Lenzerini  ,  Sapienza University of Rome, Italy   
  Luís Paulo Reis  ,  University of Porto, Portugal   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book   

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC

75. ICDE_1 conference:
Skip to content        
   
 General Info | Important Dates 
  Organizing Committee 
  Research Program Committee 
  Industry and Applications Track Program Committee 
  Demonstration Track Program Committee 
  Diversity and Inclusion 
  Code of conduct 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Sponsors 
  Volunteers 
  Call for Contributions | Research Papers Track 
  Special Track 
  Industry and Applications Track 
  Workshops Track 
  Tutorial Proposals Track 
  Demonstration Track 
  TKDE Poster Session Track 
  Ph.D. Symposium 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Accepted Papers | Research Track 
  Industry and Applications Track 
  Tutorial Track 
  Demonstration Track 
  Ph.D. Symposium Track 
  Special Track 
  TKDE Poster Track 
  Keynotes 
  Diversity Program 
  Awards 
  Workshops | DECOR 2023 
  BDAFC 2023 
  DBML 2023 
  SMDB 2023 
  DASC 2023 
  ASTRIDE 2023 
  HardBD & Active 2023 
  Participate | Format and Registration 
  Student Travel Awards 
  Visa & Travel Info 
  Venue Information 
  Internet 

 Industry and Applications Track  
   Home 
  Industry and Applications Track 

 The IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE) 2023 Industry and Applications Track will feature high-quality submissions describing innovation in all areas of data management systems as well as innovative and demanding application scenarios.  
 For the first time in the ICDE Industry and Applications Track, this year, all accepted papers will be considered by a committee for the Best Paper Award  .  
 Topics of Interest   
 The track will emphasize submissions that describe innovative industrial advancements in relevant areas including, but not limited to:  
 Database and data management systems 
  Cloud systems 
  Data systems on new hardware 
  Scalable machine learning and data mining systems 
  Data quality and cleaning 
  Mobile data management 
  Stream data processing and IoT 
  Information retrieval 
  Knowledge discovery 
  Information integration 
  Information integrity 
  Submissions that do not articulate the innovative aspect of a product or application project (including relevant open-source software), but rather give a general overview or address a pure research problem, are discouraged. Each submission must include at least one author with a non-academic affiliation.  
 The Industry and Applications Track will accept short (6 pages + unlimited space for references) as well as long (12 pages + unlimited space for references) submissions.  
 Important Dates   
 The Industry and Applications Track has only one round of submissions. All deadlines are 11:59PM Anywhere on Earth (AoE).  
 Submissions due: | October 19, 2022 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): | December 14, 2022 
  Revisions due: | January 25, 2023 
  Final notification to authors (Accept/Reject): | February 14, 2023 
  Camera-ready Copies due: | February 28, 2023 
  Submission Guidelines   
 Manuscripts must be prepared in accordance with the IEEE format   , and submitted to the Industry and Applications Track of the ICDE 2023 submission website   .  
 Long papers must not exceed 12 pages + unlimited space for references, and short papers must not exceed 6 pages + unlimited space for references. Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered. Papers that do not follow the guidelines or are not within the scope of topics relevant to ICDE will be desk rejected. Authors are encouraged to contact the industrial track chairs if they need clarification regarding the suitability of their work to this track.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2023 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2023, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Each submission must include all author names and affiliations. Changes to the author list after paper acceptance are not permitted. In case an exceptional situation arises necessitating a change in the author list, the situation needs to be explained via email to the industrial track chairs, who will decide whether to approve the change.  
 All accepted papers will appear in the proceedings. The best papers will be selected for extended versions to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering. IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from IEEE Xplore), if none of the authors attends the conference to present their paper.  
 All submissions should follow ICDE 2023 Research Track guidelines on Inclusion and Diversity in Writing, and Conflicts of Interest   .  
 Industry and Applications Track PC Chairs   
 Themis Palpanas, Université Paris Cité, France  
 Nesime Tatbul, Intel Labs and MIT, USA  
 Kai Zeng, Huawei, China  

 © All right reserved  
 Event Star by Acme Themes    

 ×  Event Booking

76. DATA_1 conference:
Skip to main content    
       Log in    
    English  Select your language   
 Close        
 Official EU languages:   
 en  English 
  bg  Български 
  es  Español 
  cs  čeština 
  da  dansk 
  de  Deutsch 
  et  eesti 
  el  ελληνικά 
  fr  français 
  ga  Gaeilge 
  hr  hrvatski 
  it  italiano 
  lt  lietuvių 
  lv  latviešu 
  hu  magyar 
  mt  Malti 
  nl  Nederlands 
  pl  polski 
  pt  português 
  ro  română 
  sk  slovenčina 
  sl  slovenščina 
  fi  suomi 
  sv  svenska 

   Search  Search     
 Search         

 European data   
   
 data.europa.eu   
   
 The official portal for European data   

   Menu    Close    Menu   
   Back     
   Previous items      Next items    Home 
  Data | Quick search 
  SPARQL Search 
  API Search 
  Metadata quality 
  Statistics 
  High-Value Datasets 
  European Register for Protected Data 
  EU Open Data Days 
  Academy 
  Community | Apps 
  Events 
  Podcasts 
  Contact us 
  Publications | Overview 
  Open data maturity 
  Data stories 
  News and Highlights 
  Newsletter 
  Studies 
  Country insights 
  Documentation 

 Home 
  … 
  News & events 
  Events 
  Data 2023 - International conference on Data ... 

 External event 
  Data 2023 - International conference on Data Science, Technology and Applications    
 11 July 2023-13 July 2023 
  Rome, Italy 

  Learn more about Data 2023 - International conference on Data Science, Technology and Applications      

   Text of this article  
   
 Copied to clipboard  Copy text      

 Subscribe to our newsletter  
 Get the latest information on data related events, news and publications.  
   
 Subscribe  Don't ask me again    
   
 Close        

     This website is managed by the Publications Office of the European Union   

 Contact  
   
 Contact the data.europa.eu team 
  Subscribe to our newsletter 
    
 Follow us on  
 X/Twitter 
  Facebook 
  LinkedIn 
  Instagram 
  Youtube 

 About us  
 Our mission, vision and values   
 Publications Office newsletter   

 Other services  
 EU law 
  EU tenders 
  EU research results 
  EU Whoiswho 
  EU Publications 

     Discover more on europa.eu   

 Contact the EU  
 Call us 00 800 6 7 8 9 10 11   
  Use other telephone options   
  Write us via our contact form   
  Meet us at one of the EU centres   

 Legal  
 Legal notice 
  Cookies 
  Accessibility 

 Social media  
 Search for EU social media channels   

 EU institutions  
 Search all EU institutions and bodies 
    
 EU Institutions  
 Search for EU institutions

77. ICDE_2 conference:
Skip to content        
   
 General Info | Important Dates 
  Organizing Committee 
  Research Program Committee 
  Industry and Applications Track Program Committee 
  Demonstration Track Program Committee 
  Diversity and Inclusion 
  Code of conduct 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Sponsors 
  Volunteers 
  Call for Contributions | Research Papers Track 
  Special Track 
  Industry and Applications Track 
  Workshops Track 
  Tutorial Proposals Track 
  Demonstration Track 
  TKDE Poster Session Track 
  Ph.D. Symposium 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Accepted Papers | Research Track 
  Industry and Applications Track 
  Tutorial Track 
  Demonstration Track 
  Ph.D. Symposium Track 
  Special Track 
  TKDE Poster Track 
  Keynotes 
  Diversity Program 
  Awards 
  Workshops | DECOR 2023 
  BDAFC 2023 
  DBML 2023 
  SMDB 2023 
  DASC 2023 
  ASTRIDE 2023 
  HardBD & Active 2023 
  Participate | Format and Registration 
  Student Travel Awards 
  Visa & Travel Info 
  Venue Information 
  Internet 

 General Info  
   Home 
  General Info 

 The 39th IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE 2023).  
 Homepage   
 Call for research papers   

 Tweets by icdeconf   

 © All right reserved  
 Event Star by Acme Themes    

 ×  Event Booking

78. COCOON_0 conference:
COCOON 2023 
  Conference Photos 
  Call for Papers 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Final Paper Submission 
  Conference Program 
  Registration 
  Accommodations 
  Contact Us 

  The 29th International Computing and Combinatorics Conference (COCOON 2023) will be held in Honolulu, Hawaii, USA during December 15-17, 2023. Normally, COCOON is held in summer. For 2023, we hope to have a face-to-face conference and hence give enough time for oversea participants to apply for a visa.   
 Important Date   
 Submission Due Date: June 30, 2023 23:59 CEST 
   Notification of Decision: August 15, 2023 23:59 CEST 
   Final Version Submission: August 31, 2023 23:59 CEST 
   Author Registration Due: August 31, 2023 23:59 CEST 
   Please send all concerns and questions to the COCOON 2023 email address:  
  [email protected]  .

79. ICDE_3 conference:
Skip to content        
   
 General Info | Important Dates 
  Organizing Committee 
  Research Program Committee 
  Industry and Applications Track Program Committee 
  Demonstration Track Program Committee 
  Diversity and Inclusion 
  Code of conduct 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Sponsors 
  Volunteers 
  Call for Contributions | Research Papers Track 
  Special Track 
  Industry and Applications Track 
  Workshops Track 
  Tutorial Proposals Track 
  Demonstration Track 
  TKDE Poster Session Track 
  Ph.D. Symposium 
  Program | Program Overview 
  Detailed Program 
  Accepted Papers | Research Track 
  Industry and Applications Track 
  Tutorial Track 
  Demonstration Track 
  Ph.D. Symposium Track 
  Special Track 
  TKDE Poster Track 
  Keynotes 
  Diversity Program 
  Awards 
  Workshops | DECOR 2023 
  BDAFC 2023 
  DBML 2023 
  SMDB 2023 
  DASC 2023 
  ASTRIDE 2023 
  HardBD & Active 2023 
  Participate | Format and Registration 
  Student Travel Awards 
  Visa & Travel Info 
  Venue Information 
  Internet 

 DBML 2023  
   Home 
  DBML 2023 

 International Workshop on Databases and Machine Learning (DBML 2023)  
     
 Visit DBML 2023   

 © All right reserved  
 Event Star by Acme Themes    

 ×  Event Booking

80. COCOON_1 conference:
COCOON 2023 
  Conference Photos 
  Call for Papers 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Final Paper Submission 
  Conference Program 
  Registration 
  Accommodations 
  Contact Us 
    
 Call for Papers  
  The 29th International Computing and Combinatorics Conference (COCOON 2023) will be held in Honolulu, Hawaii, USA during December 15-17, 2023. Normally, COCOON is held in summer. For 2023, we hope to have a face-to-face conference and hence give enough time for oversea participants to apply for a visa.  Original research papers in the areas of algorithms, theory of computation, computational complexity, and combinatorics related to computing are solicited. In addition to theoretical results, we are particularly interested in submissions that report on experimental and applied research of general algorithmic interest. Special consideration will be given to research that is motivated by real-world problems. Experimental and applied papers are expected to show convincingly the usefulness and efficiency of the algorithms discussed in a practical setting.  
 The conference proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science   series. The topics include, but are not limited to:  
 Algorithms and Data Structures 
  Algorithmic Game Theory and Online Algorithms 
  Automata, Languages, Logic, and Computability 
  Combinatorics Related to Algorithms and Complexity 
  Complexity Theory 
  Computational Learning Theory and Knowledge Discovery 
  Cryptography, Reliability and Security, and Database Theory 
  Computational Biology and Bioinformatics 
  Computational Algebra, Geometry, and Number Theory 
  Graph Drawing and Information Visualization 
  Graph Theory, Communication Networks, and Optimization 
  Parallel and Distributed Computing 
  Important Date   
 Submission Due Date: June 30, 2023 23:59 CEST 
   Notification of Decision: August 15, 2023 23:59 CEST 
   Final Version Submission: August 31, 2023 23:59 CEST 
   Author Registration Due: August 31, 2023 23:59 CEST 
   Paper Submission  
 The submission should contain scholarly exposition of ideas techniques, and results, including the motivation and a clear comparison with related work. The length of the submission should not exceed 12 pages in LNCS style (including references, but excluding the optional appendix). Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are available in Overleaf   .  
 Submitted papers must describe work not previously published. They must not be submitted simultaneously to any other conference with refereed proceedings or to journals. We regard the following case as a simultaneous submission. Submission of drafts which contain the essentially same results from papers under review in other conferences or journals at the moment of the submission. Only electronic PDF submission will be allowed via the Springer Online Conference System. Please submit your paper here   .  
 For the complete author guideline, please access Springer's official Springer_Instructions_for_Authors_of_Proceedings_CS.pdf   .  
 Publication  
 The conference proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Previous COCOON proceedings can be found through Previous COCOON Papers   .  
 After the conference selected papers will be published in special issues of journals: Journal of Combinatorial Optimization and Theoretical Computer Science.  
 Awards  
 The Best Paper and the Best Student Paper will be awarded. A paper is eligible for the Best Student Paper if all authors are full-time students at the time of submission. To indicate that a submission is eligible, please add the phrase "Eligible for best student paper" as the last sentence in the "Abstract" field in the web form on the submission server as well as in the paper.

81. DATA_3 conference:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Submit Abstract  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 DATA 2025 will be held in conjunction with ICSOFT 2025    , SIMULTECH 2025    , DeLTA 2025    , ICSBT 2025    , SECRYPT 2025    and IQSOFT 2025    .   
  Registration to DATA allows free access to the ICSOFT, SIMULTECH, DeLTA, ICSBT, SECRYPT and IQSOFT conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 Upcoming Submission Deadlines  
 Regular Paper Submission:  January 17, 2025    
 Position/Regular Paper Submission:  March 3, 2025    
  
  (See Important Dates for more information)    
 The purpose of the International Conference on Data Science, Technology and Applications (DATA) is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners interested on databases, big data, data mining, data management, data security and other aspects of information systems and technology involving advanced applications of data.    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Data Science & Machine Learning   
  
  2  .  Databases & Data Management   
  
  3  .  Data Engineering, Infrastructure and Business Applications   
  
  4  .  Data Analytics & Visualization   
  
  5  .  Data Privacy & Security, Ethics & Governance   
  
  6  .  Data in Industry and Emerging Trends in Data   

  Conference Chair    
 Slimane Hammoudi  ,  ESEO, ERIS, France   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Elhadj Benkhelifa  ,  Staffordshire University, United Kingdom   
  Xin-She Yang  ,  Middlesex University London, United Kingdom   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book  (final approval pending)  

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC

82. DEXA_0 conference:
Menu    Home 
  Conferences & Workshops | DEXA 2025 Conferences 
  DEXA 2025 Workshops 
  Past Conferences 
  Publications | DEXA @ DBLP 
  DAWAK @ DBLP 
  EGOVIS @ DBLP 
  DEXA @ Springer 
  DAWAK @ Springer 
  EGOVIS @ Springer 
  DEXA Workshops @ Springer 
  Contact 
  Steering Committee 

 Leading the Way in Information Technology for over 30 Years  

 News  
 DEXA 2025 | conferences and workshops will be held in Bangkok, Thailand from 25 - 27 August 2025 
   
  Over three decades ago, Prof. Dr. Roland Wagner  and Prof. Dr. A Min Tjoa  recognized the need for an international platform to address the rapidly growing fields of Databases and Expert Systems Applications. This vision gave birth to DEXA, a conference that began as a small gathering of innovative minds in Austria. Today, DEXA has evolved into a global event, attracting more than 5,000 participants—including distinguished speakers, researchers, developers, and industry experts—from around the world.  
 DEXA Organization  
 DEXA is organized by the DEXA Society  , a non-profit association dedicated to advancing knowledge in the field of information technology. In 2019, the leadership of DEXA transitioned to a collaboration between the Web Applications Society  (@WAS), the Institute of Telecooperation  at Johannes Kepler University Linz, and the Software Competence Center Hagenberg  (SCCH). This new partnership continues to uphold the founding vision, bringing cutting-edge research and technological advancements to the forefront.  
 DEXA Conferences & Workshops  
 DEXA and its associated conferences and workshops are internationally renowned events, serving as a hub for scientists, developers, and practitioners. Each year, they come together to exchange ideas, present groundbreaking research, and share practical development experiences. The events cover a wide range of advanced topics, including: Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning, Big Data Analytics & Knowledge Discovery, E-Government & Cyber-Physical Systems and Advanced Information Technologies.   
 Publications  
 Proceedings from DEXA conferences and workshops are published by Springer in their prestigious Lecture Notes in Computer Science  (LNCS) and Communications in Computer and Information Science  (CCIS) series. These publications provide a platform for the global scientific community to access the latest research and innovations presented at DEXA.   
    
 Whether you are a researcher, developer, scientist, or industry practitioner, DEXA offers a unique opportunity to engage with thought leaders, network with peers, and stay ahead of the curve in the ever-evolving landscape of information technology.   
   
 Be part of the future. Be part of DEXA  
   
 Publication  
   
   Endorsed and Sponsored by  

 Powered by Publii

83. DEXA_1 conference:
researchr 
   explore | Tags 
  Journals 
  Conferences 
  Authors 
  Profiles 
  Groups 
  calendar | New Conferences 
  Events 
  Deadlines 
  search  search 
    
   You are not signed in 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 
     External Links  
 DOI 
  DBLP 
   Google 
  Google Scholar 
  MSAS 
   Cite Key  
 dexa-2023-2 
    Statistics  
 References: 0 
  Cited by: 0 
  Reviews: 0 
  Bibliographies: 0 
       
  PDF  
 [Upload PDF for personal use] 
      
    Researchr  
 Researchr is a web site for finding, collecting, sharing, and reviewing scientific publications, for researchers by researchers.  
 Sign up  for an account to create a profile with publication list, tag and review your related work, and share bibliographies with your co-authors.  

    Database and Expert Systems Applications - 34th International Conference, DEXA 2023, Penang, Malaysia, August 28-30, 2023, Proceedings, Part II  
 Christine Strauss    , Toshiyuki Amagasa    , Gabriele Kotsis    , A Min Tjoa    , Ismail Khalil     , editors,  Database and Expert Systems Applications - 34th International Conference, DEXA 2023, Penang, Malaysia, August 28-30, 2023, Proceedings, Part II    .   Volume 14147 of Lecture Notes in Computer Science  , Springer, 2023.    [doi]     
 Conference: DEXA2023     
  Abstract 
   Authors 
   BibTeX 
   References 
   Bibliographies 
   Reviews 
   Related 
         
  Abstract  
 Abstract is missing.  
  
  Table of Contents  
 RD-Classifier: Reduced Dimensionality Classifier for Alzheimer's Diagnosis Support System | Soualihou Ngnamsie Njimbouom    , Gelany Aly Abdelkader    , Candra Zonyfar    , Hyun Lee    , Jeong-Dong Kim     . | 3-17 | [doi] 
   User Interaction-Aware Knowledge Graphs for Recommender Systems | Ru Wang    , Bingbing Dong    , Tianyang Li    , Meng Wu    , Chenyang Bu    , Xindong Wu 0001     . | 18-32 | [doi] 
   How Does the System Perceive Me? - A Transparent and Tunable Recommender System | Mingman Xu    , Qiong Chang    , Jun Miyazaki     . | 33-48 | [doi] 
   MERIHARI-Area Tour Planning by Considering Regional Characteristics | Sotaro Moritake    , Hidekazu Kasahara    , Qiang Ma 0001     . | 49-64 | [doi] 
   Financial Argument Quality Assessment in Earnings Conference Calls | Alaa Alhamzeh     . | 65-81 | [doi] 
   Explaining Decisions of Black-Box Models Using BARBE | Mohammad H. Motallebi    , Md Tanvir Alam Anik    , Osmar R. Zaïane     . | 82-97 | [doi] 
   Efficient Video Captioning with Frame Similarity-Based Filtering | Elyas Rashno    , Farhana H. Zulkernine     . | 98-112 | [doi] 
   Trace-Based Anomaly Detection with Contextual Sequential Invocations | Qingfeng Du    , Liang Zhao    , Fulong Tian    , Yongqi Han     . | 113-118 | [doi] 
   Fusing Fine-Grained Information of Sequential News for Personalized News Recommendation | Jin-cheng Zhang    , Azlan Mohd Zain    , Kai-qing Zhou    , Xi Chen 0003    , Renmin Zhang     . | 119-125 | [doi] 
   A Finite-Domain Constraint-Based Approach on the Stockyard Planning Problem | Sven Löffler    , Ilja Becker    , Petra Hofstedt     . | 126-133 | [doi] 
   Data Analytics Framework for Smart Waste Management Optimisation: A Key to Sustainable Future for Councils and Communities | Sabbir Ahmed    , Sameera Mubarak    , Santoso Wibowo    , Jia Tina Du     . | 134-139 | [doi] 
   Hierarchy-Aware Bilateral-Branch Network for Imbalanced Hierarchical Text Classification | Jiangjiang Zhao    , Jiyi Li    , Fumiyo Fukumoto     . | 143-157 | [doi] 
   Multi-Feature and Multi-Channel GCNs for Aspect Based Sentiment Analysis | Wenlong Xi    , Xiaoxi Huang    , Fumiyo Fukumoto    , Yoshimi Suzuki     . | 158-172 | [doi] 
   Knowledge Injection for Aspect-Based Sentiment Classification | Romany Dekker    , Danae Gielisse    , Chaya Jaggan    , Sander Meijers    , Flavius Frasincar     . | 173-187 | [doi] 
   Towards Ensemble-Based Imbalanced Text Classification Using Metric Learning | Takahiro Komamizu     . | 188-202 | [doi] 
   Target and Precursor Named Entities Recognition from Scientific Texts of High-Temperature Steel Using Deep Neural Network | M. Saef Ullah Miah    , Junaida Sulaiman    , Talha Bin Sarwar    , Imam Ul Ferdous    , Saima Sharleen Islam    , Md. Samiul Haque     . | 203-208 | [doi] 
   Enabling PII Discovery in Textual Data via Outlier Detection | Md. Rakibul Islam    , Anne V. D. M. Kayem    , Christoph Meinel     . | 209-216 | [doi] 
   An Efficient Embedding Framework for Uncertain Attribute Graph | Ting Jiang    , Ting Yu 0004    , Xueting Qiao    , Ji Zhang 0001     . | 219-229 | [doi] 
   Double-Layer Attention for Long Sequence Time-Series Forecasting | Jiasheng Ma    , Xiaoye Wang    , Yingyuan Xiao     . | 230-244 | [doi] 
   Multi-core Adaptive Merging of the Secondary Index for LSM-Based Stores | Wojciech Macyna    , Michal Kukowski    , Michal Zwarzko     . | 245-257 | [doi] 
   CAGAIN: Column Attention Generative Adversarial Imputation Networks | Jun Kawagoshi    , Yuyang Dong    , Takuma Nozawa    , Chuan Xiao 0001     . | 258-273 | [doi] 
   CF-SAFF: Collaborative Filtering Based on Self-attention Mechanism and Feature Fusion | Weixin Kong    , Xiaoye Wang    , Yingyuan Xiao     . | 274-288 | [doi] 
   Except-Condition Generative Adversarial Network for Generating Trajectory Data | Yeji Song    , Jihwan Shin    , Jinhyun Ahn    , Taewhi Lee    , Dong-Hyuk Im     . | 289-294 | [doi] 
   Next POIs Prediction for Group Recommendations: Influence-Based Deep Learning Model | Sayda Elmi    , Kian-Lee Tan     . | 295-309 | [doi] 
   Interpreting Deep Text Quantification Models | YunQi Bang    , Mohammed Khaleel    , Wallapak Tavanapong     . | 310-324 | [doi] 
   NExtGCN: Modeling Node Importance of Graph Convolution Network by Neighbor Excitation for Recommendation | Jingxue Zhang    , Ning Wu    , Changchun Yang     . | 325-330 | [doi] 
   Dual Congestion-Aware Route Planning for Tourists by Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning | Kong Yuntao    , Peng Chen    , Nguyen Minh Le 0001    , Qiang Ma 0001     . | 331-336 | [doi] 
   Subspace Clustering Technique Using Multi-objective Functions for Multi-class Categorical Data | Rahmah Brnawy    , Nematollaah Shiri     . | 337-343 | [doi] 
   Multi-task Graph Neural Network for Optimizing the Structure Fairness | Jiahui Wang    , Meng Li    , Fangshu Chen    , Xiankai Meng    , Chengcheng Yu     . | 347-362 | [doi] 
   Few-Shot Multi-label Aspect Category Detection Utilizing Prototypical Network with Sentence-Level Weighting and Label Augmentation | Zeyu Wang    , Mizuho Iwaihara     . | 363-377 | [doi] 
   Toward Healthy Aging: Temporal Regression for Disability Prediction and Warning Decision-Making | Jianfei Zhang    , Lifei Chen    , Shengrui Wang     . | 378-392 | [doi] 
   A Label Embedding Method via Conditional Covariance Maximization for Multi-label Classification | Dan Li    , Yunqian Li    , Jun Li    , Jianhua Xu     . | 393-407 | [doi] 
   Integrally Private Model Selection for Deep Neural Networks | Ayush K. Varshney    , Vicenç Torra     . | 408-422 | [doi] 
   Gaussian Process Component Mining with the Apriori Algorithm | Jan David Hüwel    , Christian Beecks     . | 423-429 | [doi] 
   Learnable Filter Components for Social Recommendation | Xiankun Zhang    , Wenjie Huang     . | 430-437 | [doi] 
   Efficient Machine Learning-Based Prediction of CYP450 Inhibition | Gelany Aly Abdelkader    , Soualihou Ngnamsie Njimbouom    , Prince Delator Gidiglo    , Tae-Jin Oh    , Jeong-Dong Kim     . | 438-444 | [doi] 
   A Machine-Learning Framework for Supporting Content Recommendation via User Feedback Data and Content Profiles in Content Managements Systems | Debashish Roy    , Chen (Cherie) Ding    , Alfredo Cuzzocrea    , Islam Belmerabet     . | 445-450 | [doi] 
   Fine-Tuning Pre-Trained Model for Consumer Fraud Detection from Consumer Reviews | Xingli Tang    , Keqi Li    , Liting Huang    , Hui Zhou    , Chunyang Ye     . | 451-456 | [doi] 
   Deep Multi-interaction Hidden Interest Evolution Network for Click-Through Rate Prediction | Zhongxing Zhang    , Qingbo Hao    , Yingyuan Xiao    , Wenguang Zheng     . | 457-462 | [doi] 
   Temporal Semantic Attention Network for Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis | Bin Yang    , Xinyang Tong    , Ying Xing    , Qi Shen    , Huiying Zhao    , Zhipu Xie     . | 463-468 | [doi] 
   Celestial Machine Learning - From Data to Mars and Beyond with AI Feynman | Zi-Yu Khoo    , Abel Yang    , Jonathan Sze Choong Low    , Stéphane Bressan     . | 469-474 | [doi] 

 About 
  Contact 
  Credits 
  Help 
  Web Service API 
  Blog 
  FAQ 
  Feedback 
    
 runs on Web  DSL

84. ICDT_0 conference:
DROPS 
  Series | LIPIcs – Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics 
  OASIcs – Open Access Series in Informatics 
  Dagstuhl Follow-Ups 
  Schloss Dagstuhl Jahresbericht 
   Discontinued Series 
  Journals | DARTS – Dagstuhl Artifacts Series 
  Dagstuhl Reports 
  Dagstuhl Manifestos 
  LITES – Leibniz Transactions on Embedded Systems 
  TGDK – Transactions on Graph Data and Knowledge 
  Conferences | AFT 
  AIB 
  AofA 
  APPROX 
  ATMOS 
  CALCO 
  CCC 
  CONCUR 
  COSIT 
  CP 
  CPM 
  CSL 
  DISC 
  DITAM 
  DNA 
  ECOOP 
  ECRTS 
  ESA 
  FAB 
  FMBC 
   FORC 
  FSCD 
  FSTTCS 
  FUN 
  GD 
  GIScience 
  ICALP 
  ICDT 
  ICPEC 
  IPEC 
  iPMVM 
  ISAAC 
  ITC 
  ITCS 
  ITP 
  LDK 
  MFCS 
  Microservices 
  NG-RES 
  OPODIS 
   PARMA 
  RANDOM 
  SAND 
  SAT 
  SEA 
  SLATE 
  SNAPL 
  SoCG 
  STACS 
  SWAT 
  TIME 
  Tokenomics 
  TQC 
  TYPES 
  WABI 
  WCET 
  Artifacts | Supplementary Materials (Software, Datasets, ...) 
  dblp Artifacts 
   DARTS (Evaluated Artifacts) 
        
  Metadata Export | Metadata Export 
  OAI Interface 

  Volume    Export XML 
  Export ACM-XML 
  Export DOAJ-XML 
  Export Schema.org 
  Export HTML 

  LIPIcs, Volume 255  
 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)  
   
  Part of: | Series: | Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) | Part of: | Conference: | International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT) 

 Event  
 ICDT 2023, March 28-31, 2023, Ioannina, Greece   
 Editors  
  Floris Geerts          
 University of Antwerp, Belgium 
    
  Brecht Vandevoort          
 UHasselt, Data Science Institute, ACSL, Diepenbeek, Belgium 

 Publication Details  
 published at: 2023-03-17 
  Publisher: Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik 
  ISBN: 978-3-95977-270-9 
  DBLP: | db/conf/icdt/icdt2023 

  Access Numbers  
 Detailed Access Statistics available here 
  Total Document Accesses (updated on a weekly basis): | 0   PDF Downloads   0   Metadata Views 

 Documents   
 No documents found matching your filter selection.   
  Document   
 Complete Volume   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023    

 LIPIcs, Volume 255, ICDT 2023, Complete Volume   
 Authors:  Floris Geerts and Brecht Vandevoort  
  Abstract    
 LIPIcs, Volume 255, ICDT 2023, Complete Volume   

  Cite as    
 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 1-466, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @Proceedings{geerts_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023 title = {{LIPIcs, Volume 255, ICDT 2023, Complete Volume}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {1--466}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177414}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023}, annote = {Keywords: LIPIcs, Volume 255, ICDT 2023, Complete Volume} }  @Proceedings{geerts_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023 title = {{LIPIcs, Volume 255, ICDT 2023, Complete Volume}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {1--466}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177414}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023}, annote = {Keywords: LIPIcs, Volume 255, ICDT 2023, Complete Volume} }    

  Document   
 Front Matter   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.0    

 Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization   
 Authors:  Floris Geerts and Brecht Vandevoort  
  Abstract    
 Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization   

  Cite as    
 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 0:i-0:xvi, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{geerts_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.0 author = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, title = {{Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {0:i--0:xvi}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.0}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177424}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.0}, annote = {Keywords: Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization} }  @InProceedings{geerts_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.0 author = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, title = {{Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {0:i--0:xvi}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.0}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177424}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.0}, annote = {Keywords: Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization} }    

  Document   
 Invited Talk   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.1    

 A Researcher’s Digest of GQL (Invited Talk)   
 Authors:  Nadime Francis, Amélie Gheerbrant, Paolo Guagliardo, Leonid Libkin, Victor Marsault, Wim Martens, Filip Murlak, Liat Peterfreund, Alexandra Rogova, and Domagoj Vrgoč  
  Abstract    
 GQL (Graph Query Language) is being developed as a new ISO standard for graph query languages to play the same role for graph databases as SQL plays for relational. In parallel, an extension of SQL for querying property graphs, SQL/PGQ, is added to the SQL standard; it shares the graph pattern matching functionality with GQL. Both standards (not yet published) are hard-to-understand specifications of hundreds of pages. The goal of this paper is to present a digest of the language that is easy for the research community to understand, and thus to initiate research on these future standards for querying graphs. The paper concentrates on pattern matching features shared by GQL and SQL/PGQ, as well as querying facilities of GQL.   

  Cite as    
 Nadime Francis, Amélie Gheerbrant, Paolo Guagliardo, Leonid Libkin, Victor Marsault, Wim Martens, Filip Murlak, Liat Peterfreund, Alexandra Rogova, and Domagoj Vrgoč. A Researcher’s Digest of GQL (Invited Talk). In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 1:1-1:22, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{francis_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.1 author = {Francis, Nadime and Gheerbrant, Am\'{e}lie and Guagliardo, Paolo and Libkin, Leonid and Marsault, Victor and Martens, Wim and Murlak, Filip and Peterfreund, Liat and Rogova, Alexandra and Vrgo\v{c}, Domagoj}, title = {{A Researcher’s Digest of GQL}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {1:1--1:22}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.1}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177434}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.1}, annote = {Keywords: GQL, Property Graph, Query Language, Graph Database, Pattern matching, Multi-Graph} }  @InProceedings{francis_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.1 author = {Francis, Nadime and Gheerbrant, Am\'{e}lie and Guagliardo, Paolo and Libkin, Leonid and Marsault, Victor and Martens, Wim and Murlak, Filip and Peterfreund, Liat and Rogova, Alexandra and Vrgo\v{c}, Domagoj}, title = {{A Researcher’s Digest of GQL}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {1:1--1:22}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.1}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177434}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.1}, annote = {Keywords: GQL, Property Graph, Query Language, Graph Database, Pattern matching, Multi-Graph} }    

  Document   
 Invited Talk   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.2    

 Compact Data Structures Meet Databases (Invited Talk)   
 Authors:  Gonzalo Navarro  
  Abstract    
 We describe two success stories on the application of compact data structures (cds) to solve the problem of the excessively redundant space requirements posed by worst-case-optimal (wco) algorithms for multijoins in databases, and particularly basic graph patterns on graph databases. The aim of cds is to represent the data and additional data structures on it, using total space close to that of the plain (and, sometimes, compressed) data, while efficiently simulating the data structure operations. Cds turn out to be a perfect approach for the described problem: We designed and implemented cds that effectively use space close to that of the plain or compressed data, which is orders of magnitude less than existing systems, while retaining worst-case optimality and performing competitively with those systems in query time, sometimes being even considerably faster.   

  Cite as    
 Gonzalo Navarro. Compact Data Structures Meet Databases (Invited Talk). In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 2:1-2:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{navarro:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.2 author = {Navarro, Gonzalo}, title = {{Compact Data Structures Meet Databases}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {2:1--2:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.2}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177446}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.2}, annote = {Keywords: succinct data structures, tries, multidimensional grids, text searching} }  @InProceedings{navarro:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.2 author = {Navarro, Gonzalo}, title = {{Compact Data Structures Meet Databases}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {2:1--2:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.2}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177446}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.2}, annote = {Keywords: succinct data structures, tries, multidimensional grids, text searching} }    

  Document   
 Invited Talk   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.3    

 Some Vignettes on Subgraph Counting Using Graph Orientations (Invited Talk)   
 Authors:  C. Seshadhri  
  Abstract    
 Subgraph counting is a fundamental problem that spans many areas in computer science: database theory, logic, network science, data mining, and complexity theory. Given a large input graph G and a small pattern graph H, we wish to count the number of occurrences of H in G. In recent times, there has been a resurgence on using an old (maybe overlooked?) technique of orienting the edges of G and H, and then using a combination of brute-force enumeration and indexing. These orientation techniques appear to give the best of both worlds. There is a rigorous theoretical explanation behind these techniques, and they also have excellent empirical behavior (on large real-world graphs). Time and again, graph orientations help solve subgraph counting problems in various computational models, be it sampling, streaming, distributed, etc. In this paper, we give some short vignettes on how the orientation technique solves a variety of algorithmic problems.   

  Cite as    
 C. Seshadhri. Some Vignettes on Subgraph Counting Using Graph Orientations (Invited Talk). In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 3:1-3:10, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{seshadhri:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.3 author = {Seshadhri, C.}, title = {{Some Vignettes on Subgraph Counting Using Graph Orientations}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {3:1--3:10}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.3}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177454}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.3}, annote = {Keywords: subgraph counting, graph degeneracy, homomorphism counting, graph algorithms} }  @InProceedings{seshadhri:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.3 author = {Seshadhri, C.}, title = {{Some Vignettes on Subgraph Counting Using Graph Orientations}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {3:1--3:10}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.3}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177454}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.3}, annote = {Keywords: subgraph counting, graph degeneracy, homomorphism counting, graph algorithms} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.4    

 Enumerating Subgraphs of Constant Sizes in External Memory   
 Authors:  Shiyuan Deng, Francesco Silvestri, and Yufei Tao  
  Abstract    
 We present an indivisible I/O-efficient algorithm for subgraph enumeration, where the objective is to list all the subgraphs of a massive graph G : = (V, E) that are isomorphic to a pattern graph Q having k = O(1) vertices. Our algorithm performs O((|E|^{k/2})/(M^{{k/2}-1} B) log_{M/B}(|E|/B) + (|E|^ρ)/(M^{ρ-1} B) I/Os with high probability, where ρ is the fractional edge covering number of Q (it always holds ρ ≥ k/2, regardless of Q), M is the number of words in (internal) memory, and B is the number of words in a disk block. Our solution is optimal in the class of indivisible algorithms for all pattern graphs with ρ > k/2. When ρ = k/2, our algorithm is still optimal as long as M/B ≥ (|E|/B)^ε for any constant ε > 0.   

  Cite as    
 Shiyuan Deng, Francesco Silvestri, and Yufei Tao. Enumerating Subgraphs of Constant Sizes in External Memory. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 4:1-4:20, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{deng_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.4 author = {Deng, Shiyuan and Silvestri, Francesco and Tao, Yufei}, title = {{Enumerating Subgraphs of Constant Sizes in External Memory}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {4:1--4:20}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.4}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177460}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.4}, annote = {Keywords: Subgraph Enumeration, Conjunctive Queries, External Memory, Algorithms} }  @InProceedings{deng_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.4 author = {Deng, Shiyuan and Silvestri, Francesco and Tao, Yufei}, title = {{Enumerating Subgraphs of Constant Sizes in External Memory}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {4:1--4:20}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.4}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177460}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.4}, annote = {Keywords: Subgraph Enumeration, Conjunctive Queries, External Memory, Algorithms} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.5    

 An Optimal Algorithm for Sliding Window Order Statistics   
 Authors:  Pavel Raykov  
  Abstract    
 Assume there is a data stream of elements and a window of size m. Sliding window algorithms compute various statistic functions over the last m elements of the data stream seen so far. The time complexity of a sliding window algorithm is measured as the time required to output an updated statistic function value every time a new element is read. For example, it is well known that computing the sliding window maximum/minimum has time complexity O(1) while computing the sliding window median has time complexity O(log m). In this paper we close the gap between these two cases by (1) presenting an algorithm for computing the sliding window k-th smallest element in O(log k) time and (2) prove that this time complexity is optimal.   

  Cite as    
 Pavel Raykov. An Optimal Algorithm for Sliding Window Order Statistics. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 5:1-5:13, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{raykov:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.5 author = {Raykov, Pavel}, title = {{An Optimal Algorithm for Sliding Window Order Statistics}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {5:1--5:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.5}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177479}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.5}, annote = {Keywords: sliding window, order statistics, median, selection algorithms} }  @InProceedings{raykov:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.5 author = {Raykov, Pavel}, title = {{An Optimal Algorithm for Sliding Window Order Statistics}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {5:1--5:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.5}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177479}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.5}, annote = {Keywords: sliding window, order statistics, median, selection algorithms} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.6    

 Space-Query Tradeoffs in Range Subgraph Counting and Listing   
 Authors:  Shiyuan Deng, Shangqi Lu, and Yufei Tao  
  Abstract    
 This paper initializes the study of range subgraph counting and range subgraph listing, both of which are motivated by the significant demands in practice to perform graph analytics on subgraphs pertinent to only selected, as opposed to all, vertices. In the first problem, there is an undirected graph G where each vertex carries a real-valued attribute. Given an interval q and a pattern Q, a query counts the number of occurrences of Q in the subgraph of G induced by the vertices whose attributes fall in q. The second problem has the same setup except that a query needs to enumerate (rather than count) those occurrences with a small delay. In both problems, our goal is to understand the tradeoff between space usage and query cost, or more specifically: (i) given a target on query efficiency, how much pre-computed information about G must we store? (ii) Or conversely, given a budget on space usage, what is the best query time we can hope for? We establish a suite of upper- and lower-bound results on such tradeoffs for various query patterns.   

  Cite as    
 Shiyuan Deng, Shangqi Lu, and Yufei Tao. Space-Query Tradeoffs in Range Subgraph Counting and Listing. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 6:1-6:25, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{deng_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.6 author = {Deng, Shiyuan and Lu, Shangqi and Tao, Yufei}, title = {{Space-Query Tradeoffs in Range Subgraph Counting and Listing}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {6:1--6:25}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.6}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177484}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.6}, annote = {Keywords: Subgraph Pattern Counting, Subgraph Pattern Listing, Conjunctive Queries} }  @InProceedings{deng_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.6 author = {Deng, Shiyuan and Lu, Shangqi and Tao, Yufei}, title = {{Space-Query Tradeoffs in Range Subgraph Counting and Listing}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {6:1--6:25}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.6}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177484}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.6}, annote = {Keywords: Subgraph Pattern Counting, Subgraph Pattern Listing, Conjunctive Queries} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.7    

 Constant-Delay Enumeration for SLP-Compressed Documents   
 Authors:  Martín Muñoz and Cristian Riveros  
  Abstract    
 We study the problem of enumerating results from a query over a compressed document. The model we use for compression are straight-line programs (SLPs), which are defined by a context-free grammar that produces a single string. For our queries we use a model called Annotated Automata, an extension of regular automata that allows annotations on letters. This model extends the notion of Regular Spanners as it allows arbitrarily long outputs. Our main result is an algorithm which evaluates such a query by enumerating all results with output-linear delay after a preprocessing phase which takes linear time on the size of the SLP, and cubic time over the size of the automaton. This is an improvement over Schmid and Schweikardt’s result [Markus L. Schmid and Nicole Schweikardt, 2021], which, with the same preprocessing time, enumerates with a delay which is logarithmic on the size of the uncompressed document. We achieve this through a persistent data structure named Enumerable Compact Sets with Shifts which guarantees output-linear delay under certain restrictions. These results imply constant-delay enumeration algorithms in the context of regular spanners. Further, we use an extension of annotated automata which utilizes succinctly encoded annotations to save an exponential factor from previous results that dealt with constant-delay enumeration over vset automata. Lastly, we extend our results in the same fashion Schmid and Schweikardt did [Markus L. Schmid and Nicole Schweikardt, 2022] to allow complex document editing while maintaining the constant-delay guarantee.   

  Cite as    
 Martín Muñoz and Cristian Riveros. Constant-Delay Enumeration for SLP-Compressed Documents. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 7:1-7:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{munoz_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.7 author = {Mu\~{n}oz, Mart{\'\i}n and Riveros, Cristian}, title = {{Constant-Delay Enumeration for SLP-Compressed Documents}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {7:1--7:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.7}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177495}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.7}, annote = {Keywords: SLP compression, query evaluation, enumeration algorithms} }  @InProceedings{munoz_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.7 author = {Mu\~{n}oz, Mart{\'\i}n and Riveros, Cristian}, title = {{Constant-Delay Enumeration for SLP-Compressed Documents}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {7:1--7:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.7}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177495}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.7}, annote = {Keywords: SLP compression, query evaluation, enumeration algorithms} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.8    

 Degree Sequence Bound for Join Cardinality Estimation   
 Authors:  Kyle Deeds, Dan Suciu, Magda Balazinska, and Walter Cai  
  Abstract    
 Recent work has demonstrated the catastrophic effects of poor cardinality estimates on query processing time. In particular, underestimating query cardinality can result in overly optimistic query plans which take orders of magnitude longer to complete than one generated with the true cardinality. Cardinality bounding avoids this pitfall by computing an upper bound on the query’s output size using statistics about the database such as table sizes and degrees, i.e. value frequencies. In this paper, we extend this line of work by proving a novel bound called the Degree Sequence Bound which takes into account the full degree sequences and the max tuple multiplicity. This work focuses on the important class of Berge-Acyclic queries for which the Degree Sequence Bound is tight. Further, we describe how to practically compute this bound using a functional approximation of the true degree sequences and prove that even this functional form improves upon previous bounds.   

  Cite as    
 Kyle Deeds, Dan Suciu, Magda Balazinska, and Walter Cai. Degree Sequence Bound for Join Cardinality Estimation. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 8:1-8:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{deeds_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.8 author = {Deeds, Kyle and Suciu, Dan and Balazinska, Magda and Cai, Walter}, title = {{Degree Sequence Bound for Join Cardinality Estimation}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {8:1--8:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.8}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177508}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.8}, annote = {Keywords: Cardinality Estimation, Cardinality Bounding, Degree Bounds, Functional Approximation, Query Planning, Berge-Acyclic Queries} }  @InProceedings{deeds_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.8 author = {Deeds, Kyle and Suciu, Dan and Balazinska, Magda and Cai, Walter}, title = {{Degree Sequence Bound for Join Cardinality Estimation}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {8:1--8:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.8}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177508}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.8}, annote = {Keywords: Cardinality Estimation, Cardinality Bounding, Degree Bounds, Functional Approximation, Query Planning, Berge-Acyclic Queries} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.9    

 Absolute Expressiveness of Subgraph-Based Centrality Measures   
 Authors:  Andreas Pieris and Jorge Salas  
  Abstract    
 In graph-based applications, a common task is to pinpoint the most important or "central" vertex in a (directed or undirected) graph, or rank the vertices of a graph according to their importance. To this end, a plethora of so-called centrality measures have been proposed in the literature. Such measures assess which vertices in a graph are the most important ones by analyzing the structure of the underlying graph. A family of centrality measures that are suited for graph databases has been recently proposed by relying on the following simple principle: the importance of a vertex in a graph is relative to the number of "relevant" connected subgraphs surrounding it; we refer to the members of this family as subgraph-based centrality measures. Although it has been shown that such measures enjoy several favourable properties, their absolute expressiveness remains largely unexplored. The goal of this work is to precisely characterize the absolute expressiveness of the family of subgraph-based centrality measures by considering both directed and undirected graphs. To this end, we characterize when an arbitrary centrality measure is a subgraph-based one, or a subgraph-based measure relative to the induced ranking. These characterizations provide us with technical tools that allow us to determine whether well-established centrality measures are subgraph-based. Such a classification, apart from being interesting in its own right, gives useful insights on the structural similarities and differences among existing centrality measures.   

  Cite as    
 Andreas Pieris and Jorge Salas. Absolute Expressiveness of Subgraph-Based Centrality Measures. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 9:1-9:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{pieris_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.9 author = {Pieris, Andreas and Salas, Jorge}, title = {{Absolute Expressiveness of Subgraph-Based Centrality Measures}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {9:1--9:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.9}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177516}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.9}, annote = {Keywords: Graph centrality measures, ranking, expressiveness} }  @InProceedings{pieris_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.9 author = {Pieris, Andreas and Salas, Jorge}, title = {{Absolute Expressiveness of Subgraph-Based Centrality Measures}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {9:1--9:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.9}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177516}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.9}, annote = {Keywords: Graph centrality measures, ranking, expressiveness} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.10    

 Diversity of Answers to Conjunctive Queries   
 Authors:  Timo Camillo Merkl, Reinhard Pichler, and Sebastian Skritek  
  Abstract    
 Enumeration problems aim at outputting, without repetition, the set of solutions to a given problem instance. However, outputting the entire solution set may be prohibitively expensive if it is too big. In this case, outputting a small, sufficiently diverse subset of the solutions would be preferable. This leads to the Diverse-version of the original enumeration problem, where the goal is to achieve a certain level d of diversity by selecting k solutions. In this paper, we look at the Diverse-version of the query answering problem for Conjunctive Queries and extensions thereof. That is, we study the problem if it is possible to achieve a certain level d of diversity by selecting k answers to the given query and, in the positive case, to actually compute such k answers.   

  Cite as    
 Timo Camillo Merkl, Reinhard Pichler, and Sebastian Skritek. Diversity of Answers to Conjunctive Queries. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 10:1-10:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{merkl_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.10 author = {Merkl, Timo Camillo and Pichler, Reinhard and Skritek, Sebastian}, title = {{Diversity of Answers to Conjunctive Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {10:1--10:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.10}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177529}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.10}, annote = {Keywords: Query Answering, Diversity of Solutions, Complexity, Algorithms} }  @InProceedings{merkl_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.10 author = {Merkl, Timo Camillo and Pichler, Reinhard and Skritek, Sebastian}, title = {{Diversity of Answers to Conjunctive Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {10:1--10:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.10}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177529}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.10}, annote = {Keywords: Query Answering, Diversity of Solutions, Complexity, Algorithms} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.11    

 The Complexity of the Shapley Value for Regular Path Queries   
 Authors:  Majd Khalil and Benny Kimelfeld  
  Abstract    
 A path query extracts vertex tuples from a labeled graph, based on the words that are formed by the paths connecting the vertices. We study the computational complexity of measuring the contribution of edges and vertices to an answer to a path query, focusing on the class of conjunctive regular path queries. To measure this contribution, we adopt the traditional Shapley value from cooperative game theory. This value has been recently proposed and studied in the context of relational database queries and has uses in a plethora of other domains. We first study the contribution of edges and show that the exact Shapley value is almost always hard to compute. Specifically, it is #P-hard to calculate the contribution of an edge whenever at least one (non-redundant) conjunct allows for a word of length three or more. In the case of regular path queries (i.e., no conjunction), the problem is tractable if the query has only words of length at most two; hence, this property fully characterizes the tractability of the problem. On the other hand, if we allow for an approximation error, then it is straightforward to obtain an efficient scheme (FPRAS) for an additive approximation. Yet, a multiplicative approximation is harder to obtain. We establish that in the case of conjunctive regular path queries, a multiplicative approximation of the Shapley value of an edge can be computed in polynomial time if and only if all query atoms are finite languages (assuming non-redundancy and conventional complexity limitations). We also study the analogous situation where we wish to determine the contribution of a vertex, rather than an edge, and establish complexity results of similar nature.   

  Cite as    
 Majd Khalil and Benny Kimelfeld. The Complexity of the Shapley Value for Regular Path Queries. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 11:1-11:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{khalil_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.11 author = {Khalil, Majd and Kimelfeld, Benny}, title = {{The Complexity of the Shapley Value for Regular Path Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {11:1--11:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.11}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177535}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.11}, annote = {Keywords: Path queries, regular path queries, graph databases, Shapley value} }  @InProceedings{khalil_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.11 author = {Khalil, Majd and Kimelfeld, Benny}, title = {{The Complexity of the Shapley Value for Regular Path Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {11:1--11:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.11}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177535}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.11}, annote = {Keywords: Path queries, regular path queries, graph databases, Shapley value} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.12    

 How Do Centrality Measures Choose the Root of Trees?   
 Authors:  Cristian Riveros, Jorge Salas, and Oskar Skibski  
  Abstract    
 Centrality measures are widely used to assign importance to graph-structured data. Recently, understanding the principles of such measures has attracted a lot of attention. Given that measures are diverse, this research has usually focused on classes of centrality measures. In this work, we provide a different approach by focusing on classes of graphs instead of classes of measures to understand the underlying principles among various measures. More precisely, we study the class of trees. We observe that even in the case of trees, there is no consensus on which node should be selected as the most central. To analyze the behavior of centrality measures on trees, we introduce a property of tree rooting that states a measure selects one or two adjacent nodes as the most important, and the importance decreases from them in all directions. This property is satisfied by closeness centrality but violated by PageRank. We show that, for several centrality measures that root trees, the comparison of adjacent nodes can be inferred by potential functions that assess the quality of trees. We use these functions to give fundamental insights on rooting and derive a characterization explaining why some measure root trees. Moreover, we provide an almost linear time algorithm to compute the root of a graph by using potential functions. Finally, using a family of potential functions, we show that many ways of tree rooting exist with desirable properties.   

  Cite as    
 Cristian Riveros, Jorge Salas, and Oskar Skibski. How Do Centrality Measures Choose the Root of Trees?. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 12:1-12:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{riveros_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.12 author = {Riveros, Cristian and Salas, Jorge and Skibski, Oskar}, title = {{How Do Centrality Measures Choose the Root of Trees?}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {12:1--12:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.12}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177545}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.12}, annote = {Keywords: Databases, centrality measures, data centrality, graph theory, tree structures} }  @InProceedings{riveros_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.12 author = {Riveros, Cristian and Salas, Jorge and Skibski, Oskar}, title = {{How Do Centrality Measures Choose the Root of Trees?}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {12:1--12:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.12}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177545}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.12}, annote = {Keywords: Databases, centrality measures, data centrality, graph theory, tree structures} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.13    

 Size Bounds and Algorithms for Conjunctive Regular Path Queries   
 Authors:  Tamara Cucumides, Juan Reutter, and Domagoj Vrgoč  
  Abstract    
 Conjunctive regular path queries (CRPQs) are one of the core classes of queries over graph databases. They are join intensive, inheriting their structure from the relational setting, but they also allow arbitrary length paths to connect points that are to be joined. However, despite their popularity, little is known about what are the best algorithms for processing CRPQs. We focus on worst-case optimal algorithms, which are algorithms that run in time bounded by the worst-case output size of queries, and have been recently deployed for simpler graph queries with very promising results. We show that the famous bound on the number of query results by Atserias, Grohe and Marx can be extended to CRPQs, but to obtain tight bounds one needs to work with slightly stronger cardinality profiles. We also discuss what algorithms follow from our analysis. If one pays the cost for fully materializing graph queries, then the techniques developed for conjunctive queries can be reused. If, on the other hand, one imposes constraint on the working memory of algorithms, then worst-case optimal algorithms must be adapted with care: the order of variables in which queries are processed can have striking implications on the running time of queries.   

  Cite as    
 Tamara Cucumides, Juan Reutter, and Domagoj Vrgoč. Size Bounds and Algorithms for Conjunctive Regular Path Queries. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 13:1-13:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{cucumides_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.13 author = {Cucumides, Tamara and Reutter, Juan and Vrgo\v{c}, Domagoj}, title = {{Size Bounds and Algorithms for Conjunctive Regular Path Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {13:1--13:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.13}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177552}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.13}, annote = {Keywords: graph databases, regular path queries, worst-case optimal algorithms} }  @InProceedings{cucumides_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.13 author = {Cucumides, Tamara and Reutter, Juan and Vrgo\v{c}, Domagoj}, title = {{Size Bounds and Algorithms for Conjunctive Regular Path Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {13:1--13:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.13}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177552}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.13}, annote = {Keywords: graph databases, regular path queries, worst-case optimal algorithms} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.14    

 Uniform Reliability for Unbounded Homomorphism-Closed Graph Queries   
 Authors:  Antoine Amarilli  
  Abstract    
 We study the uniform query reliability problem, which asks, for a fixed Boolean query Q, given an instance I, how many subinstances of I satisfy Q. Equivalently, this is a restricted case of Boolean query evaluation on tuple-independent probabilistic databases where all facts must have probability 1/2. We focus on graph signatures, and on queries closed under homomorphisms. We show that for any such query that is unbounded, i.e., not equivalent to a union of conjunctive queries, the uniform reliability problem is #P-hard. This recaptures the hardness, e.g., of s-t connectedness, which counts how many subgraphs of an input graph have a path between a source and a sink. This new hardness result on uniform reliability strengthens our earlier hardness result on probabilistic query evaluation for unbounded homomorphism-closed queries [Amarilli and Ceylan, 2021]. Indeed, our earlier proof crucially used facts with probability 1, so it did not apply to the unweighted case. The new proof presented in this paper avoids this; it uses our recent hardness result on uniform reliability for non-hierarchical conjunctive queries without self-joins [Antoine Amarilli and Benny Kimelfeld, 2022], along with new techniques.   

  Cite as    
 Antoine Amarilli. Uniform Reliability for Unbounded Homomorphism-Closed Graph Queries. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 14:1-14:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{amarilli:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.14 author = {Amarilli, Antoine}, title = {{Uniform Reliability for Unbounded Homomorphism-Closed Graph Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {14:1--14:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.14}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177566}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.14}, annote = {Keywords: Uniform reliability, #P-hardness, probabilistic databases} }  @InProceedings{amarilli:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.14 author = {Amarilli, Antoine}, title = {{Uniform Reliability for Unbounded Homomorphism-Closed Graph Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {14:1--14:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.14}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177566}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.14}, annote = {Keywords: Uniform reliability, #P-hardness, probabilistic databases} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.15    

 Approximation and Semantic Tree-Width of Conjunctive Regular Path Queries   
 Authors:  Diego Figueira and Rémi Morvan  
  Abstract    
 We show that the problem of whether a query is equivalent to a query of tree-width k is decidable, for the class of Unions of Conjunctive Regular Path Queries with two-way navigation (UC2RPQs). A previous result by Barceló, Romero, and Vardi [Pablo Barceló et al., 2016] has shown decidability for the case k = 1, and here we show that decidability in fact holds for any arbitrary k > 1. The algorithm is in 2ExpSpace, but for the restricted but practically relevant case where all regular expressions of the query are of the form a^* or (a_1 + ... + a_n) we show that the complexity of the problem drops to Π^p_2. We also investigate the related problem of approximating a UC2RPQ by queries of small tree-width. We exhibit an algorithm which, for any fixed number k, builds the maximal under-approximation of tree-width k of a UC2RPQ. The maximal under-approximation of tree-width k of a query q is a query q' of tree-width k which is contained in q in a maximal and unique way, that is, such that for every query q'' of tree-width k, if q'' is contained in q then q'' is also contained in q'.   

  Cite as    
 Diego Figueira and Rémi Morvan. Approximation and Semantic Tree-Width of Conjunctive Regular Path Queries. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 15:1-15:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{figueira_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.15 author = {Figueira, Diego and Morvan, R\'{e}mi}, title = {{Approximation and Semantic Tree-Width of Conjunctive Regular Path Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {15:1--15:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.15}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177575}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.15}, annote = {Keywords: graph databases, conjunctive regular path queries, semantic optimization, tree-width, containment, approximation} }  @InProceedings{figueira_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.15 author = {Figueira, Diego and Morvan, R\'{e}mi}, title = {{Approximation and Semantic Tree-Width of Conjunctive Regular Path Queries}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {15:1--15:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.15}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177575}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.15}, annote = {Keywords: graph databases, conjunctive regular path queries, semantic optimization, tree-width, containment, approximation} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.16    

 Work-Efficient Query Evaluation with PRAMs   
 Authors:  Jens Keppeler, Thomas Schwentick, and Christopher Spinrath  
  Abstract    
 The paper studies query evaluation in parallel constant time in the PRAM model. While it is well-known that all relational algebra queries can be evaluated in constant time on an appropriate CRCW-PRAM, this paper is interested in the efficiency of evaluation algorithms, that is, in the number of processors or, asymptotically equivalent, in the work. Naive evaluation in the parallel setting results in huge (polynomial) bounds on the work of such algorithms and in presentations of the result sets that can be extremely scattered in memory. The paper first discusses some obstacles for constant time PRAM query evaluation. It presents algorithms for relational operators that are considerably more efficient than the naive approaches. Further it explores three settings, in which efficient sequential query evaluation algorithms exist: acyclic queries, semi-join algebra queries, and join queries - the latter in the worst-case optimal framework. Under natural assumptions on the representation of the database, the work of the given algorithms matches the best sequential algorithms in the case of semi-join queries, and it comes close in the other two settings. An important tool is the compaction technique from Hagerup (1992).   

  Cite as    
 Jens Keppeler, Thomas Schwentick, and Christopher Spinrath. Work-Efficient Query Evaluation with PRAMs. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 16:1-16:20, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{keppeler_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.16 author = {Keppeler, Jens and Schwentick, Thomas and Spinrath, Christopher}, title = {{Work-Efficient Query Evaluation with PRAMs}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {16:1--16:20}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.16}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177589}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.16}, annote = {Keywords: PRAM, query evaluation, work-efficient, parallel, acyclic queries, free-connex queries} }  @InProceedings{keppeler_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.16 author = {Keppeler, Jens and Schwentick, Thomas and Spinrath, Christopher}, title = {{Work-Efficient Query Evaluation with PRAMs}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {16:1--16:20}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.16}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177589}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.16}, annote = {Keywords: PRAM, query evaluation, work-efficient, parallel, acyclic queries, free-connex queries} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.17    

 Conjunctive Queries with Free Access Patterns Under Updates   
 Authors:  Ahmet Kara, Milos Nikolic, Dan Olteanu, and Haozhe Zhang  
  Abstract    
 We study the problem of answering conjunctive queries with free access patterns under updates. A free access pattern is a partition of the free variables of the query into input and output. The query returns tuples over the output variables given a tuple of values over the input variables. We introduce a fully dynamic evaluation approach for such queries. We also give a syntactic characterisation of those queries that admit constant time per single-tuple update and whose output tuples can be enumerated with constant delay given an input tuple. Finally, we chart the complexity trade-off between the preprocessing time, update time and enumeration delay for such queries. For a class of queries, our approach achieves optimal, albeit non-constant, update time and delay. Their optimality is predicated on the Online Matrix-Vector Multiplication conjecture. Our results recover prior work on the dynamic evaluation of conjunctive queries without access patterns.   

  Cite as    
 Ahmet Kara, Milos Nikolic, Dan Olteanu, and Haozhe Zhang. Conjunctive Queries with Free Access Patterns Under Updates. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 17:1-17:20, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{kara_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.17 author = {Kara, Ahmet and Nikolic, Milos and Olteanu, Dan and Zhang, Haozhe}, title = {{Conjunctive Queries with Free Access Patterns Under Updates}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {17:1--17:20}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.17}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177599}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.17}, annote = {Keywords: fully dynamic algorithm, enumeration delay, complexity trade-off, dichotomy} }  @InProceedings{kara_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.17 author = {Kara, Ahmet and Nikolic, Milos and Olteanu, Dan and Zhang, Haozhe}, title = {{Conjunctive Queries with Free Access Patterns Under Updates}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {17:1--17:20}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.17}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177599}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.17}, annote = {Keywords: fully dynamic algorithm, enumeration delay, complexity trade-off, dichotomy} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.18    

 Finite-Cliquewidth Sets of Existential Rules: Toward a General Criterion for Decidable yet Highly Expressive Querying   
 Authors:  Thomas Feller, Tim S. Lyon, Piotr Ostropolski-Nalewaja, and Sebastian Rudolph  
  Abstract    
 In our pursuit of generic criteria for decidable ontology-based querying, we introduce finite-cliquewidth sets (fcs) of existential rules, a model-theoretically defined class of rule sets, inspired by the cliquewidth measure from graph theory. By a generic argument, we show that fcs ensures decidability of entailment for a sizable class of queries (dubbed DaMSOQs) subsuming conjunctive queries (CQs). The fcs class properly generalizes the class of finite-expansion sets (fes), and for signatures of arity ≤ 2, the class of bounded-treewidth sets (bts). For higher arities, bts is only indirectly subsumed by fcs by means of reification. Despite the generality of fcs, we provide a rule set with decidable CQ entailment (by virtue of first-order-rewritability) that falls outside fcs, thus demonstrating the incomparability of fcs and the class of finite-unification sets (fus). In spite of this, we show that if we restrict ourselves to single-headed rule sets over signatures of arity ≤ 2, then fcs subsumes fus.   

  Cite as    
 Thomas Feller, Tim S. Lyon, Piotr Ostropolski-Nalewaja, and Sebastian Rudolph. Finite-Cliquewidth Sets of Existential Rules: Toward a General Criterion for Decidable yet Highly Expressive Querying. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 18:1-18:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{feller_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.18 author = {Feller, Thomas and Lyon, Tim S. and Ostropolski-Nalewaja, Piotr and Rudolph, Sebastian}, title = {{Finite-Cliquewidth Sets of Existential Rules: Toward a General Criterion for Decidable yet Highly Expressive Querying}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {18:1--18:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.18}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177602}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.18}, annote = {Keywords: existential rules, TGDs, cliquewidth, treewidth, bounded-treewidth sets, finite-unification sets, first-order rewritability, monadic second-order logic, datalog} }  @InProceedings{feller_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.18 author = {Feller, Thomas and Lyon, Tim S. and Ostropolski-Nalewaja, Piotr and Rudolph, Sebastian}, title = {{Finite-Cliquewidth Sets of Existential Rules: Toward a General Criterion for Decidable yet Highly Expressive Querying}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {18:1--18:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.18}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177602}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.18}, annote = {Keywords: existential rules, TGDs, cliquewidth, treewidth, bounded-treewidth sets, finite-unification sets, first-order rewritability, monadic second-order logic, datalog} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.19    

 Generalizing Greenwald-Khanna Streaming Quantile Summaries for Weighted Inputs   
 Authors:  Sepehr Assadi, Nirmit Joshi, Milind Prabhu, and Vihan Shah  
  Abstract    
 Estimating quantiles, like the median or percentiles, is a fundamental task in data mining and data science. A (streaming) quantile summary is a data structure that can process a set S of n elements in a streaming fashion and at the end, for any ϕ ∈ (0,1], return a ϕ-quantile of S up to an ε error, i.e., return a ϕ'-quantile with ϕ' = ϕ ± ε. We are particularly interested in comparison-based summaries that only compare elements of the universe under a total ordering and are otherwise completely oblivious of the universe. The best known deterministic quantile summary is the 20-year old Greenwald-Khanna (GK) summary that uses O((1/ε) log{(ε n)}) space [SIGMOD'01]. This bound was recently proved to be optimal for all deterministic comparison-based summaries by Cormode and Vesleý [PODS'20]. In this paper, we study weighted quantiles, a generalization of the quantiles problem, where each element arrives with a positive integer weight which denotes the number of copies of that element being inserted. The only known method of handling weighted inputs via GK summaries is the naive approach of breaking each weighted element into multiple unweighted items, and feeding them one by one to the summary, which results in a prohibitively large update time (proportional to the maximum weight of input elements). We give the first non-trivial extension of GK summaries for weighted inputs and show that it takes O((1/ε) log(εn)) space and O(log(1/ε)+log log(εn)) update time per element to process a stream of length n (under some quite mild assumptions on the range of weights and ε). En route to this, we also simplify the original GK summaries for unweighted quantiles.   

  Cite as    
 Sepehr Assadi, Nirmit Joshi, Milind Prabhu, and Vihan Shah. Generalizing Greenwald-Khanna Streaming Quantile Summaries for Weighted Inputs. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 19:1-19:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{assadi_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.19 author = {Assadi, Sepehr and Joshi, Nirmit and Prabhu, Milind and Shah, Vihan}, title = {{Generalizing Greenwald-Khanna Streaming Quantile Summaries for Weighted Inputs}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {19:1--19:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.19}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177618}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.19}, annote = {Keywords: Streaming algorithms, Quantile summaries, Rank estimation} }  @InProceedings{assadi_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.19 author = {Assadi, Sepehr and Joshi, Nirmit and Prabhu, Milind and Shah, Vihan}, title = {{Generalizing Greenwald-Khanna Streaming Quantile Summaries for Weighted Inputs}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {19:1--19:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.19}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177618}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.19}, annote = {Keywords: Streaming algorithms, Quantile summaries, Rank estimation} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.20    

 Probabilistic Query Evaluation with Bag Semantics   
 Authors:  Martin Grohe, Peter Lindner, and Christoph Standke  
  Abstract    
 We initiate the study of probabilistic query evaluation under bag semantics where tuples are allowed to be present with duplicates. We focus on self-join free conjunctive queries, and probabilistic databases where occurrences of different facts are independent, which is the natural generalization of tuple-independent probabilistic databases to the bag semantics setting. For set semantics, the data complexity of this problem is well understood, even for the more general class of unions of conjunctive queries: it is either in polynomial time, or #P-hard, depending on the query (Dalvi & Suciu, JACM 2012). Due to potentially unbounded multiplicities, the bag probabilistic databases we discuss are no longer finite objects, which requires a treatment of representation mechanisms. Moreover, the answer to a Boolean query is a probability distribution over non-negative integers, rather than a probability distribution over {true, false}. Therefore, we discuss two flavors of probabilistic query evaluation: computing expectations of answer tuple multiplicities, and computing the probability that a tuple is contained in the answer at most k times for some parameter k. Subject to mild technical assumptions on the representation systems, it turns out that expectations are easy to compute, even for unions of conjunctive queries. For query answer probabilities, we obtain a dichotomy between solvability in polynomial time and #P-hardness for self-join free conjunctive queries.   

  Cite as    
 Martin Grohe, Peter Lindner, and Christoph Standke. Probabilistic Query Evaluation with Bag Semantics. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 20:1-20:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{grohe_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.20 author = {Grohe, Martin and Lindner, Peter and Standke, Christoph}, title = {{Probabilistic Query Evaluation with Bag Semantics}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {20:1--20:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.20}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177636}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.20}, annote = {Keywords: Probabilistic Query Evaluation, Probabilistic Databases, Bag Semantics} }  @InProceedings{grohe_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.20 author = {Grohe, Martin and Lindner, Peter and Standke, Christoph}, title = {{Probabilistic Query Evaluation with Bag Semantics}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {20:1--20:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.20}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177636}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.20}, annote = {Keywords: Probabilistic Query Evaluation, Probabilistic Databases, Bag Semantics} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.21    

 On Efficient Range-Summability of IID Random Variables in Two or Higher Dimensions   
 Authors:  Jingfan Meng, Huayi Wang, Jun Xu, and Mitsunori Ogihara  
  Abstract    
 d-dimensional (for d > 1) efficient range-summability (dD-ERS) of random variables (RVs) is a fundamental algorithmic problem that has applications to two important families of database problems, namely, fast approximate wavelet tracking (FAWT) on data streams and approximately answering range-sum queries over a data cube. Whether there are efficient solutions to the dD-ERS problem, or to the latter database problem, have been two long-standing open problems. Both are solved in this work. Specifically, we propose a novel solution framework to dD-ERS on RVs that have Gaussian or Poisson distribution. Our dD-ERS solutions are the first ones that have polylogarithmic time complexities. Furthermore, we develop a novel k-wise independence theory that allows our dD-ERS solutions to have both high computational efficiencies and strong provable independence guarantees. Finally, we show that under a sufficient and likely necessary condition, certain existing solutions for 1D-ERS can be generalized to higher dimensions.   

  Cite as    
 Jingfan Meng, Huayi Wang, Jun Xu, and Mitsunori Ogihara. On Efficient Range-Summability of IID Random Variables in Two or Higher Dimensions. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 21:1-21:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{meng_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.21 author = {Meng, Jingfan and Wang, Huayi and Xu, Jun and Ogihara, Mitsunori}, title = {{On Efficient Range-Summability of IID Random Variables in Two or Higher Dimensions}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {21:1--21:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.21}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177624}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.21}, annote = {Keywords: fast range-summation, multidimensional data streams, Haar wavelet transform} }  @InProceedings{meng_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.21 author = {Meng, Jingfan and Wang, Huayi and Xu, Jun and Ogihara, Mitsunori}, title = {{On Efficient Range-Summability of IID Random Variables in Two or Higher Dimensions}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {21:1--21:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.21}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177624}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.21}, annote = {Keywords: fast range-summation, multidimensional data streams, Haar wavelet transform} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.22    

 The Consistency of Probabilistic Databases with Independent Cells   
 Authors:  Amir Gilad, Aviram Imber, and Benny Kimelfeld  
  Abstract    
 A probabilistic database with attribute-level uncertainty consists of relations where cells of some attributes may hold probability distributions rather than deterministic content. Such databases arise, implicitly or explicitly, in the context of noisy operations such as missing data imputation, where we automatically fill in missing values, column prediction, where we predict unknown attributes, and database cleaning (and repairing), where we replace the original values due to detected errors or violation of integrity constraints. We study the computational complexity of problems that regard the selection of cell values in the presence of integrity constraints. More precisely, we focus on functional dependencies and study three problems: (1) deciding whether the constraints can be satisfied by any choice of values, (2) finding a most probable such choice, and (3) calculating the probability of satisfying the constraints. The data complexity of these problems is determined by the combination of the set of functional dependencies and the collection of uncertain attributes. We give full classifications into tractable and intractable complexities for several classes of constraints, including a single dependency, matching constraints, and unary functional dependencies.   

  Cite as    
 Amir Gilad, Aviram Imber, and Benny Kimelfeld. The Consistency of Probabilistic Databases with Independent Cells. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 22:1-22:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{gilad_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.22 author = {Gilad, Amir and Imber, Aviram and Kimelfeld, Benny}, title = {{The Consistency of Probabilistic Databases with Independent Cells}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {22:1--22:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.22}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177644}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.22}, annote = {Keywords: Probabilistic databases, attribute-level uncertainty, functional dependencies, most probable database} }  @InProceedings{gilad_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.22 author = {Gilad, Amir and Imber, Aviram and Kimelfeld, Benny}, title = {{The Consistency of Probabilistic Databases with Independent Cells}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {22:1--22:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.22}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177644}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.22}, annote = {Keywords: Probabilistic databases, attribute-level uncertainty, functional dependencies, most probable database} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.23    

 Consistent Query Answering for Primary Keys and Conjunctive Queries with Counting   
 Authors:  Aziz Amezian El Khalfioui and Jef Wijsen  
  Abstract    
 The problem of consistent query answering for primary keys and self-join-free conjunctive queries has been intensively studied in recent years and is by now well understood. In this paper, we study an extension of this problem with counting. The queries we consider count how many times each value occurs in a designated (possibly composite) column of an answer to a full conjunctive query. In a setting of database repairs, we adopt the semantics of [Arenas et al., ICDT 2001] which computes tight lower and upper bounds on these counts, where the bounds are taken over all repairs. Ariel Fuxman defined in his PhD thesis a syntactic class of queries, called Cforest, for which this computation can be done by executing two first-order queries (one for lower bounds, and one for upper bounds) followed by simple counting steps. We use the term "parsimonious counting" for this computation. A natural question is whether Cforest contains all self-join-free conjunctive queries that admit parsimonious counting. We answer this question negatively. We define a new syntactic class of queries, called Cparsimony, and prove that it contains all (and only) self-join-free conjunctive queries that admit parsimonious counting.   

  Cite as    
 Aziz Amezian El Khalfioui and Jef Wijsen. Consistent Query Answering for Primary Keys and Conjunctive Queries with Counting. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 23:1-23:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{amezianelkhalfioui_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.23 author = {Amezian El Khalfioui, Aziz and Wijsen, Jef}, title = {{Consistent Query Answering for Primary Keys and Conjunctive Queries with Counting}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {23:1--23:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.23}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177659}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.23}, annote = {Keywords: Consistent query answering, primary key, conjunctive query, aggregation, counting} }  @InProceedings{amezianelkhalfioui_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.23 author = {Amezian El Khalfioui, Aziz and Wijsen, Jef}, title = {{Consistent Query Answering for Primary Keys and Conjunctive Queries with Counting}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {23:1--23:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.23}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177659}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.23}, annote = {Keywords: Consistent query answering, primary key, conjunctive query, aggregation, counting} }    

  Document   
 DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.24    

 A Simple Algorithm for Consistent Query Answering Under Primary Keys   
 Authors:  Diego Figueira, Anantha Padmanabha, Luc Segoufin, and Cristina Sirangelo  
  Abstract    
 We consider the dichotomy conjecture for consistent query answering under primary key constraints. It states that, for every fixed Boolean conjunctive query q, testing whether q is certain (i.e. whether it evaluates to true over all repairs of a given inconsistent database) is either polynomial time or coNP-complete. This conjecture has been verified for self-join-free and path queries. We propose a simple inflationary fixpoint algorithm for consistent query answering which, for a given database, naively computes a set Δ of subsets of database repairs with at most k facts, where k is the size of the query q. The algorithm runs in polynomial time and can be formally defined as: 1) Initialize Δ with all sets S of at most k facts such that S⊧ q. 2) Add any set S of at most k facts to Δ if there exists a block B (i.e., a maximal set of facts sharing the same key) such that for every fact a ∈ B there is a set S' ∈ Δ contained in S ∪ {a}. The algorithm answers "q is certain" iff Δ eventually contains the empty set. The algorithm correctly computes certainty when the query q falls in the polynomial time cases of the known dichotomies for self-join-free queries and path queries. For arbitrary Boolean conjunctive queries, the algorithm is an under-approximation: the query is guaranteed to be certain if the algorithm claims so. However, there are polynomial time certain queries (with self-joins) which are not identified as such by the algorithm.   

  Cite as    
 Diego Figueira, Anantha Padmanabha, Luc Segoufin, and Cristina Sirangelo. A Simple Algorithm for Consistent Query Answering Under Primary Keys. In 26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 255, pp. 24:1-24:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2023)  
   Copy BibTex To Clipboard    
   
  @InProceedings{figueira_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.24 author = {Figueira, Diego and Padmanabha, Anantha and Segoufin, Luc and Sirangelo, Cristina}, title = {{A Simple Algorithm for Consistent Query Answering Under Primary Keys}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {24:1--24:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.24}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177663}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.24}, annote = {Keywords: consistent query answering, primary keys, conjunctive queries} }  @InProceedings{figueira_et_al:LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.24 author = {Figueira, Diego and Padmanabha, Anantha and Segoufin, Luc and Sirangelo, Cristina}, title = {{A Simple Algorithm for Consistent Query Answering Under Primary Keys}}, booktitle = {26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)}, pages = {24:1--24:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-270-9}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2023}, volume = {255}, editor = {Geerts, Floris and Vandevoort, Brecht}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.24}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-177663}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.ICDT.2023.24}, annote = {Keywords: consistent query answering, primary keys, conjunctive queries} }    

 Filters  

 Authors 
   Show All  Collapse 
  Show All 
  A 
  Amarilli, Antoine 
  Amezian El Khalfioui, Aziz 
  Assadi, Sepehr 
  B 
  Balazinska, Magda 
  C 
  Cai, Walter 
  Cucumides, Tamara 
  D 
  Deeds, Kyle 
  Deng, Shiyuan 
  F 
  Feller, Thomas 
  Figueira, Diego 
  Francis, Nadime 
  G 
  Geerts, Floris 
  Gheerbrant, Amélie 
  Gilad, Amir 
  Grohe, Martin 
  Guagliardo, Paolo 
  I 
  Imber, Aviram 
  J 
  Joshi, Nirmit 
  K 
  Kara, Ahmet 
  Keppeler, Jens 
  Khalil, Majd 
  Kimelfeld, Benny 
  L 
  Libkin, Leonid 
  Lindner, Peter 
  Lu, Shangqi 
  Lyon, Tim S. 
  M 
  Marsault, Victor 
  Martens, Wim 
  Meng, Jingfan 
  Merkl, Timo Camillo 
  Morvan, Rémi 
  Muñoz, Martín 
  Murlak, Filip 
  N 
  Navarro, Gonzalo 
  Nikolic, Milos 
  O 
  Ogihara, Mitsunori 
  Olteanu, Dan 
  Ostropolski-Nalewaja, Piotr 
  P 
  Padmanabha, Anantha 
  Peterfreund, Liat 
  Pichler, Reinhard 
  Pieris, Andreas 
  Prabhu, Milind 
  R 
  Raykov, Pavel 
  Reutter, Juan 
  Riveros, Cristian 
  Rogova, Alexandra 
  Rudolph, Sebastian 
  S 
  Salas, Jorge 
  Schwentick, Thomas 
  Segoufin, Luc 
  Seshadhri, C. 
  Shah, Vihan 
  Silvestri, Francesco 
  Sirangelo, Cristina 
  Skibski, Oskar 
  Skritek, Sebastian 
  Spinrath, Christopher 
  Standke, Christoph 
  Suciu, Dan 
  T 
  Tao, Yufei 
  V 
  Vandevoort, Brecht 
  Vrgoč, Domagoj 
  W 
  Wang, Huayi 
  Wijsen, Jef 
  X 
  Xu, Jun 
  Z 
  Zhang, Haozhe 

  Subjects 
   Show All  Collapse 
  Show All 
  Computing methodologies 
  Computing methodologies → Network science 
  Information systems 
  Information systems → Data management systems 
  Information systems → Data streams 
  Information systems → Data structures 
  Information systems → Database views 
  Information systems → Graph-based database models 
  Information systems → Join algorithms 
  Information systems → Query languages 
  Information systems → Query languages for non-relational engines 
  Information systems → Query optimization 
  Information systems → Query planning 
  Information systems → Relational database query languages 
  Information systems → Structured Query Language 
  Mathematics of computing 
  Mathematics of computing → Graph algorithms 
  Mathematics of computing → Graph theory 
  Networks 
  Networks → Network structure 
  Theory of computation 
  Theory of computation → Approximation algorithms analysis 
  Theory of computation → Data modeling 
  Theory of computation → Data provenance 
  Theory of computation → Data structures and algorithms for data management 
  Theory of computation → Data structures design and analysis 
  Theory of computation → Database query languages (principles) 
  Theory of computation → Database query processing and optimization (theory) 
  Theory of computation → Database theory 
  Theory of computation → Description logics 
  Theory of computation → Graph algorithms analysis 
  Theory of computation → Incomplete, inconsistent, and uncertain databases 
  Theory of computation → Logic and databases 
  Theory of computation → Parameterized complexity and exact algorithms 
  Theory of computation → Shared memory algorithms 
  Theory of computation → Sorting and searching 
  Theory of computation → Streaming, sublinear and near linear time algorithms 

  Questions / Remarks / Feedback   X  Feedback for Dagstuhl Publishing  
     
  Send    
   
  Thanks for your feedback!  
 Feedback submitted   
 OK    
  Could not send message  
 Please try again later or send an E-mail    
 OK    
   About DROPS  
 Schloss Dagstuhl - Leibniz Center for Informatics has been operating the Dagstuhl Research Online Publication Server (short: DROPS) since 2004. DROPS enables publication of the latest research findings in a fast, uncomplicated manner, in addition to providing unimpeded, open access to them. All the requisite metadata on each publication is administered in accordance with general guidelines pertaining to online publications (cf. Dublin Core). This enables the online publications to be authorized for citation and made accessible to a wide readership on a permanent basis. Access is free of charge for readers following the open access idea which fosters unimpeded access to scientific publications.  
 More about DROPS 
    
 Instructions for Authors  
 Dagstuhl Series   
  LIPIcs 
  OASIcs 
  Dagstuhl Follow-Ups 
    
 Dagstuhl Journals   
  DARTS – Dagstuhl Artifacts Series 
  Dagstuhl Reports 
  Dagstuhl Manifestos 
  LITES 
  TGDK – Transactions on Graph Data and Knowledge 

 Instructions for Editors  
 Dagstuhl Series   
  LIPIcs 
  OASIcs 
  Dagstuhl Follow-Ups 
    
 Dagstuhl Journals   
  DARTS – Dagstuhl Artifacts Series 
  Dagstuhl Reports 
  Dagstuhl Manifestos 
  LITES 
  TGDK – Transactions on Graph Data and Knowledge 

 © 2023-2024 Schloss Dagstuhl – LZI GmbH  About DROPS  Imprint  Privacy  Contact

85. ICDT_1 conference:


86. DEXA_2 conference:
Home 
  Search 
  Katalog & Koleksi | Katalog 
  Informasi | Akses Eikon Refinitiv 
  Tata Cara Approval Laporan Magang & KP 
  Tata Cara Upload Laporan Magang & KP 
  Fitur Mobile App: Layanan Book Delivery 
  Pemilihan Jurnal untuk Publikasi Ilmiah 
  Peraturan Tel-U Open Library 
  Sumber Daya Informasi Pendukung Kegiatan Penelitian 
  Surat Bebas Kewajiban Perpustakaan (SBKP) 
  Layanan Assistive Technology 
  Fasilitas Cek Similarity, iThenticate dan Turnitin 
  Tentang Kami 
  Tahun Terbit 

 Database and Expert Systems Applications - DEXA 2023 Workshops 34th International Conference, DEXA 2023, Penang, Malaysia, August 28–30, 2023, Proceedings  
 Gabriele Kotsis, A Min Tjoa, Ismail Khalil, Bernhard Moser, Atif Mashkoor, Johannes Sametinger, Maqbool Khan  

 Informasi Dasar  

 Dilihat  22 kali   

 No. Katalog  24.21.1364   

 Klasifikasi  005.7   

 Jenis katalog  Buku - Elektronik (E-Book)   

 No. Rak  3   

 Abstraksi  This volume constitutes the refereed proceedings of the workshops held at the 34th International Conference on Database and Expert Systems Applications, DEXA 2023, held in Penang, Malaysia, in August 2023: The 7th International Workshop on Cyber-Security and Functional Safety in Cyber-Physical Systems, IWCFS 2023, and The 3rd International Workshop on AI System Engineering: Math, Modelling and Software, AISys2023.  
 The 7 full papers and 3 short papers were thoroughly reviewed and selected from 20 submissions, and discuss a range of topics including: knowledge discovery, biological data, cyber security, cyber-physical system, machine learning, knowledge graphs, information retriever, data base, and artificial intelligence.  

  Subjek  
 Subjek utama  DATABASE MANAGEMENT   

 Subjek tambahan  APPLICATION, SYSTEM,  

  Katalog  
 Judul  Database and Expert Systems Applications - DEXA 2023 Workshops 34th International Conference, DEXA 2023, Penang, Malaysia, August 28–30, 2023, Proceedings   

 ISBN  978-3-031-39689-2   

 Kolasi  108 Pages   

 Bahasa  Inggris   

  Sirkulasi  
 Harga pinjam  Rp. 0   

 Biaya denda  Rp. 1.000   

 Sirkulasi  Tidak   

 Pengarang  
 Nama  Gabriele Kotsis, A Min Tjoa, Ismail Khalil, Bernhard Moser, Atif Mashkoor, Johannes Sametinger, Maqbool Khan   

 Jenis  Perorangan   

 Penyunting/  
  Pembimbing    

 Alih bahasa    

  Penerbit  
 Nama  Springer Nature Switzerland   

 Kota  Switzerland   

 Tahun  2023   

  Koleksi  
 Total  1 Koleksi    

 Tersedia  1 Koleksi    

 Kompetensi  
 Tidak ada    

  Download / Flippingbook  
 Link file  E - Book (ebook.pdf)    
  belum pernah diunduh    

 Rekomendasi    

  Ulasan  
 Belum ada ulasan yang diberikan   
 anda harus sign-in untuk memberikan ulasan ke katalog ini   

 Kembali 

 Copyright © 2011 - Telkom Open Library  
   
  NPP : 3204122D0000002

87. ICDT_2 conference:
Skip to main content      
 PRINCIPLES of DATA MANAGEMENT -- databasetheory.org  
   
 Toggle navigation        
 Main navigation  
 Home 
  Blog 
  Events 
  Newsletter 
  Zulip 
  PODS 
  ICDT 
  About us 
   
 User account menu  
 Log in 

 ICDT 2023: Call for Papers 2nd cycle, Invited Speakers & Accepted papers 1st cycle   

 Submitted by Floris Geerts   on Tue, 08/16/2022 - 15:40     
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  26th International Conference on Database Theory (ICDT 2023)  
 ICDT is an international conference series on the principles and theory of data management. Since 2009, it is annually and jointly held with EDBT, the International Conference on Extending Database Technology. See also https://databasetheory.org/icdt-pages  .  
 The 26th edition of ICDT takes place in Ioannina, Greece, from 28–31 March 2023 http://edbticdt2023.cs.uoi.gr   
 We are glad to announce that EDBT/ICDT will be back to an in-person  conference and the organizers look forward to welcoming the database community to Ioannina after 3 years of online EDBT/ICDT events.  
  The conference will run in hybrid mode, so that participants having travel restrictions will still have the opportunity to attend.  
 We are now soliciting paper for the SECOND SUBMISSION CYCLE  of ICDT:  
  September 14, 2022 (AoE): Abstract submission deadline  
  September 21, 2022 (AoE): Paper submission deadline  
  November 20, 2022: Notification  
  All submissions will be electronic via Easychair at https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdt2023  see below for more information.  
 We welcome research papers on every  topic related to the principles and theory of data management, provided that there is a clear connection to foundational aspects. This includes, for example, articles on "classical" data management topics such as:  
 - The design and study of data models and query languages;  
  - The development and analysis of algorithms for data management;  
  - The theoretical investigation of various aspects underlying data management systems (indexes, concurrency, distributed computation, privacy and security, ...),  
 but also includes papers exploring existing or identifying new connections between data management and other areas, such as the areas of:  
 - knowledge representation, semantic web;  
  - information retrieval and data mining;  
  - machine learning;  
  - distributed computing;  
  - theoretical computer science.  
 In all of the above, a clear emphasis on foundational aspects is expected.  
 Additional reasons for submitting to and attending ICDT are the excellent invited speakers  :  
 Seshadhri Comandur: Subgraph counting and graph orientations: the gift that keeps on giving (ICDT Invited Lecture)  
  Leonid Libkin: The Essence of GQL (ICDT/EDBT Keynote)  
  Gonzalo Navarro: Compact Data Structures Meet Databases (ICDT/EDBT Keynote)  
 and high-quality scientific contributions already accepted  in the 1st submission cycle:  
 Sepehr Assadi, Nirmit Joshi, Milind Prabhu and Vihan Shah. Generalizing Greenwald-Khanna: Streaming Quantile Summaries for Weighted Inputs  
  Tamara Cucumides, Juan L. Reutter and Domagoj Vrgoc: Size bounds and algorithms for conjunctive regular path queries  
  Kyle Deeds, Dan Suciu, Magdalena Balazinska and Walter Cai: Degree Sequence Bound For Join Cardinality Estimation  
  Shiyuan Deng, Shangqi Lu and Yufei Tao: Space-Query Tradeoffs in Range Subgraph Counting and Listing  
  Thomas Feller, Timothy Lyon, Piotr Ostropolski-Nalewaja and Sebastian Rudolph: Finite-Cliquewidth Sets of Existential Rules: Toward a General Criterion for Decidable yet Highly Expressive Querying  
  Diego Figueira, Anantha Padmanabha, Luc Segoufin and Cristina Sirangelo: A simple algorithm for consistent query answering under primary keys  
  Martin Grohe, Peter Lindner and Christoph Standke: Probabilistic Query Evaluation with Bag Semantics  
  Majd Khalil and Benny Kimelfeld: The Complexity of the Shapley Value for Regular Path Queries  
  Jingfan Meng, Huayi Wang, Jun Xu and Mitsunori Ogihara: On Efficient Range-Summability of IID Random Variables in Two or Higher Dimensions  
 Program Committee   
 Program Committee Chair:   
  Floris Geerts (University of Antwerp)  
 Program Committee Members:   
  Sepehr Assadi (Rutgers University)  
  Vaishak Belle (The University of Edinburgh)  
  Leopoldo Bertossi (Universidad Adolfo Ibanez)  
  Graham Cormode (The University of Warwick)  
  Ahmet Kara (University of Zurich)  
  Batya Kenig (Technion, Israel Institute of Technology)  
  Bas Ketsman (Vrije Universiteit Brussel)  
  Ester Livshits (The University of Edinburgh)  
  Wim Martens (University of Bayreuth)  
  Liat Peterfreund (CNRS, Université Gustave Eiffel)  
  Reinhard Pichler (Vienna University of Technology)  
  Andreas Pieris (University of Cyprus, The University of Edinburgh)  
  Marcin Przybyłko (University of Bremen)  
  Juan L. Reutter (Pontificia Universidad Católica)  
  Sudeepa Roy (Duke University)  
  Jef Wijsen (University of Mons)  
  Ke Yi (Hong Kong University of Science and Technology)  
  Thomas Zeume (Ruhr-Universität Bochum)  
 Proceedings Chair:   
  Brecht Vandevoort (Hasselt University)  
 Submission Instructions   
 Papers must be written in English and provide sufficient detail to allow the program committee to assess their merits. The results must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere, including the proceedings of other symposia, workshops, and journals.  
 Papers must be submitted as PDF documents, using the LIPIcs style ( http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/lipics/instructions-for-authors  ). Paper length is limited to 15 pages excluding references. Additional details may be included in a clearly marked appendix which will be read at the discretion of the program committee. Online appendices are not allowed. Papers that do not conform to these requirements may be rejected without further consideration.  
 The proceedings will appear under an open access license in the Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) series, based at Schloss Dagstuhl. More specifically, all articles in LIPIcs are published under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) license. Thereby, the authors retain their copyrights and readers can re-use the published work in the most meaningful manner. The proceedings will also appear in Scopus.  
 At least one author of each accepted paper is expected to register at the conference and present the paper.  
 Awards   
  An award will be given to the Best Paper and to the Best Newcomer Paper where `newcomer' refers to the field of database theory. The latter award will preferentially be given to a paper authored only by students and in that case be called Best Student-Paper Award. The program committee reserves the right to not give any award and to split an award among several papers. Papers co-authored by program committee members are not eligible for an award.  
 Detailed list of topics (not exclusive):  ICDT welcomes papers on any topic related to principles of data management such as, for example, data mining, information extraction, information retrieval, database aspects of machine learning, distributed and parallel databases, cloud computing, graph databases, (semantic) Web data, web services, data streams, sketching, data-centric (business) process management and workflows, data and knowledge integration and exchange, data provenance, views, data warehouses, domain-specific databases (multimedia, scientific, spatial, temporal, text), data privacy and security, concurrency, and recovery.  

 Log in | or | register | to post comments 

 Search  
 Search   Search       

 Categories  
 Call for papers  (3) 
  Call for Participation  (1) 
  CFP  (1) 
  community  (2) 
  data science  (1) 
  EDBT  (1) 
  event  (1) 
  graph databases  (1) 
  ICDT  (5) 
  job announcement  (1) 
  Job offer  (1) 
  london postdoc position community  (1) 
  open access  (2) 
  papers  (1) 
  PODS  (4) 
  postdoctoral position  (1) 
  query languages  (2) 
  standadization  (1) 
  Summer School  (2) 
  Warsaw  (1) 

 Website hosted at the Université Libre de Bruxelles https://www.ulb.ac.be/

88. DEXA_3 conference:
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue

89. ICDT_3 conference:
Skip to main content      
 PRINCIPLES of DATA MANAGEMENT -- databasetheory.org  
   
 Toggle navigation        
 Main navigation  
 Home 
  Blog 
  Events 
  Newsletter 
  Zulip 
  PODS 
  ICDT 
  About us 
   
 User account menu  
 Log in 

 ICDT: The International Conference on Database Theory   

   ICDT is a scientific conference on research on the foundations of database management; it can be seen as the European version of PODS  (the ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems). Having a European identity, it is typically held in beautiful historical European locations.  
 ICDT is held jointly with EDBT  (since 2009), following the successful model of SIGMOD / PODS. The conference presents high-quality, peer reviewed research, invited keynote talks (jointly with EDBT), and an invited ICDT lecture.  
 If you want to know more, please check out these pages:  
 Overview of ICDT conferences 
  ICDT proceedings and special issues 
  ICDT Council 
  A brief history 
  ICDT awards | Best Paper, Best Student, Best Newcomer 
  ICDT Test-of-time Award 
  Past invited speakers 
  Past ICDT program committees 
  In memoriam 

 Search  
 Search   Search       

 Website hosted at the Université Libre de Bruxelles https://www.ulb.ac.be/

90. DEPCoS_0 conference:
Where 
  Topics 
  For author 
  Contact 
  Privacy 

  DepCoS–RELCOMEX 2025   
    
 20th International Conference on Dependability of Computer Systems  

  Dependable and timely results from quantitative and qualitative data using precise and AI models and algorithms   

  Theory and Practice of Dependability• Computer Aided Medicine • Cloud Technologies  
  Deep Learning • Intelligent & Soft Computing  
  Machine Vision • Smart Systems & Industry 4.0  
  Data Science in Business & Medicine  
 June 30-July 3, 2025, Poland   
 Deadlines  For authors  Where    

 Organised by  
 Wrocław University of Science and Technology  
  Department of Computer Engineering  

 Deadlines  
  Full version of the paper uploaded for revision: January 19, 2025   
  Notification of acceptance: February 24, 2025   
  Camera-ready papers: March 9, 2025   
  Conference payment: March 16, 2025   
   
  Where and when  Instruction for authors  Payment    

 Topics  

 Dependability vs trends in computer systems  
 Cloud and Grid Computing  
  Deep Learning, Neural Networks and Expert Systems  
  Cognitive Computing  
  Dependable & High Performance Computing  
  Data Science: Big Data & Data Mining  
  Blockchain and Cybersecurity  
  Internet of Things and Industry 4.0  
  Mobile applications and social computing  
  Challenges in infocommunication technologies  
  Ambient Intelligence & Sensing, Sensor Networks  Medicine and healthcare  
 Next-generation medical imaging and Machine Vision  
  AI in medical diagnosis and intervention  
  VR / AR in educating and assisting physicians  
  Big Data and predictive analytics in disease prevention  
  Cybersecurity in healthcare systems  
  Telemedicine and remote care  Methodology and tools  
 Dependability engineering in software, hardware & network systems  
  System modelling for threats, dependability & maintenance  
  Risk analysis, security and quality assurance  
  Efficiency analysis of systems and networks  
  Softcomputing for analysis and modelling of complex systems  
  Web Services and Performance  
  Secure Transactions  General problems  
 General aspects of smart systems, networks theory and communication technology  
  Dependability theory of networks, systems and its elements  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Natural Language Processing  
  Human-computer interaction  
  Theory of information and IT systems  Applications  
 Medical data analysis & diagnosis, Smart Healthcare, AI in medicine  
  Computer Vision, Virtual / Augmented Reality  
  Planning & maintenance in systems and networks  
  Dependability and quality of service  
  Software dependability, testing, validation and verification  
  Industry 4.0, Smart Logistics & Smart Economy  
  Military systems and equipment; Unmanned Aerial Vehicles  
  Green energy, power systems and smart grids  
  e-learning & Web-based Learning, e-economic, e-commerce, e-business, e-management  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Deep learning: machine learning, neural networks, data mining  
  Theory of information and IT systems   

 Publication and indexing  

   Published by Springer  
 in an esteemed Springer book series  

   Evaluated  
 the present registry of conferences maintained by Polish Ministry of Education and Science assigns 20 points to DepCoS publications  

  Visibility  
 every year since 2013 DepCoS proceedings have been persistently in the top 25% most downloaded eBooks in respective Springer collections  

  Web of Science  

   Core  

   DBLP  

 Previous publications  

 Instruction for authors  

   Guideliness  
 Please make sure to follow Springer’s authors’ guidelines  

  Submision  
 Once the document is ready please upload the PDF or DOC text through our submission system  

  Info  
 The text should be 8 - 10 pages long after final formatting including all figures, tables and bibliography positions; additional fee will apply for extra pages over the limit.  

   Latex  
 The most recent versions of the Latex Templates are available for download from above link.  

   Word template  
 Create the Word document by modification of the splnproc1703.docm file included in the template, using "Springer Proceedings Macros" ribbon for all required formatting.  

   Overleaf  
 The LaTeX2e Proceedings Templates are also available in the scientific authoring platform Overleaf.  

 Payment  

 The registration fee is 850 EUR and will cover Monday to Thursday accommodation with full board, admission to all events, and one paper copy of the proceedings. We are sorry, but no discounts are available.  

 Where and when  

  When  
 June 30 - July 3  
  2025  

  Where  
 The event will take place in one of the beautiful locations in the Valley of Palaces and Gardens of Polish Lower Silesia (final venue to be announced).  

 DepCoS-RELCOMEX 2025 Programme Committee  

 Zamojski Wojciech (Chairman)   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Al-Dahoud Ali   
  Al-Zaytoonah University, Amman, Jordan   
   
 Agbinya Johnson   
  School, Information Technology & Engineering, Melbourne, Australia   
   
 Affenzeller Michael   
  Upper Austria University of Applied Sciences, Austria   
   
 Baez Patricio García   
  Universidad de La Laguna, San Cristóbal de La Laguna, Spain   
   
 Białas Andrzej   
  Research Network ŁUKASIEWICZ - Institute of Innovative Technologies EMAG, Katowice, Poland   
   
 Bluemke Ilona   
  Warsaw University of Technology, Warsaw, Poland   
   
 Bogalecka Magdalena   
  Gdynia Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland   
   
 Bożejko Wojciech   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Brezhniev Eugene   
  National Aerospace University "KhAI", Kharkov, Ukraine   
   
 Caban Dariusz   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Chen De-Jiu   
  KTH Royal Institute OF Technology, Sweden   
   
 Cichoń Jacek   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Coolen Frank   
  Durham University, Durham, UK   
   
 Daszczuk Wiktor B.   
  Warsaw University of Science and Technology , Warsaw, Poland   
   
 Drabowski Mieczysław   
  Cracow University of Technology, Cracow, Poland   
   
 Flammini Francesco   
  University of Linnaeus, Sweden   
   
 Galambos Peter   
  Obuda University, Hungary   
   
 Gil Perez Manuel   
  University of Murcia, Murcia, Spain   
   
 Grabski Franciszek   
  Polish Naval Academy, Gdynia, Poland   
   
 Grakowskis Aleksander   
  Transport and Telecommunication Institute, Riga, Latvia   
   
 Gulacsi Laszlo   
  Obuda University, Hungary   
   
 Ito Atsushi   
  Chuo University, Tokyo, Japan   
   
 Jagielski Dariusz   
  4th Military Hospital, Wroclaw, Poland,   
   
 Jeleń Łukasz   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Jóźwiak Ireneusz   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Kabashkin Igor   
  Transport and Telecommunication Institute, Riga, Latvia   
   
 Kacprzyk Janusz   
  Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw, Poland   
   
 Koutras Vasilis P.   
  University of the Aegean, Chios, Greece   
   
 Kharchenko Vyacheslav S.   
  National Aerospace University "KhAI", Kharkov, Ukraine   
   
 Klempous Ryszard   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Kołowrocki Krzysztof   
  Gdynia Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland   
   
 Kotulski Leszek   
  AGH University of Science and Technology, Krakow, Poland   
   
 Kovacs Levente   
  Obuda University, Hungary   
   
 Krawczyk Henryk   
  Gdansk University of Technology, Gdansk, Poland   
   
 Król Dariusz   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Kucharski Andrzej   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Kużelewska Urszula   
  Bialystok University of Technology, Białystok, Poland   
   
 Lastovetsky Alexey   
  University College Dublin, Dublin, Ireland   
   
 Magott Jan   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Majzik Istvan   
  Hungary   
   
 Maciejewski Henryk   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Mazurkiewicz Jacek   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Medyński Daniel   
  Collegium Witelona, Legnica, Poland   
   
 Młyńczak Marek   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Papadopoulos Yiannis   
  Hull University, Hull, UK   
   
 Pawłowski Andrzej   
  University of Brescia, Italy   
   
 Rafajłowicz Ewaryst   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Rudas Imre   
  Óbuda University, Hungary   
   
 Rodwald Przemysław   
  Polish Naval Academy, Gdynia, Poland   
   
 Rozenblit Jerzy   
  Arizona University, Tucson, USA   
   
 Scherer Rafał   
  Czestochowa University of Technology, Czestochowa, Poland   
   
 Siergiejczyk Mirosław   
  Warsaw University of Technology, Warsaw, Poland   
   
 Smutnicki Czesław   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Sobolewski Robert   
  Bialystok University of Technology, Bialystok, Poland   
   
 Sosnowski Janusz   
  Warsaw University of Technology, Warsaw, Poland   
   
 Suarez-Araujo Carmen Paz   
  Universidad de Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain   
   
 Sugier Jarosław   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Szilagyi Laszlo   
  Sapientia Hungarian University of Transylvania, Romania   
   
 Walter Max   
  Siemens, Germany   
   
 Walkowiak Tomasz   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Więckowski Tadeusz   
  Wroclaw University of Science and Technology, Wroclaw, Poland   
   
 Wolfinger Bernd E.   
  University of Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany   
   
 Xie Min   
  City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR   
   
 Yatskiv Irina   
  Transport and Telecommunication Institute, Riga, Latvia   
   
 Zyśko Dorota   
  Wroclaw Medical University, Poland   

 DepCoS-RELCOMEX 2024 Organising Committee  

 Chairman   
  Prof. Wojciech Zamojski  

 Memebers   
  Jacek Mazurkiewicz, PhD  
  Jarosław Sugier, PhD  
  Tomasz Walkowiak, PhD  
  Tomasz Zamojski, PhD  
  Mirosława Nurek   

 Contact  

  (+48) 667 745 795  
  Jacek Mazurkiewicz, PhD  
   
   depcos@pwr.edu.pl  
   
 image/svg+xml                              
  Faculty of Information and Communication Technology

91. DASC_0 conference:
IEEE CyberSciTech/PICom/DASC/CBDCom 2023    Home 
  Co-located Conferences | CyberSciTech  PICom  CBDCom 
  Committees | Organization  Technical Program Committee 
  Keynotes 
  Calls | Call for Papers  Call for Workshops and Special Sessions 
  Workshops | DASC Workshops  CyberSciTech Workshops  PICom Workshops  CBDCom Workshops 
  Authors | Paper Submission  Camera Ready Submissions 
  Attend | Venue Information  About Abu Dhabi  Accomodation  Main track Registration  WS/SS Registration  VISA 

  The 21st IEEE International Conference on Dependable, Autonomic & Secure Computing  
  (DASC 2023)  

 14-17 Nov, 2023 - Hybrid Conference - Abu Dhabi, UAE  
   
  SUBMIT A PAPER      

  ** Download the full CFP here   **  
 As computer and communication systems as well as other systems such as Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), Internet of Things (IoT), Autonomous Robotic Systems become increasingly large and complex, their Dependability and Security play critical role at supporting next-generation science, engineering, and commercial applications. It remains a challenge to design, analyze, evaluate, and improve the dependability and security for a trusted computing environment. Trusted computing targets computing systems as well as services that are dependable, secure, protectable, predictable, traceable, controllable, autonomous, and sustainable.  
 At the same time, the increasing scale and complexity of systems call for the autonomic computing paradigm, which meets the requirements of self-management, and autonomous systems. Trusted and autonomic computing/autonomous systems need synergistic research efforts covering many disciplines, ranging from natural sciences to social sciences. It requires scientific and technological advances in a wide variety of fields, as well as new software, architectures, and communication technology that support the integration of the constituent technologies.  
 IEEE DASC 2023 will be held during November 13-17, 2023, in Abu DHbai, UAE co-located with IEEE CyberSciTech 2023  , IEEE PICom 2023  , and IEEE CBDCom 2023  . It aims to bring together computer scientists, industrial engineers, and researchers to discuss and exchange theoretical and implementation results, novel designs, work-in-progress, experience, case studies, and trend-setting ideas in the areas of dependability, security, trust and/or autonomic computing, and autonomous systems.  

 Important dates  
  Workshop/SS Proposal Due:  May 15, 2023  
  Workshop/SS Proposal Notification:  May 17, 2023  
 Main Conference Papers   
  Paper Submission Due: 1 August, 2023  21 August, 2023 (Final)    
  Authors Notification: 15 September, 2023   
  Camera-ready Submission: 30 September, 2023   
   
  Workshop/Special Session Papers   
  Submission Due: September 15, 2023  September 25, 2023 (Final)    
  Author Notification Due: September 30, 2023   
  Camera-ready Submission: October 7, 2023   
  Special Issues   
 Special Issue on Artificial Intelligence Meeting Green Edge-Cloud Computing, Computer Communications 
    
 Sponsored By  

    Supported By  

  Past Conferences  
 DASC 2022   
  DASC 2021   
  DASC 2020   
  DASC 2019   
  DASC 2018   

  © IEEE Cyber Science and Technology 2023. All rights reserved.  
  Created and Maintained by the IEEE Cyber Science and Technology 2023 Web Team at iCNET Lab.   
  If you have any question, please contact: cyberscience@icnetlab.org   
   
  IEEE Privacy Policy

92. DASC_1 conference:


93. DASC_2 conference:


94. DASC_3 conference:
403 Forbidden

95. ICDS_0 conference:
Contact    

 ICDS  
 International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments  
 ISSN: 2308-3956  

 Publication   
  
 Published by IARIA Press (operated by Xpert Publishing Services  ) |  
 Archived in the Open Access IARIA ThinkMind Digital Library |  
 Prints available at Curran Associates, Inc. 
 Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions to a IARIA Journal 
 Indexing Procedure 

 Affiliated Journals   

 Menu  iaria.org  Contact    
   
 ICDS - International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments  
 ISSN: 2308-3956  
   
 Registered: with the Library of Congress of the United States of America (ISSN) 
  Free Access: in | ThinkMind Digital Library 
  ICDS 2025  , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
  ISBN: 978-1-68558-267-8  
  ICDS 2024  , The Eighteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  May 26, 2024 to May 30, 2024 - Barcelona, Spain  
  ISBN: 978-1-68558-169-5  
  ICDS 2023  , The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  April 24, 2023 to April 28, 2023 - Venice, Italy  
  ISBN: 978-1-68558-077-3  
  ICDS 2022  , The Sixteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  June 26, 2022 to June 30, 2022 - Porto, Portugal  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-981-2  
  ICDS 2021  , The Fifteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  July 18, 2021 to July 22, 2021 - Nice, France  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-869-3  
  ICDS 2020  , The Fourteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  November 21, 2020 to November 25, 2020 - Valencia, Spain  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-760-3  
  ICDS 2019  , The Thirteenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments   
  February 24, 2019 to February 28, 2019 - Athens, Greece  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-685-9  
  ICDS 2018  , The Twelfth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments   
  March 25, 2018 to March 29, 2018 - Rome, Italy  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-615-6  
  ICDS 2017  , The Eleventh International Conference on Digital Society  
   March 19 - 23, 2017 - Nice, France  
  ICDS 2016  , The Tenth International Conference on Digital Society  
   April 24-28, 2016 - Venice, Italy  
  ICDS 2015  , The Ninth International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 22 - 27, 2015 - Lisbon, Portugal  
  ICDS 2014  , The Eighth International Conference on Digital Society  
   March 23 - 27, 2014 - Barcelona, Spain  
  ICDS 2013  , The Seventh International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 24 - March 1, 2013 - Nice, France  
  ICDS 2012  , The Sixth International Conference on Digital Society  
   January 29-February 4, 2011 - Valencia, Spain  
  ICDS 2011  , The FIfth International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 23-28, 2011 - Gosier, Guadeloupe, France  
  ICDS 2010  , The Fourth International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 10-15, 2010 - St. Maarten, Netherlands Antilles  
  ICDS 2009  , The Third International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 1-7, 2009 - Cancun, Mexico  
  ICDS 2008  , The Second International Conference on the Digital Society   
  February 10-15, 2008 - Sainte Luce, Martinique  
  ICDS 2007  , The First International Conference on the Digital Society   
  January 2-6, 2007, Guadeloupe, French Caribbean  

 Copyright (c) 2006-2024, IARIA

96. Coordination_0 conference:
Skip to main content    .in     
   
 Delivering to Mumbai 400001  Update location    

 Kindle Store     
 Select the department you want to search in  All Categories  Alexa Skills  Amazon Devices  Amazon Fashion  Amazon Fresh  Amazon Fresh Meat  Amazon Pharmacy  Appliances  Apps & Games  Audible Audiobooks  Baby  Beauty  Books  Car & Motorbike  Clothing & Accessories  Collectibles  Computers & Accessories  Deals  Electronics  Furniture  Garden & Outdoors  Gift Cards  Grocery & Gourmet Foods  Health & Personal Care  Home & Kitchen  Industrial & Scientific  Jewellery  Kindle Store  Luggage & Bags  Luxury Beauty  Movies & TV Shows  MP3 Music  Music  Musical Instruments  Office Products  Pet Supplies  Prime Video  Shoes & Handbags  Software  Sports, Fitness & Outdoors  Subscribe & Save  Tools & Home Improvement  Toys & Games  Under ₹500  Video Games  Watches     

 Search Amazon.in     

   EN   
     Hello, sign in    
 Account & Lists    Returns  & Orders    0     
  Cart     

  All     
   
 Fresh    MX Player  Sell  Best Sellers  Today's Deals  Mobiles  Electronics  Customer Service  Home & Kitchen  Prime    Amazon Pay  New Releases  Fashion  Car & Motorbike  Computers  Beauty & Personal Care  Sports, Fitness & Outdoors  Books  Home Improvement  Toys & Games  Gift Cards  Health, Household & Personal Care  Grocery & Gourmet Foods  Baby  Custom Products  Video Games  Pet Supplies  Audible  Gift Ideas  Subscribe & Save  AmazonBasics  Kindle eBooks    

 Kindle e-Readers   Free Kindle Reading Apps   Kindle eBooks   Kindle Unlimited   Prime Reading   Deals on Kindle eBooks   Categories    Best Sellers    Indian language eBooks    Kindle Exam Central   Kindle eTextbooks   Content and devices   Kindle Support     

     Coordination Models and Languages: 25th IFIP WG 6.1 International Conference, COORDINATION 2023, Held as Part of the 18th International Federated Conference ... Notes in Computer Science Book 13908) eBook : Jongmans, Sung-Shik, Lopes, Antónia: Amazon.in: Books                             Books 
  › 
  Computers & Internet 
  › 
  Programming & Software Development 

 Subtotal   INR     
 Cart    Proceed to checkout       

 View your cart      

 To add this eBook, remove any 1 eBook from your cart or buy the 25 eBooks present in the eBook cart    
 Review items in your cart    Proceed to checkout       

  There was a problem adding this eBook to the cart    

 Kindle Edition   
   ₹5,239.50    
  Available instantly    
        
 Paperback   
   ₹6,354.00    

 Other New from  ₹4,613.00     Paperback from  ₹4,613.00      

 Kindle Price: | ₹5,239.50 
 Price includes GST 
 Sold by: | Amazon Asia-Pacific Holdings Private Limited 

  Add to eBook cart       
 Available in eBooks cart  View eBooks cart       
   Buy now      
 By clicking the above button, you agree to the Kindle Store Terms of Use  .    
 Promotions apply when you purchase    
  These promotions will be applied to this item:  
  
 Some promotions may be combined; others are not eligible to be combined with other offers. For details, please see the Terms & Conditions associated with these promotions.  

 Read with Our Free App       

 Deliver to your Kindle Library      

  You have subscribed to !  We will pre-order your items within 24 hours of when they become available. When new books are released, we will charge your default payment method at the lowest price available during the pre-order period.   
 Update your device or payment method, cancel individual pre-orders or your subscription at  
  Your Memberships and Subscriptions     

  There was an error.  We were unable to process your subscription due to an error. Please refresh and try again.   

 Buy for others  
 Give as a gift or purchase for a team or group.  
  Learn more    Buying and sending Kindle eBooks to others   
  Select quantity 
  Buy and send Kindle eBooks 
  Recipients can read on any device 
   
   These ebooks can only be redeemed by recipients in the India. Redemption links and eBooks cannot be resold.  

  Buy for others       

   Send a free sample    Deliver to your Kindle Library      

             Add to Wish List      

  Added to    

  Unable to add item to Wish List. Please try again.    

 Sorry, there was a problem.  
 There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.    

 Sorry, there was a problem.  
 List unavailable.    

 Download the free Kindle app and start reading Kindle books instantly on your smartphone, tablet or computer – no Kindle device required  .  
 Read instantly on your browser with Kindle for Web.  

  Using your mobile phone camera, scan the code below and download the Kindle app.  

 Image Unavailable  
  Image not available for  
  Colour:     

    To view this video download Flash Player 

 VIDEOS 
  360° VIEW 
  IMAGES 

 Read sample     

 Coordination Models and Languages: 25th IFIP WG 6.1 International Conference, COORDINATION 2023, Held as Part of the 18th International Federated Conference ... Notes in Computer Science Book 13908)  Kindle Edition   

 by Sung-Shik Jongmans  (Editor),    Antónia Lopes  (Editor)     Format:  Kindle Edition    

 See all formats and editions    

  Sorry, there was a problem loading this page.Try again.   

 This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 25th IFIP WG 6.1 International Conference on Coordination Models and Language, COORDINATION 2023, held in Lisbon, Portugal, in June 2023, as part of the 18th International Federated Conference on Distributed Computing Techniques, DisCoTec 2023.  
  The 12 regular papers and 2 short paper presented in this book were carefully reviewed and selected from 27 submissions.  
  The papers deal with the following topics: Collective Adaptive Systems and Aggregate Computing; Cyber-Physical Systems; Verification and Testing; Languages and Processes; and Run-Time Changes.   

  Read more     

   Previous slide of product details       
 Print length     310 pages 
  Language     English 
  Publisher     Springer 
  Publication date     14 June 2023 
  File size     47578 KB 
  Page Flip     Enabled 
  Word Wise     Not Enabled 
  Enhanced typesetting     Enabled 
  See all details 

 Next slide of product details       

  Due to its large file size, this book may take longer to download    

  Report an issue with this product    

  Product details  
 ASIN ‏ : ‎  B0C5GFW7ZB 
  Publisher ‏ : ‎  Springer (14 June 2023) 
  Language ‏ : ‎  English 
  File size ‏ : ‎  47578 KB 
  Text-to-Speech ‏ : ‎  Enabled 
  Screen Reader ‏ : ‎  Supported 
  Enhanced typesetting ‏ : ‎  Enabled 
  X-Ray ‏ : ‎  Not Enabled 
  Word Wise ‏ : ‎  Not Enabled 
  Print length ‏ : ‎  310 pages 

     Customer reviews  
   
 5 star  4 star  3 star  2 star  1 star  5 star     0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  0% 
  5 star  4 star  3 star  2 star  1 star  4 star     0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  0% 
  5 star  4 star  3 star  2 star  1 star  3 star     0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  0% 
  5 star  4 star  3 star  2 star  1 star  2 star     0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  0% 
  5 star  4 star  3 star  2 star  1 star  1 star     0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  0% 

  How are ratings calculated?   To calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. Instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on Amazon. It also analyses reviews to verify trustworthiness.   

 View Image Gallery     

 Amazon Customer    
    
 5.0 out of 5 stars     
     
  Images in this review    

 No customer reviews   

 Report an issue  

  Does this item contain inappropriate content?    
 Report    

 Do you believe that this item violates a copyright?    
 Report    
   
 Does this item contain quality or formatting issues?    
 Report    

 Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations   
 ›   
 View or edit your browsing history    
   
 After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.    

  Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations   
 ›   
 View or edit your browsing history    
   
 After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.    

 Back to top    
  Get to Know Us   
 About Amazon 
  Careers 
  Press Releases 
  Amazon Science 

 Connect with Us   
 Facebook 
  Twitter 
  Instagram 

 Make Money with Us   
 Sell on Amazon 
  Sell under Amazon Accelerator 
  Protect and Build Your Brand 
  Amazon Global Selling 
  Supply to Amazon 
  Become an Affiliate 
  Fulfilment by Amazon 
  Advertise Your Products 
  Amazon Pay on Merchants 

 Let Us Help You   
 Your Account 
  Returns Centre 
  Recalls and Product Safety Alerts 
  100% Purchase Protection 
  Amazon App Download 
  Help 

 English     India     

 AbeBooks  
  Books, art  
  & collectibles | Amazon Web Services  
  Scalable Cloud  
  Computing Services | Audible  
  Download  
  Audio Books | IMDb  
  Movies, TV  
  & Celebrities 
 Shopbop  
  Designer  
  Fashion Brands | Amazon Business  
  Everything For  
  Your Business | Prime Now  
  2-Hour Delivery  
  on Everyday Items | Amazon Prime Music  
  100 million songs, ad-free  
  Over 15 million podcast episodes 

 Conditions of Use & Sale 
  Privacy Notice 
  Interest-Based Ads 
  © 1996-2024, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

97. ICDS_1 conference:
Home  // ICDS   
 ICDS 2023, The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society  
 Type:  conference  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editors:   
  Olga Levina, Technische Hochschule Brandenburg, Germany  
  Lasse Berntzen, University of South-Eastern Norway, Norway  
   
 ISSN:  2308-3956  
 ISBN:  978-1-68558-077-3  
 Location:  Venice, Italy  
 Dates:  from April 24, 2023 to April 28, 2023  
 Articles:  there are 13 articles  
 Taking the Matter in Their Own Hands – Can Business Unit Developers Fullfill their Digital Demands with Low-Code Development Platforms?   
  Katharina Frosch and Olga Levina  
  keywords:  low code development platforms; software development proces; digital novices; socially-aware software; performance indicators  
   
 Mobile Instant Messaging and User Interface Design - Different Age Groups, Different Requirements?   
  Olga Levina  
  keywords:  application requirements; usbality; user interface; age-based requirements; socially-aware information systems  
   
 Decision-Support Systems and Decision Making: Managing Decisional Deskilling in Human-DSS Interactions in Organizations   
  Nadine-Christine Wessel  
  keywords:  decisional deskilling; artificial intelligence; decision-support systems; financial services; mitigation techniques.  
   
 Implementing the Cyber Security Act in Public Financial Institutions in Ghana: What are the Constraints and Enabling factors?   
  Emmanuel Awuni Kolog and Tijani Mohamed  
  keywords:  information security; cyber security act; public financial institutions; Ghana.  
   
 Long-Term Risks of IoT Devices: The Case of the Smart Fridge   
  Erik Buchmann  
  keywords:  Internet of Things; Security; Risk Management  
   
 AI Philosophy: Sources of Legitimacy to Analyze Artificial Intelligence   
  Olga Gil  
  keywords:  Artificial intelligence; governance; philosophy; ethics; political theory  
   
 Design of Personalized Recommender System based on Hybrid Filtering and Fog Computing Architecture: Survey of Recent Personalized Recommender Systems in Ubiquitous and IoT Environment   
  Abdaoui Noura, Hadj Khalifa Ismahene, and Faiz Sami  
  keywords:  Ubiquitous Recommender System; personalized recommendation; hybrid recommender approach; fog architecture; IoT  
   
 The Open Government Data Digital Disconnect: Observations on Open Data Support by Local Government in Ireland   
  Theo Lynn, Jennifer Kennedy, Pierangelo Rosati, Grace Fox, Colm O'Gorman, Declan Curran, and Kate Hynes  
  keywords:  open data; Public Sector Information; PSI, open government; open government data; e-government; local government; local authorities  
   
 Web Accessibility of Irish Local Government Websites   
  Theo Lynn, Jennifer Kennedy, Pierangelo Rosati, Grace Fox, Colm O'Gorman, Declan Curran, and Kate Hynes  
  keywords:  web accessibility; mobile accessibility; accessi-bility audits; e-government; local government; web accessibility directive; local authorities  
   
 The Coloniality of Accessibility Links: From Universal Design to a Decolonial Model of (Dis)ability   
  Lorenzo Dalvit  
  keywords:  coloniality; (dis)ability; accessibility links; universal design; digital inclusion  
   
 Wine Live Label: A Consumer-Oriented Augmented Reality Design for Wine Labeling   
  Georgios Lappas, Alexandros Kleftodimos, Michalis Vrigkas, and Amalia Triantafillidou  
  keywords:  Augmented Reality; Wine labels; Digital Marketing; Consumer experience  
   
 CryptoPad: Dedicated Device for Convenient and Secure Wallet   
  Jione Choi, Kiseok Jeon, Junghee Lee, Junsik Sim, and Myungsun Kim  
  keywords:  Security, Cryptocurrency, Wallet  
   
 The Aggregator as a Trust Builder in a Renewable Energy System   
  Lasse Berntzen, Marius Rohde Johannessen, and Qian Meng  
  keywords:  smart grid; flexibility; trust; prosumer; aggregator; ecosystem; plain language.

98. ICDS_2 conference:
InfoSys 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICNS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Networking and Services 
  ICAS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems 
  ENERGY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Smart Grids, Green Communications and IT Energy-aware Technologies 
  WEB 2025 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Building and Exploring Web Based Environments 
  DBKDA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Databases, Knowledge, and Data Applications 
  SIGNAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Signal, Image and Video Processing 
  BIOTECHNO 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Bioinformatics, Biocomputational Systems and Biotechnologies 
  AIHealth 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-Health 
  InfoWare 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICCGI 2025 | , The Twentieth International Multi-Conference on Computing in the Global Information Technology 
  ICWMC 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Communications 
  VEHICULAR 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Advances in Vehicular Systems, Technologies and Applications 
  INTERNET 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Evolving Internet 
  COLLA 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Collaborative Networks, Systems and Applications 
  INTELLI 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Applications 
  VISUAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Applications and Systems of Visual Paradigms 
  HUSO 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Human and Social Analytics 
  BRAININFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Neuroscience and Cognitive Brain Information 
  DataSys 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 AICT 2025 | , The Twenty-Second Advanced International Conference on Telecommunications 
  ICIW 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet and Web Applications and Services 
  ICIMP 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet Monitoring and Protection 
  SMART 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Smart Cities, Systems, Devices and Technologies 
  IMMM 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in Information Mining and Management 
  INFOCOMP 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Communications and Computation 
  MOBILITY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Mobile Services, Resources, and Users 
  SPWID 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Smart Portable, Wearable, Implantable and Disability-oriented Devices and Systems 
  ACCSE 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Computation, Communications and Services 
  ComputationWorld 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 SERVICE COMPUTATION 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Service Computing 
  CLOUD COMPUTING 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Cloud Computing, GRIDs, and Virtualization 
  FUTURE COMPUTING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Future Computational Technologies and Applications 
  COGNITIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Cognitive Technologies and Applications 
  ADAPTIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Adaptive and Self-Adaptive Systems and Applications 
  CONTENT 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Creative Content Technologies 
  PATTERNS 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Pervasive Patterns and Applications 
  COMPUTATION TOOLS 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Computational Logics, Algebras, Programming, Tools, and Benchmarking 
  BUSTECH 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Business Intelligence and Technology 
  AIVR 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Immersive Virtual Reality 
  NexComm 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDT 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Digital Telecommunications 
  SPACOMM 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Satellite and Space Communications 
  ICN 2025 | , The Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Networks 
  ICONS 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems 
  MMEDIA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Multimedia 
  PESARO 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Performance, Safety and Robustness in Complex Systems and Applications 
  CTRQ 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Communication Theory, Reliability, and Quality of Service 
  ALLDATA 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Big Data, Small Data, Linked Data and Open Data 
  SOFTENG 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Advances and Trends in Software Engineering 
  DigitalWorld 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  IARIA Congress 2025   , The 2025 IARIA Annual Congress on Frontiers in Science, Technology, Services, and Applications  
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DigiTech 2025 Congress    
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DIGITAL 2025 | , Advances on Societal Digital Transformation 
  IoTAI 2025 | , The Second International Conference on IoT-AI 
  GPTMB 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Generative Pre-trained Transformer Models and Beyond 
  NexTech 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 UBICOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies 
  ADVCOMP 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advanced Engineering Computing and Applications in Sciences 
  SEMAPRO 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advances in Semantic Processing 
  AMBIENT 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Ambient Computing, Applications, Services and Technologies 
  EMERGING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Emerging Networks and Systems Intelligence 
  DATA ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Data Analytics 
  GLOBAL HEALTH 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Global Health Challenges 
  CYBER 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems 
  SoftNet 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICSEA 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  AISyS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-based Systems and Services 
  SocSys 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 PANDEMICS ANALYTICS 2025 | , International Conference on Pandemics Analytics 
  PREDICTION SOLUTIONS 2025 | , International Conference on Prediction Solutions for Technical and Societal Systems 
  SOCIETY TRENDS 2025 | , International Conference on Technical Advances and Human Consequences 
  MODERN SYSTEMS 2025 | , International Conference of Modern Systems Engineering Solutions 
  IoTUAV 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Internet of Things and Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles 
  NetWare 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 SENSORCOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Sensor Technologies and Applications 
  SENSORDEVICES 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Sensor Device Technologies and Applications 
  SECURWARE 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems and Technologies 
  AFIN 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Future Internet 
  CENICS 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Circuits, Electronics and Micro-electronics 
  ICQNM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Quantum, Nano/Bio, and Micro Technologies 
  FASSI 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Fundamentals and Advances in Software Systems Integration 
  GREEN 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Green Communications, Computing and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  TechWorld 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 EXPLAINABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Explainability 
  SCALABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Scalability and Expandability 
  VEHICULAR ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Vehicular Systems 
  WIRELESS ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Wireless and Telecommunications | InfoSys 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICNS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Networking and Services 
  ICAS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems 
  ENERGY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Smart Grids, Green Communications and IT Energy-aware Technologies 
  WEB 2025 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Building and Exploring Web Based Environments 
  DBKDA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Databases, Knowledge, and Data Applications 
  SIGNAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Signal, Image and Video Processing 
  BIOTECHNO 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Bioinformatics, Biocomputational Systems and Biotechnologies 
  AIHealth 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-Health 
  InfoWare 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICCGI 2025 | , The Twentieth International Multi-Conference on Computing in the Global Information Technology 
  ICWMC 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Communications 
  VEHICULAR 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Advances in Vehicular Systems, Technologies and Applications 
  INTERNET 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Evolving Internet 
  COLLA 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Collaborative Networks, Systems and Applications 
  INTELLI 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Applications 
  VISUAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Applications and Systems of Visual Paradigms 
  HUSO 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Human and Social Analytics 
  BRAININFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Neuroscience and Cognitive Brain Information 
  DataSys 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 AICT 2025 | , The Twenty-Second Advanced International Conference on Telecommunications 
  ICIW 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet and Web Applications and Services 
  ICIMP 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet Monitoring and Protection 
  SMART 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Smart Cities, Systems, Devices and Technologies 
  IMMM 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in Information Mining and Management 
  INFOCOMP 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Communications and Computation 
  MOBILITY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Mobile Services, Resources, and Users 
  SPWID 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Smart Portable, Wearable, Implantable and Disability-oriented Devices and Systems 
  ACCSE 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Computation, Communications and Services 
  ComputationWorld 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 SERVICE COMPUTATION 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Service Computing 
  CLOUD COMPUTING 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Cloud Computing, GRIDs, and Virtualization 
  FUTURE COMPUTING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Future Computational Technologies and Applications 
  COGNITIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Cognitive Technologies and Applications 
  ADAPTIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Adaptive and Self-Adaptive Systems and Applications 
  CONTENT 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Creative Content Technologies 
  PATTERNS 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Pervasive Patterns and Applications 
  COMPUTATION TOOLS 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Computational Logics, Algebras, Programming, Tools, and Benchmarking 
  BUSTECH 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Business Intelligence and Technology 
  AIVR 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Immersive Virtual Reality 
  NexComm 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDT 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Digital Telecommunications 
  SPACOMM 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Satellite and Space Communications 
  ICN 2025 | , The Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Networks 
  ICONS 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems 
  MMEDIA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Multimedia 
  PESARO 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Performance, Safety and Robustness in Complex Systems and Applications 
  CTRQ 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Communication Theory, Reliability, and Quality of Service 
  ALLDATA 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Big Data, Small Data, Linked Data and Open Data 
  SOFTENG 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Advances and Trends in Software Engineering 
  DigitalWorld 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  IARIA Congress 2025   , The 2025 IARIA Annual Congress on Frontiers in Science, Technology, Services, and Applications  
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DigiTech 2025 Congress    
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DIGITAL 2025 | , Advances on Societal Digital Transformation 
  IoTAI 2025 | , The Second International Conference on IoT-AI 
  GPTMB 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Generative Pre-trained Transformer Models and Beyond 
  NexTech 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 UBICOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies 
  ADVCOMP 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advanced Engineering Computing and Applications in Sciences 
  SEMAPRO 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advances in Semantic Processing 
  AMBIENT 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Ambient Computing, Applications, Services and Technologies 
  EMERGING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Emerging Networks and Systems Intelligence 
  DATA ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Data Analytics 
  GLOBAL HEALTH 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Global Health Challenges 
  CYBER 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems 
  SoftNet 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICSEA 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  AISyS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-based Systems and Services 
  SocSys 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 PANDEMICS ANALYTICS 2025 | , International Conference on Pandemics Analytics 
  PREDICTION SOLUTIONS 2025 | , International Conference on Prediction Solutions for Technical and Societal Systems 
  SOCIETY TRENDS 2025 | , International Conference on Technical Advances and Human Consequences 
  MODERN SYSTEMS 2025 | , International Conference of Modern Systems Engineering Solutions 
  IoTUAV 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Internet of Things and Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles 
  NetWare 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 SENSORCOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Sensor Technologies and Applications 
  SENSORDEVICES 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Sensor Device Technologies and Applications 
  SECURWARE 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems and Technologies 
  AFIN 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Future Internet 
  CENICS 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Circuits, Electronics and Micro-electronics 
  ICQNM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Quantum, Nano/Bio, and Micro Technologies 
  FASSI 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Fundamentals and Advances in Software Systems Integration 
  GREEN 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Green Communications, Computing and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  TechWorld 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 EXPLAINABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Explainability 
  SCALABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Scalability and Expandability 
  VEHICULAR ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Vehicular Systems 
  WIRELESS ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Wireless and Telecommunications | ThinkMind  // ICDS, International Conference on Digital Society   
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-3956  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICDS 2011, The Fifth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2012, The Sixth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2013, The Seventh International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2014, The Eighth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2015, The Ninth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2016, The Tenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2017, The Eleventh International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2018, The Twelfth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2019, The Thirteenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2020, The Fourteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2021, The Fifteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2022, The Sixteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2023, The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2024, The Eighteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
 SERVICES   CONTACT   
  2010 - 2022 © ThinkMind. All rights reserved.  
  Read Terms of Service  and Privacy Policy  . | ThinkMind  // ICDS, International Conference on Digital Society   
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-3956  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICDS 2011, The Fifth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2012, The Sixth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2013, The Seventh International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2014, The Eighth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2015, The Ninth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2016, The Tenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2017, The Eleventh International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2018, The Twelfth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2019, The Thirteenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2020, The Fourteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2021, The Fifteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2022, The Sixteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2023, The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2024, The Eighteenth International Conference on Digital Society | SERVICES   CONTACT   
  2010 - 2022 © ThinkMind. All rights reserved.  
  Read Terms of Service  and Privacy Policy  . |  
 InfoSys 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICNS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Networking and Services 
  ICAS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems 
  ENERGY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Smart Grids, Green Communications and IT Energy-aware Technologies 
  WEB 2025 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Building and Exploring Web Based Environments 
  DBKDA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Databases, Knowledge, and Data Applications 
  SIGNAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Signal, Image and Video Processing 
  BIOTECHNO 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Bioinformatics, Biocomputational Systems and Biotechnologies 
  AIHealth 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-Health 
  InfoWare 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICCGI 2025 | , The Twentieth International Multi-Conference on Computing in the Global Information Technology 
  ICWMC 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Communications 
  VEHICULAR 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Advances in Vehicular Systems, Technologies and Applications 
  INTERNET 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Evolving Internet 
  COLLA 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Collaborative Networks, Systems and Applications 
  INTELLI 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Applications 
  VISUAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Applications and Systems of Visual Paradigms 
  HUSO 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Human and Social Analytics 
  BRAININFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Neuroscience and Cognitive Brain Information 
  DataSys 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 AICT 2025 | , The Twenty-Second Advanced International Conference on Telecommunications 
  ICIW 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet and Web Applications and Services 
  ICIMP 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet Monitoring and Protection 
  SMART 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Smart Cities, Systems, Devices and Technologies 
  IMMM 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in Information Mining and Management 
  INFOCOMP 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Communications and Computation 
  MOBILITY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Mobile Services, Resources, and Users 
  SPWID 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Smart Portable, Wearable, Implantable and Disability-oriented Devices and Systems 
  ACCSE 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Computation, Communications and Services 
  ComputationWorld 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 SERVICE COMPUTATION 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Service Computing 
  CLOUD COMPUTING 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Cloud Computing, GRIDs, and Virtualization 
  FUTURE COMPUTING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Future Computational Technologies and Applications 
  COGNITIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Cognitive Technologies and Applications 
  ADAPTIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Adaptive and Self-Adaptive Systems and Applications 
  CONTENT 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Creative Content Technologies 
  PATTERNS 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Pervasive Patterns and Applications 
  COMPUTATION TOOLS 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Computational Logics, Algebras, Programming, Tools, and Benchmarking 
  BUSTECH 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Business Intelligence and Technology 
  AIVR 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Immersive Virtual Reality 
  NexComm 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDT 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Digital Telecommunications 
  SPACOMM 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Satellite and Space Communications 
  ICN 2025 | , The Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Networks 
  ICONS 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems 
  MMEDIA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Multimedia 
  PESARO 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Performance, Safety and Robustness in Complex Systems and Applications 
  CTRQ 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Communication Theory, Reliability, and Quality of Service 
  ALLDATA 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Big Data, Small Data, Linked Data and Open Data 
  SOFTENG 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Advances and Trends in Software Engineering 
  DigitalWorld 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  IARIA Congress 2025   , The 2025 IARIA Annual Congress on Frontiers in Science, Technology, Services, and Applications  
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DigiTech 2025 Congress    
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DIGITAL 2025 | , Advances on Societal Digital Transformation 
  IoTAI 2025 | , The Second International Conference on IoT-AI 
  GPTMB 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Generative Pre-trained Transformer Models and Beyond 
  NexTech 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 UBICOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies 
  ADVCOMP 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advanced Engineering Computing and Applications in Sciences 
  SEMAPRO 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advances in Semantic Processing 
  AMBIENT 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Ambient Computing, Applications, Services and Technologies 
  EMERGING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Emerging Networks and Systems Intelligence 
  DATA ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Data Analytics 
  GLOBAL HEALTH 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Global Health Challenges 
  CYBER 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems 
  SoftNet 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICSEA 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  AISyS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-based Systems and Services 
  SocSys 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 PANDEMICS ANALYTICS 2025 | , International Conference on Pandemics Analytics 
  PREDICTION SOLUTIONS 2025 | , International Conference on Prediction Solutions for Technical and Societal Systems 
  SOCIETY TRENDS 2025 | , International Conference on Technical Advances and Human Consequences 
  MODERN SYSTEMS 2025 | , International Conference of Modern Systems Engineering Solutions 
  IoTUAV 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Internet of Things and Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles 
  NetWare 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 SENSORCOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Sensor Technologies and Applications 
  SENSORDEVICES 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Sensor Device Technologies and Applications 
  SECURWARE 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems and Technologies 
  AFIN 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Future Internet 
  CENICS 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Circuits, Electronics and Micro-electronics 
  ICQNM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Quantum, Nano/Bio, and Micro Technologies 
  FASSI 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Fundamentals and Advances in Software Systems Integration 
  GREEN 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Green Communications, Computing and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  TechWorld 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 EXPLAINABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Explainability 
  SCALABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Scalability and Expandability 
  VEHICULAR ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Vehicular Systems 
  WIRELESS ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Wireless and Telecommunications 
 ThinkMind  // ICDS, International Conference on Digital Society   
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-3956  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICDS 2011, The Fifth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2012, The Sixth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2013, The Seventh International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2014, The Eighth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2015, The Ninth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2016, The Tenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2017, The Eleventh International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2018, The Twelfth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2019, The Thirteenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2020, The Fourteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2021, The Fifteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2022, The Sixteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2023, The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2024, The Eighteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
 SERVICES   CONTACT   
  2010 - 2022 © ThinkMind. All rights reserved.  
  Read Terms of Service  and Privacy Policy  .

99. ICDS_3 conference:
Home  // ICDS, International Conference on Digital Society  
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-3956  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICDS 2011, The Fifth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2012, The Sixth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2013, The Seventh International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2014, The Eighth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2015, The Ninth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2016, The Tenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2017, The Eleventh International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2018, The Twelfth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2019, The Thirteenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2020, The Fourteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2021, The Fifteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2022, The Sixteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2023, The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2024, The Eighteenth International Conference on Digital Society

100. DCAI_0 conference:
Desplegar navegación        
 Organization | Organising committee 
  Program committee 
  Programme | Scientific programme 
  Social programme 
  Tracks | Main track 
  Special Sessions | Special Session on Artificial Intelligence for enhanced cyber security (AI4CS) 
  Special Session on AI–driven methods for Multimodal Networks and Processes Modeling (AIMPM) 
  Special Session on Advances in Sustainable Economics and Technology (ASET) 
  Special Session on Computational Linguistics, Information, Reasoning, and AI (CLIRAI) 
  Special Session on the next generation of IoT infrastructures, cybersecurity, and applications (IoTalentum) 
  Special Session on Intelligent Systems Applications (ISA) 
  Special Session on Power System Optimization and Machine Learning Models (PSO-ML) 
  Special Session on Smart Factories of the Future (SmartFoF) 
  Special Session on New perspectives and solutions in Cultural Heritage (TECTONIC) 
  Doctoral consortium 
  Plenary Speakers 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Co-located Events 
  Local information | Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Guimarães 
  How to reach Guimarães 

  DCAI Conference 2023  

   MDPI Electronics Best Paper Awards    
   MDPI Systems Best Paper Awards    
   
     Contact us:  
  info@dcai-conference.net    

 Organization | Organising committee 
  Program committee 
  Programme | Scientific programme 
  Social programme 
  Tracks | Main track 
  Special Sessions | Special Session on Artificial Intelligence for enhanced cyber security (AI4CS) 
  Special Session on AI–driven methods for Multimodal Networks and Processes Modeling (AIMPM) 
  Special Session on Advances in Sustainable Economics and Technology (ASET) 
  Special Session on Computational Linguistics, Information, Reasoning, and AI (CLIRAI) 
  Special Session on the next generation of IoT infrastructures, cybersecurity, and applications (IoTalentum) 
  Special Session on Intelligent Systems Applications (ISA) 
  Special Session on Power System Optimization and Machine Learning Models (PSO-ML) 
  Special Session on Smart Factories of the Future (SmartFoF) 
  Special Session on New perspectives and solutions in Cultural Heritage (TECTONIC) 
  Doctoral consortium 
  Plenary Speakers 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Co-located Events 
  Local information | Venue 
  Accommodation 
  Guimarães 
  How to reach Guimarães 

 Guimarães (Portugal) - Hybrid  
 12th-14th July, 2023  

 20th International Conference on Distributed Computing and Artificial Intelligence  
 Guimarães (Portugal) | 12th-14th July, 2023 | www.dcai-conference.net   

  The 20th International Conference on Distributed Computing and Artificial Intelligence 2023 is an annual forum that will bring together ideas, projects and knowledge associated with distributed computing and artificial intelligence, and their application in different areas. This meeting will be held in Guimarães (Portugal) within PAAMS'23  , from 12th to 14th July, 2023.  
 Nowadays, most computing systems, ranging from personal laptops/computers to cluster/grid/cloud computing systems, are capable of parallel and distributed computing. Distributed computing performs an increasingly important role in modern signal/data processing, information fusion and electronics engineering (e.g., electronic commerce, mobile communications and wireless devices). Particularly, applying artificial intelligence in distributed environments is becoming an element of high added value and economic potential. Research on Intelligent Distributed Systems has matured over the last decade and many effective applications are now being deployed. Artificial intelligence is changing our society. Its application in distributed environments, such as the Internet, electronic commerce, mobile communications, wireless devices, distributed computing, is becoming more widespread, and is becoming an element of high added value and economic potential, in both industry and research. These technologies are changing constantly as a result of the large research and technical effort being undertaken in both universities and businesses. The exchange of ideas between scientists and technicians from both academic and business backgrounds is essential to facilitating the development of systems that meet the demands of today's society. Technology transfer in this field is still a challenge and for that reason this type of contributions will be given special consideration at this symposium.  
  Proceedings of DCAI 2022 (Main track) are available:  

  Distributed Computing and Artificial Intelligence  
 19th International Conference, DCAI 2022  
 Editors:  Sigeru Omatu, Rashid Mehmood, Pawel Sitek, Serafino Cicerone, Sara Rodríguez  
 More information    
   
  Proceedings of DCAI 2022 (Special Sessions) are available:  

  Distributed Computing and Artificial Intelligence, Special Sessions  
 19th International Conference, DCAI 2022  
 Editors:  José Manuel Machado, Pablo Chamoso, Guillermo Hernández, Grzegorz Bocewicz, Roussanka Loukanova, Esteban Jove, Angel Martin del Rey, Michela Ricca  
 More information    
   
  The proceedings of the previous edition are available:  
 https://link.springer.com/conference/dcai   

 Get our official event app      
   
 iOS  Android    

 General deadlines  
 Deadline (Maintrack and Special Sessions) | 24th March, 2023   
  14th April, 2023   
  24th April, 2023 (last extension) 
  Deadline (Doctoral Consortium) | 14th April, 2023   
  21st April, 2023   
  28th April, 2023 (last extension) 
  Notification of acceptance | 3rd May, 2023   
  11th May, 2023   
  15th May, 2023 
  Camera-Ready papers | 19th May, 2023   
  22nd May, 2023 
  Conference Celebration | 12th-14th July, 2023 

 Special Issues  
 The Scientific Committee of the co-located conferences in collaboration with the guest editors will select the best papers from those presented in the conferences to be considered for publication in the following Special Issues:  
   Authors of selected papers from PAAMS and Co-located Events will be invited to submit an extended and improved version to a Special Issue "Frontiers of Agents and Multiagent Systems" published in MDPI Sensors Journal (ISSN: 1424-8220, JCR (2021): 3.847 (Q2))     Authors of selected papers from PAAMS and Co-located Events will be invited to submit an extended and improved version to a Special Issue "Edge Computing in IoT Networks Based on Artificial Intelligence" published in MDPI Sensors Journal (ISSN: 1424-8220, JCR (2021): 3.847 (Q2))     Authors of selected papers from PAAMS and Co-located Events will be invited to submit an extended and improved version to a Special Issue "Advanced Architectures for Hybrid Edge Analytics Models on Adaptive Smart Areas" published in MDPI Electronics Journal (ISSN: 2079-9292, JCR (2021): 2.690 (Q3))     Authors of selected papers from PAAMS and Co-located Events will be invited to submit an extended and improved version to a Special Issue "Trends in Practical Applications of Agents, Multi-Agent Systems and Simulating Cognitive Mimetics" published in MDPI Systems Journal (ISSN: 2079-8954, JCR (2021): 2.895 (Q2))     Authors of selected papers from PAAMS and Co-located Events will be invited to submit an extended and improved version to a Special Issue published in ADCAIJ (ISSN: 2255-2863, JCI (2021): 0,05(Q4)) indexed in DOAJ, ProQuest, Scholar, WorldCat, Dialnet, Sherpa ROMEO, Dulcinea, UlrichWeb, Emerging Sources Citation Index of Thomson Reuters, BASE y Academic Journals Database.     

 DCAI'22 awards  
 BEST PAPER   
 "A Study on Different Text Representation Methods for the Negative Selection Algorithm"  by Matheus A. Ferraria, Vinicius A. Ferraria and Leandro Nunes de Castro  
   
 BEST PAPER APPLICATION   
 "Deep Learning for Short-term Instant Energy Consumption Forecasting in the Manufacturing Sector"  by Nuno Oliveira, Norberto Sousa and Isabel Praça  

 2022 Electronics MDPI Best papers  
   
     "Nature-inspired algorithms and individual decision-making"  by Juan Manuel Sánchez-Cartas and Inés Pérez-Sancristóbal  
    "Real-time algorithm recommendation using meta-learning"  by Guilherme Palumbo, Miguel Guimarães, Davide Carneiro, Paulo Novais, and Victor Alves  
    "A Flexible Agent Architecture in SPADE"  by Javier Palanca, Jaime A. Rincon, Carlos Carrascosa, Vicente Julian, and Andres Terrasa  
    "A Hybrid Model to Classify Physical Activity Profiles"  by Vítor Crista, Diogo Martinho, Jorge Meira, João Carneiro, Juan Corchado and Goreti Marreiros  

 2022 Systems MDPI Best Papers  
   
    First Award:  "The use of corporate architecture in planning and automation of production processes"  by Zbigniew Juzoń, Jarosław Wikarek, and Paweł Sitek  
   Second Award:  "Data Synchronization in Distributed Simulation of Multi-Agent Systems"  by Paul Breugnot, Bénédicte Herrmann, Christophe Lang, and Laurent Philippe  
   Third Award:  "The case for Somalia and Sudan debt relief. Insights from the evolution of HIPC countries using machine learning methods"  by Tony Persico  

 Sponsors  

 Organizers  

 Support from National Associations  

 © Copyright 2023

