1. Conference ICCSA_0:
Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Submission site 

 You are here:  Home 

 The 25th International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications   https://iccsa.org  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/banner.jpg     
 The 25th International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications  

 The 25th International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA 2025) will be held on June 30- July 3, 2025 in collaboration with Galatasaray University, Istanbul, Türkiye.  
 ICCSA 2025 will be the next event in a series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA), previously held in Hanoi, Vietnam  (2024), Athens, Greece  (2023), Malaga, Spain  (2022), Cagliari, Italy  (2021), Online  (2020), in Saint Petersburg, Russia  (2019), Melbourne, Australia  (2018), Trieste, Italy  (2017), Beijing. China  (2016), Banff, Canada  (2015), Guimaraes, Portugal  (2014), Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam  (2013), Salvador de Bahia, Brazil (2012), Santander, Spain (2011), Fukuoka, Japan (2010), Suwon, Korea (2009), Perugia, Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (2007), Glasgow, UK (2006), Singapore (2005), Assisi, Italy (2004), Montreal, Canada (2003), and (as ICCS) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco, USA (2001). The first ICCSA conference was co-organized by C.J.K. Tan (UK) and M. Gavrilova (U of Calgary, Canada) in 2003.  
 Computational Science is a main pillar of most present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting innovative Information and Communication Technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers an opportunity to discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced solutions to enable shaping new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition.  
 All accepted papers will be included in the Springer  Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS)   series which is indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services. The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  

 You can check all ICCSA Conference volumes published by Springer since 2003   at the following URL:  https://link.springer.com/conference/iccsa   
 Springer is able to manage ORCID related to the authors and the Proceedings Volumes Editors! Please add the ORCID related to each author of your submitted paper to avoid mismatches in bibliometric mapping!!!     
 Warning: Fake ICCSA Conference by WASET   
  We have noticed the existence of organisations such as WASET that run fake “conferences” in order to make profit with the registration fees, often spoofing the names of real conferences. WASET claims to be organising a conference called ICCSA next year, which is a FAKE ICCSA conference.  
  The Real ICCSA conference has been organised by the ICCSA Society since 2003. We do not have any involvement with WASET. Please spread this news to your contacts and communities so that nobody mistakenly participates to such fake conferences.  
  WASET is predator publisher. Go to this Wiki Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Academy_of_Science,_Engineering_and_Technology   
 The conference is organized in cooperation with:   
  Galatasaray University  , Türkiye   
   
 This conference is proudly sponsored by:  

  The African Mathematical Union   
  Springer International Publishing      
  
   The University of Massachusets, USA   
  
    University of Perugia   , Italy   
  
  University of Basilicata   , Italy   

   Monash University  , Australia    

  Kyushu Sangyo University   , Japan   

  University of Minho   , Portugal   
   
   University of Cagliari  , Italy   

 Quick Links  
 Instructions for  Authors   
 Registration Info   
 ORCID   
 Publishing Open Access in LNCS    
 Important  Dates    
 Social Links   

 Related links  
 Venue  

 Special issues  
 Fractals  

 Previous ICCSA editons  
 ICCSA 2024, Hanoi, Vietnam  ( Main site  , Electronic submission site),  Blended form, part in presence, part online.  
 ICCSA 2023, Athens, Greece (  Main site  ,  Electronic submission site  )  , Blended form, part in presence, part online  
 ICCSA 2022, Malaga, Spain  (  Main site  ,  Electronic submission site  )  , Blended form, part in presence, part online  
 ICCSA 2021, Cagliari, Italy  (  Main site  ,  Electronic submission site  )  , Blended form, part in presence, part online  
 ICCSA 2020  (  Main site  , Electronic submission site  ), Online  
 ICCSA 2019, Saint Petersburg, Russia   
 ICCSA 2018, Melbourne, Australia   
 ICCSA 2017, Trieste, Italy   
 ICCSA 2016, Beijing, China   
 ICCSA 2015, Banff, Canada   
 ICCSA 2014, Guimaraes, Portugal   
 ICCSA 2013, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   

 «  December 2024 »   
  
 Su | Mo | Tu | We | Th | Fr | Sa 
 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 
 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 
 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 
 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 | 28 
 29 | 30 | 31 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 

 News   
 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open! | Nov 21, 2024 
  The call for Workshop proposals has been extended to November 7, 2024 | Oct 28, 2024 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2024 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Site Map 
  Accessibility 
  Contact 

  
Call for papers data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Submission site 

 You are here:  Home 
  The submission of abstracts and full papers is open! 

 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open!   https://iccsa.org/the-submission-of-abstracts-and-full-papers-is-open  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/banner.jpg     
 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open!  

 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open!  
 We remind you that contributions to be considered for the review phase involve submitting the abstract (phase 1) and then the PDF related to the full paper (phase 2).  
 All authors of a paper must have registered to the Electronic Submission System  in advance.  

 News   
 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open! | Nov 21, 2024 
  The call for Workshop proposals has been extended to November 7, 2024 | Oct 28, 2024 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2024 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Site Map 
  Accessibility 
  Contact 

  Important dates data: 
undefined

2. Conference ICCSA_1:
Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Submission Site 
  Programme 

 You are here:  Home 

 The 20th International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications   https://2020.iccsa.org  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png     
 The 20th International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications  

 The 20th International Conference on Computational Science and its Applications   https://2020.iccsa.org/front-page  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   The 20th International Conference on Computational Science and its Applications   
 For news and updates, follow ICCSA on Facebook.   
  If you're participating at the conference, don't forget to join ICCSA Riot  for the meetups (once in Riot, make sure to join in the rooms "ICCSA 2020 Official Announcements" and "ICCSA 2020 Lobby").  
   
 Certificates of attendance now available  
 11th July 2020  
 Dear ICCSA participants,  
   
  The certificates of attendance are now available in the the registration and submission platform  .  
  You will be able to download your certificate, together with the invoice, on your page in the registration platform.  
 For any changes or corrections, please send you requests:  
 for the certificate of attendance, to Chiara Garau ( | cgarau@unica.it | ) 
  for the invoice, to Beniamino Murgante ( | beniamino.murgante@unibas.it | ) 
  Soon, we will put online also the certificates for workshop and session chairs.  
   
 Certificates of attendance coming soon...  
 6th July 2020  
 Dear ICCSA participants,  
   
  The certificates of attendance will be generated in bulk from the data you’ve inserted on the registration and submission platform  .  
  You will find your certificate on your page in the registration platform when it is ready.  
 To put the correct information on the certificates, please make sure that your data (names, affiliation, etc.) is correct on the platform before 8th July  .  
  Shortly thereafter, we will produce the certificates and inform you on ICCSA website that they are ready.  
 We will follow the same procedure for workshop chairs, who will thus find two certificates on their page in the registration platform.  
 Thank you.  
   
 Thank you!  
 Sunday, 5th July 2020  
  
  Dear colleagues, friends, ICCSA 2020 participants,  
  
  Thank you for participating at ICCSA 2020. We hope you all had a productive and pleasant conference experience.  
 Our Riot platform will remain open to let you access the presentations, and for whatever use you want to make of it.  
 In the next days we will process requests, certificates, and other pending issues, including wrapping up the proceedings.  
 In case you missed the key events of the conference, we remind you that they are all available on YouTube:  
 Opening Ceremony | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbtNqoWC3Zo 
  Opening Keynote lecture | Yaneer Bar-Yam | "Complexity: Modelling and Risk Management for Covid" | https://youtu.be/3jDhM_sjxrw 
  Keynote lecture | Vincenzo Piuri | "Ambient intelligence for smart living" | https://youtu.be/ZJ24ETc3ZCM 
  Keynote lecture | Cecilia Ceccarelli | "Astrochemistry: a new challenge for computational chemistry" | https://youtu.be/eDUZeSDxO04 
  Closing Keynote Panel, including Best Papers Award and Closing Ceremony | Mike Batty, Denise Pumain and Alexis Tsoukiàs | "POST-PANDEMIC CITIES: | How to think about the future, without predicting it." | https://youtu.be/qF_Xve5sDyo 
   
 Thank you again, and looking forward seeing you next year at ICCSA2021, hopefully in Cagliari!  
   
 Day 4 Key Events (4th July)  
 4:00 - 5:30 p.m. CET Closing Keynote Panel  
  MIKE BATTY, DENISE PUMAIN, ALEXIS TSOUKIÀS  
  "POST-PANDEMIC CITIES:  
  How to think about the future, without predicting it."  
  YouTube live stream 
  Immediately after: Best Papers Awards and Closing Ceremony 
    
 Day 3 Key Events (3rd July)  
 3:00 - 4:00 p.m. CET Keynote  
  CECILIA CECCHARELLI  
  "Astrochemistry: a new challenge for computational chemistry"  
  YouTube live stream    
   
  Visit Keynote Lectures  page for more information. 
  Parallel sessions | take place from 9:00 a.m. to 2 p.m. and from 4:30 a.m. to 19:30 p.m. CET 
    
 Day 2 Key Events (2nd July)  
 3:00 - 4:00 p.m. CET Keynote Lecture  
  VINCENZO PIURI  
  "Ambient intelligence for smart living"  
  YouTube live stream    
   
  Visit Keynote Lectures  page for more information. 
  Parallel sessions | take place from 9:00 a.m. to 2 p.m. and from 4:30 a.m. to 19:30 p.m. CET 
    
 Day 1 Key Events (1st July)  
 2:15 - 2:45 p.m. Opening Ceremony   
  YouTube live stream | with the official welcome address by Corrado Zoppi, | President of the Faculty of Engineering and Architecture, University of Cagliari 

 3:00-4:00 p.m. Opening Keynote Lecture  
  YANEER BAR-YAM, "Complexity: Modelling and Risk Management for Covid"   
  YouTube live stream | Visit | Keynote Lectures | page for more information. 
  Parallel sessions  take place from 9:00 a.m. to 2 p.m. and from 4:30 a.m. to 19:30 p.m. CET 
   
 UPDATED Full Conference Timetable  
 30th June 2020, 11:45 p.m. CET  
 We have UPDATED the full conference timetable. Check it out...    
   
 The Guide to ICCSA2020 Parallel Sessions  
 29th June 2020, 8 a.m. CET  
 We're publishing the guide on how to participate in the parallel sessions. It provides all the essential instructions on how to watch or join, participate and present in the sessions.  
 We ask all the ICCSA 2020 participants to read it carefully. The session chairs should pay extra attention for the directions about chairing sessions.  
 Go to the Guide...   
   
 "First Contact" meetups kick off  
 17th June, 2020, 1:00 a.m. CET.  
 We're kicking off the pre-conference meetups on the ICCSA Riot platform!   
 Right now, Europe and Africa are going to sleep, but the Pacific, Australia and Asia are gradually waking up. And the Americas are still up, although it's still 25th there.   
  So, feel free to look around, find your workshops and tracks, have a look at the uploaded presentations. (Some are still missing, but they are likely coming in the next hours...)   
 To learn how to access the ICCSA Riot platform, please see " How to ICCSA  " page.   
 Have a good and pleasant "first contact".   
   
 Detailed conference programme coming soon...  
 26th June 2020  
 Dear ICCSA participants,  
 Just a brief update, to inform you that we're now in the process of building the detailed timetable of the parallel sessions.  
 Yesterday was the deadline for registration, so now that we have the full picture, it will take us few days to build the timetable.  
 Considering we need to fit all the papers in sessions, assign chairs, and check with workshop chairs about the order of presentations, we plan to publish it by Monday 29th June.  
 Just to give you an idea, w e’re planning to run 6 parallel videoconferencing rooms on ICCSA Jitsi platform.   
  Following the rough time landscape in " Programme at a glance  ", the timetable will be organised in 1-hour time slots, with 4 papers presented per hour.   
  As you know, we’re allocating 10 minutes for each paper (8 min. presentation + 2 min.), so with 4 papers per hour we will be incorporating some robustness into it, with some extra time the session chairs will have at their disposal.   
 Thank you for your attention, and see you soon for the " First contact  ": the pre-conference meetups...   
   
 Programme at a glance  
 24th June, 2020  
 We have published the " Programme at a glance  " page.  
 We remind all the participants to go through the " How to ICCSA  " page, for instructions on sending their presentations and joining the pre-conference meetups.  
 Also, we invite workshop chairs to start creating rooms and uploading received presentations at the ICCSA Riot platform.  
 Thank you.  
   
 How to ICCSA (2020 Edition)  
 21th June, 2020  
 Dear ICCSA 2020 participants,  
 We have published the "How to ICCSA" page. In this page we present an overview of the conference activities, and want to give you preliminary guidelines and instructions for you to be able to participate.  
 To offer a well-rounded conference experience, we are organising  two types of activities   for each main track and workshop:  
 “First Contact” | : pre-conference asynchronous meetups, from 27th June 
  “The Thing” | : live, synchronous presentation and discussion sessions during the days of the conference, from 1st to 4th July 
  So, read on...    
   
 Keynote line-up  
 21th June, 2020  
 We believe we have secured a formidable  line-up of speakers for t  his year's conference. We will have three keynote lectures and the closing keynote panel:  
 1st July: Opening Keynote Lecture | Yaneer Bar-Yam, "Complexity: Modelling and Risk Management for Covid" 
  2nd July: Keynote Lecture | Vincenzo Piuri, "Ambient Intelligence for Smart Living" 
  3rd July: Keynote Lecture | Cecilia Ceccarelli, "Astrochemistry: a New Challenge for Computational Chemistry" 
  4th July: Closing keynote panel | Mike Batty, Denise Pumain and Alexis Tsoukias, "POST-PANDEMIC CITIES: How to think about the future, without predicting it." 
  All the keynote events will be streamed live on ICCSA Youtube channel. (We will publish the link few days before the conference start).  
 For more information on the invited speakers and their talks see the Keynote lectures page  .   
   
 ABOUT ICCSA 2020  
 The 20 th International Conference on Computational Science and Applications  ( ICCSA 2020  ) has been held on July  1  - 4,  2020 ONLINE in collaboration with the University of Cagliari, Italy.   
 ICCSA 2020 has been the next event in a series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA), previously held in Saint Petersburg, Russia (2019), Melbourne, Australia (2018), Trieste, Italy (2017), Beijing. China (2016), Banff, Canada (2015), Guimaraes, Portugal (2014), Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (2013), Salvador de Bahia, Brazil (2012), Santander, Spain (2011), Fukuoka, Japan (2010), Suwon, Korea (2009), Perugia, Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (2007), Glasgow, UK (2006), Singapore (2005), Assisi, Italy (2004), Montreal, Canada (2003), and (as ICCS) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco, USA (2001). The first ICCSA conference was co-organized by C.J.K. Tan (UK) and M. Gavrilova (U of Calgary, Canada) in 2003.  
 Computational Science is a main pillar of most of the present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting Information and Communication Technologies as innovative technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers a real opportunity to discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced enabling solutions able to shape new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition.  
 All accepted papers will be included in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS)  series and indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services. The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  

 Springer is able to manage ORCID ID related to the authors and the Proceedings Volumes Editors! Please add the ORCID ID related to each author of your submitted paper!!!     
 Warning: Fake ICCSA Conference by WASET   
  We have noticed the existence of organisations such as WASET that run fake “conferences” in order to make profit with the registration fees, often spoofing the names of real conferences. WASET claims to be organising a conference called ICCSA next year, which is a FAKE ICCSA conference.  
  The Real ICCSA conference has been organised by the ICCSA Society since 2003. We do not have any involvement with WASET. Please spread this news to your contacts and communities so that nobody mistakenly participates to such fake conferences.  
  WASET is predator publisher. Go to this Wiki Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Academy_of_Science,_Engineering_and_Technology    
 The conference is organized in cooperation with:   
  University of Cagliari    , Italy  

 This conference is proudly sponsored by:  

  Springer International Publishing      
  
  Computers Open Access Journal    
   
  IEEE Italy Section   

  Centre-North Italy Ch   apter IEEE GRSS   
  
  Italy Section of the Computer Society   
  
  University of Perugia  , Italy    
  
  University of Basilicata   , Italy   

   Monash University  , Australia    

  Kyushu Sangyo University   , Japan   

  University of Minho   , Portugal   
  
  Associazione Scientifica Infrastrutture Trasporto (Scientific Association Transport Infrastructures)  , Italy  

 Regione Autonoma della Sardegna   
   
 Comune di Cagliari   

 News  Site News  https://2020.iccsa.org/news  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   News   
 Site News   
 News     
  
 Site News  

 Events  Site Events  https://2020.iccsa.org/events  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   Events   
 Site Events   
 Events     
  
 Site Events  

 Committees   https://2020.iccsa.org/committees  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   Committees   
 Honorary General Chairs  
 Antonio Laganà, Master-UP srl, Italy  
  Norio Shiratori, Chuo University, Japan  
  Kenneth C. J. Tan, Sardinia Systems, UK  
  Corrado Zoppi, University of Cagliari, Italy  
 General Chairs  
 Osvaldo Gervasi, University of Perugia, Italy  
  Ivan Blecic, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  David Taniar, Monash University, Australia  
 Program Committee Chairs  
 Beniamino Murgante, University of Basilicata, Italy  
  Bernady O. Apduhan, Kyushu Sangyo University, Japan  
  Chiara Garau, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Ana Maria A.C. Rocha, University of Minho, Portugal  
 International Advisory Committee  
 Jemal Abawajy, Deakin University, Australia  
  Dharma P. Agrawal, University of Cincinnati, USA  
  Rajkumar Buyya, Melbourne University, Australia  
  Claudia Bauzer Medeiros, University of Campinas, Brazil  
  Manfred M. Fisher, Vienna University of Economics and Business, Austria  
  Marina L. Gavrilova, University of Calgary, Canada  
  Yee Leung, Chinese University of Hong Kong, China  
 International Liaison Chairs  
 Giuseppe Borruso, University of Trieste, Italy  
  Elise De Donker, Western Michigan University, USA  
  Maria Irene Falcão , University of Minho, Portugal   
  Robert C. H. Hsu, Chung Hua University,Taiwan  
  Tai-Hoon Kim, Beijing Jaotong University,  ,China  
  Vladimir Korkhov, Saint Petersburg University, Russia   
  Sanjay Misra, Covenant University, Nigeria  
  Takashi Naka, Kyushu Sangyo University, Japan  
  Rafael D.C. Santos, National Institute for Space Research, Brazil  
  Maribel Yasmina Santos, University of Minho, Portugal  
  Elena Stankova, Saint Petersburg University, Russia  

 Workshop and Session Organizing Chairs  
 Beniamino Murgante, University of Basilicata, Italy  
  Sanjay Misra, Covenant University, Nigeria  
  Jorge Gustavo Rocha, University of Minho, Portugal  
 Award Chair  
 Wenny Rahayu, La Trobe University, Australia  
 Publicity Committee  
 Elmer Dadios, De La Salle University, Philippines  
  Natalia Kulabukhova, Saint Petersburg University, Russia  
  Daisuke Takahashi, Tsukuba University, Japan  
  Shangwang Wang, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, China  
 Local Organizing Committee Chairs  
 Ivan Blecic, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Chiara Garau, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Ginevra Balletto, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Giuseppe Borruso, University of Trieste, Italy  
  Michele Campagna, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Mauro Coni, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Anna Maria Colavitti, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Giulia Desogus, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Sabrina Lai, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Francesca Maltinti, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Pasquale Mistretta, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Augusto Montisci, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Francesco Pinna, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Davide Spano, University of Cagliari  
  Roberto Tonelli, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Giuseppe A. Trunfio, University of Sassari  
  Corrado Zoppi, University of Cagliari, Italy  
 Technology Chairs  
 Damiano Perri, University of Florence, Italy  
  Marco Simonetti, University of Florence, Italy  
 Program Committee  
 Vera Afreixo, University of Aveiro, Portugal  
  Filipe Alvelos, University of Minho, Portugal  
  Hartmut Asche, University of Potsdam, Germany  
  Ginevra Balletto, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Michela Bertolotto, University College Dublin, Ireland  
  Sandro Bimonte, CEMAGREF, TSCF, France  
  Rod Blais, University of Calgary, Canada  
  Ivan Blečić, University of Sassari, Italy  
  Giuseppe Borruso, University of Trieste, Italy  
  Ana Cristina Braga, University of Minho, Portugal  
  Massimo Cafaro, University of Salento, Italy  
  Yves Caniou, Lyon University, France  
  José A. Cardoso e Cunha, Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal  
  Rui Cardoso, University of Beira Interior, Portugal  
  Leocadio G. Casado , University of Almeria, Spain  
  Carlo Cattani, University of Salerno, Italy  
  Mete Celik, Erciyes University, Turkey  
  Hyunseung Choo, Sungkyunkwan University, Korea  
  Min Young Chung, Sungkyunkwan University, Korea  
  Florbela Maria da Cruz Domingues Correia, Polytechnic Institute of Viana do Castelo, Portugal  
  Gilberto Corso Pereira, Federal University of Bahia, Brazil  
  Alessandro Costantini, INFN, Italy  
  Carla Dal Sasso Freitas, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul,  
   Brazil  
  Pradesh Debba, The Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), South Africa  
  Hendrik Decker, Instituto Tecnológico de Informática, Spain  
  Frank Devai, London South Bank University, UK  
  Rodolphe Devillers, Memorial University of Newfoundland, Canada  
  Joana Matos Dias, University of Coimbra, Portugal  
  Paolino Di Felice University of L'Aquila, Italy  
  Prabu Dorairaj, NetApp, India/USA  
  M. Irene Falcao, University of Minho, Portugal  
  Cherry Liu Fang, U.S. DOE Ames Laboratory, USA  
  Florbela P. Fernandes, Polytechnic Institute of Bragança, Portugal  
  Jose-Jesus Fernandez, National Centre for Biotechnology, CSIS, Spain  
  Paula Odete Fernandes, Polytechnic Institute of Bragança, Portugal  
  Adelaide de Fátima Baptista Valente Freitas, University of Aveiro,  
  Portugal  
  Manuel Carlos Figueiredo, University of Minho, Portugal  
  Maria Celia Furtado Rocha, PRODEB–PósCultura/UFBA, Brazil  
  Chiara Garau, University of Cagliari, Italy  
  Paulino Jose Garcia Nieto, University of Oviedo, Spain  
  Jerome Gensel, LSR-IMAG, France  
  Maria Giaoutzi, National Technical University, Athens, Greece  
  Arminda Manuela Andrade Pereira Gonçalves, University of Minho,  
  Portugal  
  Andrzej M. Goscinski, Deakin University, Australia  
  Sevin Gümgüm, Izmir University of Economics, Turkey  
  Alex Hagen-Zanker, University of Cambridge, UK  
  Shanmugasundaram Hariharan, B.S. Abdur Rahman University, India  
  Eligius M.T. Hendrix, University of Malaga/Wageningen University, Spain/Netherlands  
  Hisamoto Hiyoshi, Gunma University, Japan  
  Mustafa Inceoglu, EGE University, Turkey  
  Peter Jimack, University of Leeds, UK  
  Qun Jin, Waseda University, Japan  
  Farid Karimipour, Vienna University of Technology, Austria  
  Baris Kazar, Oracle Corp., USA  
  Maulana Adhinugraha Kiki, Telkom University, Indonesia  
  DongSeong Kim, University of Canterbury, New Zealand  
  Taihoon Kim, Hannam University, Korea  
  Ivana Kolingerova, University of West Bohemia, Czech Republic  
  Nataliia Kulabukhova, St.~Petersburg University, Russia  
  Vladimir Korkhov, St.~Petersburg University, Russia  
  Rosa Lasaponara, National Research Council, Italy  
  Maurizio Lazzari, National Research Council, Italy  
  Cheng Siong Lee, Monash University, Australia  
  Sangyoun Lee, Yonsei University, Korea  
  Jongchan Lee, Kunsan National University, Korea  
  Chendong Li, University of Connecticut, USA  
  Gang Li, Deakin University, Australia  
  Fang Liu, AMES Laboratories, USA  
  Xin Liu, University of Calgary, Canada  
  Andrea Lombardi, University of Perugia, Italy  
  Savino Longo, University of Bari, Italy  
  Tinghuai Ma, NanJing University of Information Science & Technology, China  
  Ernesto Marcheggiani, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium  
  Antonino Marvuglia, Research Centre Henri Tudor, Luxembourg  
  Nicola Masini National Research Council, Italy  
  Ilaria Matteucci, National Research Council, Italy  
   Eric Medvet, University of Trieste, Italy  
  Nirvana Meratnia, University of Twente, The Netherlands  
  Noelia Faginas Lago, University uf Perugia, Italy  
  Giuseppe Modica, University of Reggio Calabria, Italy  
  Josè Luis Montaña, University of Cantabria, Spain  
  Maria Filipa Mourão, IP from Viana do Castelo, Portugal  
  Louiza de Macedo Mourelle, State University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  Nadia Nedjah, State University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  Laszlo Neumann, University of Girona, Spain  
  Kok-Leong Ong, Daekin University, Australia  
  Belen Palop, Universidad de Valladolid, Spain  
  Marcin Paprzycki, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poland  
  Eric Pardede, La Trobe University, Australia  
  Kwangjin Park, Wonkwang University, Korea  
  Ana Isabel Pereira, Polytechnic Institute of Bragança, Portugal  
  Massimiliano Petri, University of Pisa, Italy  
  Maurizio Pollino, Italian National Agency for New Technologies, Energy and Sustainable Economic Development, Italy  
  Alenka Poplin, University of Hamburg, Germany  
  Vidyasagar Potdar, Curtin University of Technology, Australia  
  David C. Prosperi, Florida Atlantic University, USA  
  Wenny Rahayu, La Trobe University, Australia  
  Jerzy Respondek, Silesian University of Technology Poland  
  Humberto Rocha, INESC-Coimbra, Portugal  
  Jon Rokne, University of Calgary, Canada  
  Octavio Roncero, CSIC, Spain  
  Maytham Safar, Kuwait University, Kuwait  
  Francesco Santini, University of Perugia, Italy  
  Chiara Saracino, A.O. Ospedale Niguarda Ca' Granda - Milano, Italy  
  Haiduke Sarafian, The Pennsylvania State University, USA  
  Marco Paulo Seabra dos Reis, University of Coimbra, Portugal  
  Jie Shen, University of Michigan, USA  
  Qi Shi, Liverpool John Moores University, UK  
  Dale Shires, U.S. Army Research Laboratory, USA  
  Inês Soares, University of Coimbra, Portugal  
  Elena Stankova, Saint Petersburg University, Russia  
  Takuo Suganuma, Tohoku University, Japan  
  Eufemia Tarantino, Polytechnic of Bari, Italy  
  Sergio Tasso, University of Perugia, Italy  
  Ana Paula Teixeira, University of Trás-os-Montes and Alto Douro, Portugal  
  Senhorinha Teixeira, University of Minho, Portugal  
  M. Filomena Teodoro, Portuguese Naval Academy and University of Lisbon, Portugal  
  Parimala Thulasiraman, University of Manitoba, Canada  
  Carmelo Torre, Polytechnic of Bari, Italy  
  Javier Martinez Torres, Centro Universitario de la Defensa Zaragoza, Spain  
  Giuseppe A. Trunfio, University of Sassari, Italy  
  Pablo Vanegas, University of Cuenca, Equador  
  Marco Vizzari, University of Perugia, Italy  
  Varun Vohra, Merck Inc., USA  
  Koichi Wada, University of Tsukuba, Japan  
  Krzysztof Walkowiak, Wroclaw University of Technology, Poland  
  Zequn Wang, Intelligent Automation Inc, USA  
  Robert Weibel, University of Zurich, Switzerland  
  Frank Westad, Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Norway  
  Roland Wismüller, Universität Siegen, Germany  
  Mudasser Wyne, SOET National University, USA  
  Chung-Huang Yang, National Kaohsiung Normal University, Taiwan  
  Xin-She Yang, National Physical Laboratory, UK  
  Salim Zabir, France Telecom Japan Co., Japan  
  Haifeng Zhao, University of California, Davis, USA  
  Fabiana Zollo, University of Venice "Cà Foscari", Italy  
  Albert Y. Zomaya, University of Sydney, Australia  

 Themes   https://2020.iccsa.org/themes  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   Themes   
 The ICCSA 2020 Conference Themes are the following (but not limited to)   

 1. Track: Computational Methods, Algorithms and Scientific Applications  
 Computational Biology   
 Computational Combustion   
 Computational Chemistry   
 Computational Fluid Dynamics   
 Computational Physics   
 Computational Geometry   
 Computational Mathematics   
 Computational Mechanics   
 Computational Electro-magnetics   
 Numerical Methods and Algorithms   
  
 2. Track: High Performance Computing and Networks  
 Parallel and Distributed Computing   
 Cluster Computing   
 Supercomputing   
 Cloud Computing   
 Autonomic Computing   
 P2P Computing   
 Mobile Computing   
 Grid and Semantic Grid Computing   
 Workflow Design and Practice   
 Computer and Network Architecture   

 3. Track: Geometric Modeling, Graphics and Visualization  
 Scientific Visualization  
  Computer Graphics   
 Geometric Modeling   
 Pattern Recognition   
 Image Processing   
 CAD/CAM   
 Web3D, Virtual and Augmented Reality   
  
 4. Track: Advanced and Emerging Applications  
 Biochemistry   
 Bioinformatics   
 Astrophysics   
 Biometric Modeling   
 Environmental, Climate and Weather Modeling   
 Geology and Geophysics   
 Nuclear Physics   
 Financial and Economical Modeling   
 Computational Journalism   
  
 5. Track: Information Systems and Technologies  
 Information Retrieval   
 Scientific Databases   
 Security Engineering  
  Risk Analysis   
 Reliability Engineering   
 Software Engineering   
 Data Mining   
 Artificial Intelligence  
  Machine Learning   
 Learning Technologies   
 Web Based Computing   
 Web 2.0  
  Blockchain   
   
 6 Track: Urban and Regional Planning  
 Urban and regional growth  
   Sustainable urban and regional development  
   Socio-ecological systems  
   Open Data- Big Data  
   Cultural Heritage  
   Smart and Sustainable Cities  
   Mobility and Intelligent Transport Systems  
   Geographical Information Systems  
   Decision Support Systems  
   Complexity assessment and mapping  
   Logistics   

 Call for Papers   https://2020.iccsa.org/call-for-papers  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   Call for Papers   
 The 2020 International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications - ICCSA 2020 -   

 Cagliari, Italy    
 July 1-4, 2020   
  
 ICCSA 2020 is the next event in the series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications, previously held in Saint Petersburg - Russia (2019), Melbourne - Australia (2018), Trieste - Italy (2017), Beijing- China (2016), Banff - Canada (2015), Guimaraes - Portugal (2014), Ho Chi Minh City - Vietnam (2013), Salvador da Bahia - Brazil (2012), Santander - Spain (2011), Fukuoka - Japan (2020), Suwon - Korea (2009), Perugia - Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur - Malaysia (2007), Glasgow - United Kingdom (2006), Singapore - Singapore(2005), Assisi - Italy (2004), Montreal - Canada (2003), and, as ICCS, in Amsterdam - The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco - USA (2001).  
 Computational Science is a main pillar of most of the present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting ICT innovative technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers a real opportunity to bring together scientists of different disciplines, discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced solutions breeding new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition. Accepted papers will appear in the Conference proceedings to be published by Springer-Verlag in Lecture Notes for Computer Science and Conference Publishing System (CPS). The authors of a selected number of top quality papers will be requested to extend their papers for further review and publication as special issues in highly recognized international journals.  
 ICCSA 2020 accepts paper submission in the following categories: General Tracks papers and Workshop papers. The details for each paper submission category can be found at the URL http://2020.iccsa.org/Instructions-for-authors  and the list of Workshops at the URL: http://2020.iccsa.org/workshops  .  
 Conference Themes  
 The ICCSA 2020 Conference themes, grouped in five tracks, are the following (but are not limited to):  
  
  1. Track: Computational Methods, Algorithms and Scientific Application   
  Computational Biology  
  Computational Combustion  
  Computational Chemistry  
  Computational Fluid Dynamics  
  Computational Physics  
  Computational Geometry  
  Computational Mathematics  
  Computational Mechanics  
  Computational Electro-magnetics  
  Numerical Methods and Algorithms  
   
  2. Track: High Performance Computing and Networks Parallel and Distributed Computing   
  Cluster Computing  
  Supercomputing  
  Cloud Computing  
  Autonomic Computing  
  P2P Computing  
  Mobile Computing  
  Grid and Semantic Grid Computing  
  Workflow Design and Practice  
  Computer and Network Architecture  
   
  3. Track: Geometric Modelling, Graphics and Visualization   
  Scientific Visualization  
  Computer Graphics  
  Geometric Modelling  
  Pattern Recognition  
  Image Processing  
  CAD/CAM  
  Web3D, Virtual and Augmented Reality  
   
  4. Track: Advanced and Emerging Applications   
  Biochemistry  
  Bioinformatics  
  Astrophysics  
  Biometric Modelling  
  Environmental, Climate and Weather Modelling  
  Geology and Geophysics  
  Nuclear Physics  
  Financial and Economical Modelling  
  Computational Journalism  
  Geographical Information Systems  
   
  5. Track: Information Systems and Technologies   
  Information Retrieval  
  Scientific Databases  
  Security Engineering  
  Risk Analysis  
  Reliability Engineering  
  Software Engineering  
  Data Mining  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Machine Learning  
  Learning Technologies  
  Web Based Computing  
  Web 2.0  
  Blockchain  
   
  6. Track: Urban and Regional Planning   
  Urban and regional grouth  
  Sustainable urban and regional development  
  Socio-ecological systems  
  Open Data, Big Data  
  Cultural Heritage  
  Smart and Sustainable Cities  
  Mobility and Intelligent Transport Systems  
  Decision Support Systems  
  Complexity assessment and mapping  
  Logistics  
 Paper Submission  
 To submit a paper, please connect to the Submission site from the link available at the ICCSA 2020 web site: https://cyb20.iccsa.org  .  
  Only papers submitted through the electronic system and strictly adhering to the relevant format will be considered for reviewing and publication.  
  The submission may fall into the following five categories: General Tracks Papers  , Workshop Papers, Short Papers, and PHD Showcase Papers  .  
 GENERAL TRACKS PAPERS  
   The submitted paper must be camera-ready, between 10 and 16 pages long  and formatted according to the   LNCS   rules  . Please consult the URL  http://2020.iccsa.org/Instructions-for-authors  for formatting information and templates.  
  
  WORKSHOPS PAPERS   
  The submitted paper must be between 10 to 16 pages long  for   LNCS   publication  , or 7 to 11 pages for  CPS publication  (in such case as post-conference proceedings)  , and should be formatted according to the  LNCS  or  CPS  rules, respectively.  
  Please consult the URL  http://2020.iccsa.org/Instructions-for-authors  for formatting information and templates.  
 SHORT PAPERS   
  Reporting preliminary results of ongoing research. The submitted paper must be between 7 and 9 pages long formatted according to  LNCS   rules  . The Short Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by  LNCS  .  
 PHD SHOWCASE PAPERS   
  Reporting ongoing research already achieving significant results and primarily carried out by Ph.D. students and junior researchers. The submitted paper must be between 6 to 8 pages long formatted according to  CPS   rules  . The PHD Showcase Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by  CPS  as post-conference proceedings.  
   
  Each paper must deal with original and unpublished work, not submitted for publication elsewhere (copyright problems fall entirely under responsibility of the authors). Each paper will be reviewed by at least three experts in the relevant field (acceptance rate was 28% in 2005, 26% in 2006 and 28% in 2007, 29% in 2008, 30% in 2009, 29% in 2020, 2011, 2012, and 30% in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019) ensuring the publication of only top quality contributions.  
   
  When a paper is accepted at least one of the authors has to register to the conference and deliver the related talk. Failure to do so shall lead to rejection of the application to attend next year conference and the exclusion of the paper for the current year proceedings.  
 Workshops  
 Refer to the web page  http://2020.iccsa.org/workshops  for the updated list of Workshops  
 Please pay attention, when submitting your contribution to one of the above listed Workshops, to select the right entry in the listbox shown in the Abstract, Paper and Camera Ready submission forms.  
 An author is enabled to change the workshop associated to a submitted paper until the submission deadline, by updating the paper into the system and selecting the proper Workshop from the list.  
  
 Important Dates  
  
  April 26, 2020  : Deadline for paper submission to the General Tracks (Workshops may select a different deadline)  
  June 7, 2020  : Notification of Acceptance.  
  June 23, 2020  : Early-bird Registration ends.  
  June 23, 2020  : Submission deadline for the final version of the Papers  
  July 1-4, 2020  : ICCSA 2020 Conference  
  
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of the Conference will be published after the Conference  because the Corona virus outbreak, both by Springer-Verlag (  Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series) and, as post-conference proceedings, by  Conference Publishing Services (CPS)  .  
 In particular:  
   
  1. The selected top quality Theme Papers and Session Papers having adopted LNCS, will appear in the Springer-Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series (paper length: 10-16 pages).  
 2. The selected top quality Session Papers having adopted CPS, will appear in the CPS post-conference  Proceedings.  
 3. Short papers will appear in the Springer-Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science (  LNCS  ) series (paper length: 7-9 pages)  
 4. PHD Showcase Papers will be published in the CPS post-conference  Proceedings.  
 For a selected number of top quality papers, after the Conference, the authors will be requested to extend the paper in order to be published as special issues in appropriate international journals.  

 Conference policy  
 By submitting the paper to ICCSA conference, all authors agree to abide by all ICCSA conference paper submission, publication and presentation policies. Namely, authors confirm that the work is original, has not appeared in literature in any form in the past and will not be submitted to any other venue concurrently with ICCSA submission or until it appears in ICCSA proceedings (in the case of acceptance). Furthermore, upon paper acceptance, authors agree to transfer copyright on the accepted paper to ICCSA, and one of the authors will register the paper and present the paper at the event.No paper withdrawals can be accepted after Conference pre-registration date or within three months of the actual event, whichever date comes first. Paper withdrawal request can be only accepted in writing through email, letter or fax to conference organizers.The conference has no responsibility for any intentional or accidental misuse, misinterpretation, or failure to follow above rules and conditions and holds no legal, civil or other responsibility for opinions, content or utilization of any methods/algorithms expressed in the Conference Proceedings.  

  Contact Information  
 Ivan Blecic  
  Dipartimento di Ingegneria Civile e Ambientale e Architettura, University of Cagliari  
  Via Marengo, 2  
  06913 Cagliari  
  Italy  
  Email: ivanblecic <at>unica <dot> it  
 Osvaldo Gervasi  
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Perugia  
  Via Vanvitelli, 1  
  06123 Perugia  
  Italy  
  Phone: +39-075-5855048  
  Fax: +39-075-5855024  
  Email: osvaldo <dot> gervasi <at> unipg <dot> it  
  URL: http://ogervasi.unipg.it  

 Call for Workshop Proposals   https://2020.iccsa.org/call-for-workshop-proposals  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   Call for Workshop Proposals   
 In the first stage of the Conference we are collecting Workshop Proposals. Workshops are a vital part of the ICCSA Conference each year! If interested please submit a proposal according to the present Call!  
  Cagliari is the largest city of Sardinia Island. In its neighborhood are located several extraordinary beautiful beaches!   

 We encourage and invite interested parties to submit a proposal for organizing a Workshop   
   
 Workshop proposals will be collected and evaluated as they are received until October 27, 2019  and notification of acceptance / rejection will be sent before November 1, 2019   
 The Workshop proposals should be submitted from the researcher's home page on the ICCSA 2020 Electronic Submission System  .  
 The form to be filled will require the following information:  
  
 1) Title of the Workshop   
  Please select a simple name, close to the aim of the workshop. Do not include here the acronym.  
 2) The Acronym of the Workshop  including the year, 2020  
 3) The selected  publisher  ( LNCS  ) of the proposed workshop. If you are interested publishing the papers of your Workshop on IEEE-CPS Xplore, please specify IEEE.  
 4) Description of the Workshop  , including the detailed list (name, affiliation, country) of the Program Committee members  
 5) Description of the topics (themes) of the workshop   
 2) Name, the affiliation, mailing address and e-mail address of the Workshop organizer(s)  .  
    
 3) Previous experience  of the organizer(s) in organizing Workshops (if any).  
 4) Name, the affiliation, and e-mail addresses of at least three colleagues  of the organizer(s) who can  assess  the ability  to organize  a Workshop   
 7) A short description on how the workshop will be advertised.   
 The organization of successful workshops in previous editions of ICCSA (at least 5 papers accepted in the Proceedings, minimum no-show up, several discussions and questions during/after presentations), including the participation of the Workshop Organizers to the Conference, will be given priority ranking for acceptance.  
 The information provided by the workshop organizer(s) to the Conference Chairs shall remain strictly confidential.  
 The Workshop Organizers are responsible for all the organizational aspects including soliciting submissions and providing the details of an adequate number of reviewers for the Workshop papers. Workshop Organizers are also fully responsible for ensuring that only high quality papers are accepted for publication in the Proceedings and for verifying the correctness of the layout adopted by the authors (which depends from the editor selected for the workshop). They are also responsible for choosing the actual reviewers (at least three) for each paper and for monitoring the reviewing process on the reviewing system, in collaboration with the Conference Program Chairs.  
 Workshop Organizers (or their Deputies) are expected to attend ICCSA 2020, set the order of presentations and chair their related workshop(s).  
 Due to their active role, Workshop Organizers will receive some incentives, depending on the number and quality of accepted and registered papers.  
  
 Paper submission  
 For detailed info please visit the URL: http://2020.iccsa.org/call-for-papers   
    
 GENERAL TRACKS PAPERS  :  
 The submitted paper must be between 10 to 16 pages long and formatted according to the LNCS  rules.  
  
 WORKSHOP PAPERS  :  
 The submitted paper must be between 10 to 16 pages long and formatted according to the LNCS  rules.  
   
  SHORT PAPERS  :  
 The submitted paper must be between 7 to 9 pages long and formatted according to the LNCS  rules.  
   
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings will be published as a special series of volumes of the Lecture Notes on Computer Science (LNCS)  edited by Springer.  
 All accepted papers will be included in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series and indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services. The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  
 Papers published by IEEE-CPS  will be published as Post Conference Proceedings  and indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services.  

 University of Cagliari logo   https://2020.iccsa.org/unicagliari.jpeg/view  https://2020.iccsa.org/unicagliari.jpeg/@@download/image/unicagliari.jpeg   University of Cagliari logo   
  Click to view full-size image…  Size: 20.0 KB       

 springer.png   https://2020.iccsa.org/springer.png/view  https://2020.iccsa.org/springer.png/@@download/image/springer.png   springer.png   
  Click to view full-size image…  Size: 10.0 KB       

 logounipg.png   https://2020.iccsa.org/logounipg.png/view  https://2020.iccsa.org/logounipg.png/@@download/image/logounipg.png   logounipg.png   
  Click to view full-size image…  Size: 22.0 KB       

 logoBasilicataUniversity.jpg   https://2020.iccsa.org/logobasilicatauniversity.jpg/view  https://2020.iccsa.org/logobasilicatauniversity.jpg/@@download/image/logoBasilicataUniversity.jpg   logoBasilicataUniversity.jpg   
  Click to view full-size image…  Size: 5.0 KB       

 MonashU.png   https://2020.iccsa.org/monashu.png/view  https://2020.iccsa.org/monashu.png/@@download/image/MonashU.png   MonashU.png   
  Click to view full-size image…  Size: 7.0 KB       

 KyushuSangyoUniv.jpg   https://2020.iccsa.org/kyushusangyouniv.jpg/view  https://2020.iccsa.org/kyushusangyouniv.jpg/@@download/image/KyushuSangyoUniv.jpg   KyushuSangyoUniv.jpg   
  Click to view full-size image…  Size: 29.0 KB       

 EENG.png   https://2020.iccsa.org/eeng.png/view  https://2020.iccsa.org/eeng.png/@@download/image/EENG.png   EENG.png   
  Click to view full-size image…  Size: 0.0 KB       

 Instructions for Authors   https://2020.iccsa.org/instructions-for-authors  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   Instructions for Authors   
 Prospective authors are invited to submit papers, either to the General Tracks, to the Workshops/Sessions or Short Papers. The papers are categorized as follows:  
 General Tracks/Theme Papers | : | 10 to 16 pages | formatted according to | LNCS | rules. After the reviewing process, the accepted papers will be published in the Springer-Verlag | Lecture Notes in Computer Science  ( LNCS  ) | volumes. General Tracks papers and papers belonging to Workshops which required | LNCS | ad editor will be included in | LNCS | proceedings. 
  Workshop/Session Papers: | 6 | to 11 pages | formatted according to CPS rules. After the reviewing process, the accepted papers of the Workshops which required the | Conference Publishing Services (CPS) | as editor will be included in the CPS proceedings. 
  PHD Showcase Papers | : | 5 to 8 pages | formatted according to CPS rules | . | After the reviewing process, the accepted PHD Showcase papers, reporting ongoing research already achieving significant results and primarily carried out by Ph.D. students and junior researchers, will be published by the | Conference Publishing Services (CPS) | . 
  Short Papers | : | 7 | to 9 pages | formatted according to | LNCS | rules | . | After the reviewing process, the accepted Short papers, reporting preliminary results of ongoing research, will be published on | Lecture Notes in Computer Science  ( LNCS  ) | volumes | . 
    
  All papers submitted to the General Tracks  of ICCSA 2020 will be published in  LNCS   .  
 Each paper must be original and unpublished work  , not submitted for publication elsewhere  (copyright problems fall entirely under responsibility of the authors).  
 Each paper will be reviewed by at least three experts in the relevant field ensuring the publication of only top quality contributions.  
   
  Submission of a paper should be regarded as an undertaking that, should the paper be accepted,  at least one of the authors should register and present orally the paper in the conference  . Failure to do so shall lead to rejection of the application to attend next year conference and the exclusion of the paper for the current year proceedings.  

 Paper Submission   
  
 The submission of contributions to ICCSA 2020 follows the following steps:  
 Authentication   
 The author has to login into the Electronic Submission System  , available at the URL: https://cyb20.iccsa.org  . If the author is using the system for the first time, she/he has to Register  . If the author had already used the system in previous editions of the ICCSA Conference, she/he has to register to the system  . since this year we decided to refresh  the author's information. At the end of the authentication phase the author's home page  will be shown, with a summary of the abstracts and papers submitted by the author.  
 Two step submission   
 Each submission to ICCSA 2020 starts submitting an Abstract  (1st phase). This phase is facilitated because the author's information are collected during the Registration phase to the  Electronic Submission Site  . If the author intends to submit the paper to a Workshop  (see http://2020.iccsa.org/workshops  ) she/he has to pay attention to select the proper Workshop from the list shown in the Abstract submission form. It is recommended to submit the Abstract early in advance, to facilitate the Conference organization.  
 When preparing the Full Paper the author has to carefully check the adopted layout  , i.e.:  
 LNCS format | for General Tracks Papers and for Workshops which selected the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) Proceedings. 
  Conference Publishing Services (CPS) | format | for the Workshops which selected CPS (XPlore) Proceedings and for | PhD Showcase Papers | . 
  Then the author has to submit the Full Paper (phase 2) in PDF format. The paper details are kept from the Abstract, so this process is quite easy and fast.  
 The submitted Paper will be submitted to the reviewing process.  
 The author is allowed to update the version of her/his Paper  before the submission deadline.  
  
 Camera Ready submission   
 After receiving the notification of acceptance, the authors of accepted Papers will be asked to modify their Paper according to the Reviewers recommendations and to submit the Camera Ready  version of their paper and all source files  necessary to produce the final version by the Editor and sign  the Copyright Transfer  Form (phase 3).  
 The procedure will depend on the type of Editor ( LNCS  or CPS): :  
 For papers to be published in | LNCS | ( | General Tracks Papers | and | Workshop Papers | (wich selected | LNCS | ) and | Short Papers | : the authors have to upload in the | Electronic Submission System | the | Camera Ready | version of the accepted paper, the related | source files | and the signed | Copyright Transfer | form. 
  For papers to be published by | Conference Publishing Services (CPS) | ( | CPS Full Papers | and | PHD Showcase Papers | ): the authors have to upload the source files and fill the Copyright Transfer Form online on the Author's Kit Web page, which URL was also provided in the Acceptance Notification letter or published on | http://2020.iccsa.org | . 
  Layout / Format     
 Formatting a full paper, the author is requested  to strictly conform   to the template provided by   LNCS    or   Conference Publishing Services (CPS)   :   
  LNCS    
   
 Formatting a full paper, the author is requested to strictly conform  to the template provided by  LNCS   .  The detailed LNCS   author's instruction and the related template files to be used with the most popular Document Composition tools (LaTeX, Microsoft Word, FrameMaker), are available at the following URL:   
  http://www.springer.com/it/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines    
 The final paper MUST  be formatted according to the above instructions and possibly using the templates and macros  provided by Springer.  
   Conference Publishing Services (CPS)    
 CPS provides to ICCSA authors free access to PDF eXpress™, the online file conversion/PDF validation tool, to assist authors in preparing suitable electronic files of their final papers. PDF eXpress™ helps authors convert their papers into Xplore-compatible PDF files (conversion function) or to check their own PDF files for Xplore compatibility (PDF validation function).  
  Your final papers  MUST   be formatted to the Proceedings Manuscript Formatting Guidelines (see link to "formatting instructions" below). It is highly recommended that you proofread and check the layout of your paper BEFORE submitting it to PDF eXpress™.   
 Formatting Instructions:    
 8.5" x 11" x 2 (  DOC  ,   PDF  )  
   LaTex Formatting Macros     

 Submitted papers not conforming to the above layouts will be excluded from the Review phase.   
  
 Conference Registration  
 Since the publication of the Papers in the Proceedings is subject to the Conference Registration  and payment of the fee, all authors are kindly request to Register to the Conference before the deadline, in order to facilitate a smooth Proceedings preparation process.  
 To register and pay the related fee, click on the link on top of the Home Page on https://cyb20.iccsa.org  .  
 We recommend to pay the fee by Credit Card, which is the fastest and more reliable payment channel.  

 Registration Info   https://2020.iccsa.org/registration-info  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   Registration Info   
 The Registration to the Conference is mandatory to be enabled to attend the Virtual Sessions and to have the accepted Paper included in the published Conference Proceedings. To this end it is mandatory to  complete the registration process by the   firm deadline of June 24th, 2020  . Please follow the instructions herein described:  
 For registering to the conference, you must follow the link shown in your home page of the | Electronic Submission System | , the same used for submitting the paper(s) (if you haven't used it before, please register to the portal following the indication shown in the login page and after having logged in, proceed with the registration to the ICCSA 2020 Conference). 
  If you are an author of paper(s), you are kindly requested | to pay attention to specify the paper(s) ID and title | (i.e.: 100 - My paper title). as shown in your web page in the Electronic Submission System | https://cyb20.iccsa.org | . | Each Registrant is allowed to specify  up to 3   paper(s), the first is included in the registration fee, the additional paper(s) are charged 150€   each.  After having completed the registration procedure,   you must proceed with the Payment   according to the chosen method ( Credit Card   or  Wire Transfer  ). At the bottom of the summary page received after having submitted the registration info clicking on the button  Submit data for registering to ICCSA 2020   you will see a  button for proceeding with the Credit Card payment   or the  instructions for making the Bank Wire Transfer payment  . 
  For participants who want to pay by Bank Wire Transfer, please send your payment | As Soon As Possible | as it takes some time to process the payment. Your payment should be received by us on or before | June 24th, 2020 | . Bank Wire Transfer and other related fees have to be paid by the registrant (please verify carefully during the Wire Transfer payment that all costs are charged to you). Failure to pay the required amount on this date will result in the | exclusion of the paper | (s) from the Conference Proceedings. 
  The | Credit Card payment is available and is the preferred method *no errors are possible identifying the registrant*). | After you registered specifying as preferred method the payment via Credit Card, you'll be able to see the following images and the button at the bottom of the summary page related to the registration: 

 Click on the button  Proceed with the payment through SOAR Secure Server    and you'll be directed to the Gateway for the Credit Card transaction.  
 Conference Fees  
  
 ICCSA 2020 conference fees cover:  
 attendance of Conference Delegates to the Sessions of the Virtual Conference 
  Free access to the Proceeding Volumes Set 
   
 ICCSA 2020 Virtual Conference fee  is 150€  .  
 Each additi o  nal paper  will be charged 150€  .  
 Notes (read carefully):  
 1) IEEE Members  will get a discount of 10€ if they will input the IEEE Membership number in the proper input field of the registration form.  
 2) For each  Accepted Paper  , one author must register, pay the registration fee, and virtually present the paper in the conference session where the paper is scheduled. A detailed Program with the associated links for connecting to the virtual session rooms will be published before the virtual event.  
 2) Once the registration payment is done, NO REFUND is available.   
 By Credit Card (on-Line)   
 From your personal page on the Electronic Submission System,   https://cyb20.iccsa.org  , press the button which invites you to register to the Conference. Visa and Master Card credit cards are allowed through the PayWay Secure Service.  
 By Wire Transfer   
 NAME OF THE BANK  :  Crediumbria Banca di Credito Cooperativo   
 BANK ADDRESS  : Via Stradone, Località Moiano, 06062 Città della Pieve - PG (Italy)  
  ACCOUNT HOLDER: The International Conference On Computational Science and Its Applications  
  address:   Via Mazzini 89/A, 85100 Potenza (PZ), Italy  
  Fiscal ID: IT   01814970768  
 SWIFT Code:  ICRAITRRTV0    
   
  IBAN: IT28F0707538380000000008028   
   
   Please specify in the  MEMO LINE   the following:  NAME SURNAME ICCSA 2020 Registration   
  Replace NAME and SURNAME with your full name. In case administrative people will issue the payment, make clear they have to conform to the above syntax  . This is crucial in order  to have your payment properly traced,   since some banks cut the string to a small number of characters!!!!  
 IMPORTANT REMINDERS:  
 1)  The bank wire transfer and other related fees have to be paid by the participant.   
 2) After sending your registration payment by bank wire transfer, scan the bank receipt and attach the PDF file in an email to:  
 Email  :   registration2020@iccsa.org    
 Subject  :  Payment NAME SURNAME  (Note: Fill in NAME SURNAME with your full name, so that we will be able to monitor your payment with your registration entry).  
 Note:   To facilitate the acknowledgement of bank wire transfer payment, be sure to provide your complete name, details of amount paid, and other applicable information. Insufficient information causes delay and problems.  

 ORCID   https://2020.iccsa.org/orcid  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   ORCID   
 Specifying your ORCID will optimize the identification and tracing of your paper for proper bibliometric mapping   

 Springer is able to include ORCID ID for authors and editors of the proceedings. See this announcement  https://goo.gl/nAX4y8  and the guidelines  https://goo.gl/oiMNAm  (editor guidelines, section 4.7) for more information.  
 Authors are kindly requested to provide ORCID iDs in their papers, as an additional field of the authors' information.  
 The correct identification of the authors through their ORCID ID is crucial in order to have a correct mapping of publications and citations.  
 For more information see:  https://goo.gl/hbsa4D  .  

 Publishing Open Access in LNCS   https://2020.iccsa.org/publishing-open-access-in-lncs  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   Publishing Open Access in LNCS   
 It is possible to publish Open Access your paper, paying the proper extra-fee to Springer   

 It is possible to  publish individual papers   as  Open Access   in LNCS !  
 Interested authors are kindly requested to contact us at the email address  registration2020@iccsa.org   

 Important Dates   https://2020.iccsa.org/important-dates  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png   Important Dates   
  
 October 28, 2019: Deadline for Workshop proposals submission   
  November 5, 2019: Start of Abstract and Paper submission   
  April 26, 2020  : Deadline for abstract and paper submission to the General Tracks. Workshops may have their own deadline  
  June 7, 2020  : Notification of Acceptance  
  June 23, 2020:  Submission deadline for the final version of the Proceeding Paper ( hard deadline)  
   June 24, 2020:  Registration ends ( hard deadline  )  
  July 1-4, 2020: ICCSA 2020 Conference   

 Logo_Università_di_Cagliari.jpg   https://2020.iccsa.org/logo_universita_di_cagliari.jpg/view  https://2020.iccsa.org/logo_universita_di_cagliari.jpg/@@download/image/Logo_Università_di_Cagliari.jpg   Logo_Università_di_Cagliari.jpg   
  Click to view full-size image…  Size: 395.0 KB       

 1 
  2 
  3 
  4 
  5 
  Next 20 items 

 Quick Link  
 Instructions for Authors   
 Registration Info   
 ORCID   
 Publishing Open Access in LNCS   
 Important Dates   

 Special Issues  

 Special Issue reserved to ICCSA 2020 authors (by invitation of the Chairs)    
    
 Special Issue on "Virtual Reality and Scientific Visualization"   

 Special issue on Fractal AI-Based Analyses and Applications to Complex Systems    

 Special Issue on Active Travel and Mobility Management     

 Special Issue: Social and Health Implications of Active Travel Policies    

 Special Issue:  "Geo-Information Technology for Air Quality Management. New Trends and Scientific Challenges"   

 Previous ICCSA Editions  
  
 ICCSA 2019, Saint Petersburg, Russia   
 ICCSA 2018, Melbourne, Australia   
 ICCSA 2017, Trieste, Italy   
 ICCSA 2016, Beijing, China   
 ICCSA 2015, Banff, Canada   
 ICCSA 2014, Guimaraes, Portugal   
 ICCSA 2013, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   

 «  November 2020 »   
  
 Su | Mo | Tu | We | Th | Fr | Sa 
 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 
 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 
 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 
 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 | 28 
 29 | 30 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 

 News   
 Full Conference Programme and Timetable | Jun 29, 2020 
  (The Hitchhiker's) Guide to ICCSA2020 Parallel Sessions | Jun 29, 2020 
  "First contact" meetups kick off | Jun 26, 2020 
  Detailed conference programme coming soon... | Jun 26, 2020 
  Programme at a glance | Jun 24, 2020 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2020 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Accessibility 
  privacy policy 
  Contact 

  
Call for papers data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Submission Site 
  Programme 

 You are here:  Home 
  Call for Papers 

 Call for Papers   https://2020.iccsa.org/call-for-papers  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png     
 Call for Papers  

 The 2020 International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications - ICCSA 2020 -   

 Cagliari, Italy    
 July 1-4, 2020   
  
 ICCSA 2020 is the next event in the series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications, previously held in Saint Petersburg - Russia (2019), Melbourne - Australia (2018), Trieste - Italy (2017), Beijing- China (2016), Banff - Canada (2015), Guimaraes - Portugal (2014), Ho Chi Minh City - Vietnam (2013), Salvador da Bahia - Brazil (2012), Santander - Spain (2011), Fukuoka - Japan (2020), Suwon - Korea (2009), Perugia - Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur - Malaysia (2007), Glasgow - United Kingdom (2006), Singapore - Singapore(2005), Assisi - Italy (2004), Montreal - Canada (2003), and, as ICCS, in Amsterdam - The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco - USA (2001).  
 Computational Science is a main pillar of most of the present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting ICT innovative technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers a real opportunity to bring together scientists of different disciplines, discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced solutions breeding new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition. Accepted papers will appear in the Conference proceedings to be published by Springer-Verlag in Lecture Notes for Computer Science and Conference Publishing System (CPS). The authors of a selected number of top quality papers will be requested to extend their papers for further review and publication as special issues in highly recognized international journals.  
 ICCSA 2020 accepts paper submission in the following categories: General Tracks papers and Workshop papers. The details for each paper submission category can be found at the URL http://2020.iccsa.org/Instructions-for-authors  and the list of Workshops at the URL: http://2020.iccsa.org/workshops  .  
 Conference Themes  
 The ICCSA 2020 Conference themes, grouped in five tracks, are the following (but are not limited to):  
  
  1. Track: Computational Methods, Algorithms and Scientific Application   
  Computational Biology  
  Computational Combustion  
  Computational Chemistry  
  Computational Fluid Dynamics  
  Computational Physics  
  Computational Geometry  
  Computational Mathematics  
  Computational Mechanics  
  Computational Electro-magnetics  
  Numerical Methods and Algorithms  
   
  2. Track: High Performance Computing and Networks Parallel and Distributed Computing   
  Cluster Computing  
  Supercomputing  
  Cloud Computing  
  Autonomic Computing  
  P2P Computing  
  Mobile Computing  
  Grid and Semantic Grid Computing  
  Workflow Design and Practice  
  Computer and Network Architecture  
   
  3. Track: Geometric Modelling, Graphics and Visualization   
  Scientific Visualization  
  Computer Graphics  
  Geometric Modelling  
  Pattern Recognition  
  Image Processing  
  CAD/CAM  
  Web3D, Virtual and Augmented Reality  
   
  4. Track: Advanced and Emerging Applications   
  Biochemistry  
  Bioinformatics  
  Astrophysics  
  Biometric Modelling  
  Environmental, Climate and Weather Modelling  
  Geology and Geophysics  
  Nuclear Physics  
  Financial and Economical Modelling  
  Computational Journalism  
  Geographical Information Systems  
   
  5. Track: Information Systems and Technologies   
  Information Retrieval  
  Scientific Databases  
  Security Engineering  
  Risk Analysis  
  Reliability Engineering  
  Software Engineering  
  Data Mining  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Machine Learning  
  Learning Technologies  
  Web Based Computing  
  Web 2.0  
  Blockchain  
   
  6. Track: Urban and Regional Planning   
  Urban and regional grouth  
  Sustainable urban and regional development  
  Socio-ecological systems  
  Open Data, Big Data  
  Cultural Heritage  
  Smart and Sustainable Cities  
  Mobility and Intelligent Transport Systems  
  Decision Support Systems  
  Complexity assessment and mapping  
  Logistics  
 Paper Submission  
 To submit a paper, please connect to the Submission site from the link available at the ICCSA 2020 web site: https://cyb20.iccsa.org  .  
  Only papers submitted through the electronic system and strictly adhering to the relevant format will be considered for reviewing and publication.  
  The submission may fall into the following five categories: General Tracks Papers  , Workshop Papers, Short Papers, and PHD Showcase Papers  .  
 GENERAL TRACKS PAPERS  
   The submitted paper must be camera-ready, between 10 and 16 pages long  and formatted according to the   LNCS   rules  . Please consult the URL  http://2020.iccsa.org/Instructions-for-authors  for formatting information and templates.  
  
  WORKSHOPS PAPERS   
  The submitted paper must be between 10 to 16 pages long  for   LNCS   publication  , or 7 to 11 pages for  CPS publication  (in such case as post-conference proceedings)  , and should be formatted according to the  LNCS  or  CPS  rules, respectively.  
  Please consult the URL  http://2020.iccsa.org/Instructions-for-authors  for formatting information and templates.  
 SHORT PAPERS   
  Reporting preliminary results of ongoing research. The submitted paper must be between 7 and 9 pages long formatted according to  LNCS   rules  . The Short Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by  LNCS  .  
 PHD SHOWCASE PAPERS   
  Reporting ongoing research already achieving significant results and primarily carried out by Ph.D. students and junior researchers. The submitted paper must be between 6 to 8 pages long formatted according to  CPS   rules  . The PHD Showcase Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by  CPS  as post-conference proceedings.  
   
  Each paper must deal with original and unpublished work, not submitted for publication elsewhere (copyright problems fall entirely under responsibility of the authors). Each paper will be reviewed by at least three experts in the relevant field (acceptance rate was 28% in 2005, 26% in 2006 and 28% in 2007, 29% in 2008, 30% in 2009, 29% in 2020, 2011, 2012, and 30% in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019) ensuring the publication of only top quality contributions.  
   
  When a paper is accepted at least one of the authors has to register to the conference and deliver the related talk. Failure to do so shall lead to rejection of the application to attend next year conference and the exclusion of the paper for the current year proceedings.  
 Workshops  
 Refer to the web page  http://2020.iccsa.org/workshops  for the updated list of Workshops  
 Please pay attention, when submitting your contribution to one of the above listed Workshops, to select the right entry in the listbox shown in the Abstract, Paper and Camera Ready submission forms.  
 An author is enabled to change the workshop associated to a submitted paper until the submission deadline, by updating the paper into the system and selecting the proper Workshop from the list.  
  
 Important Dates  
  
  April 26, 2020  : Deadline for paper submission to the General Tracks (Workshops may select a different deadline)  
  June 7, 2020  : Notification of Acceptance.  
  June 23, 2020  : Early-bird Registration ends.  
  June 23, 2020  : Submission deadline for the final version of the Papers  
  July 1-4, 2020  : ICCSA 2020 Conference  
  
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of the Conference will be published after the Conference  because the Corona virus outbreak, both by Springer-Verlag (  Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series) and, as post-conference proceedings, by  Conference Publishing Services (CPS)  .  
 In particular:  
   
  1. The selected top quality Theme Papers and Session Papers having adopted LNCS, will appear in the Springer-Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series (paper length: 10-16 pages).  
 2. The selected top quality Session Papers having adopted CPS, will appear in the CPS post-conference  Proceedings.  
 3. Short papers will appear in the Springer-Verlag Lecture Notes in Computer Science (  LNCS  ) series (paper length: 7-9 pages)  
 4. PHD Showcase Papers will be published in the CPS post-conference  Proceedings.  
 For a selected number of top quality papers, after the Conference, the authors will be requested to extend the paper in order to be published as special issues in appropriate international journals.  

 Conference policy  
 By submitting the paper to ICCSA conference, all authors agree to abide by all ICCSA conference paper submission, publication and presentation policies. Namely, authors confirm that the work is original, has not appeared in literature in any form in the past and will not be submitted to any other venue concurrently with ICCSA submission or until it appears in ICCSA proceedings (in the case of acceptance). Furthermore, upon paper acceptance, authors agree to transfer copyright on the accepted paper to ICCSA, and one of the authors will register the paper and present the paper at the event.No paper withdrawals can be accepted after Conference pre-registration date or within three months of the actual event, whichever date comes first. Paper withdrawal request can be only accepted in writing through email, letter or fax to conference organizers.The conference has no responsibility for any intentional or accidental misuse, misinterpretation, or failure to follow above rules and conditions and holds no legal, civil or other responsibility for opinions, content or utilization of any methods/algorithms expressed in the Conference Proceedings.  

  Contact Information  
 Ivan Blecic  
  Dipartimento di Ingegneria Civile e Ambientale e Architettura, University of Cagliari  
  Via Marengo, 2  
  06913 Cagliari  
  Italy  
  Email: ivanblecic <at>unica <dot> it  
 Osvaldo Gervasi  
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Perugia  
  Via Vanvitelli, 1  
  06123 Perugia  
  Italy  
  Phone: +39-075-5855048  
  Fax: +39-075-5855024  
  Email: osvaldo <dot> gervasi <at> unipg <dot> it  
  URL: http://ogervasi.unipg.it  

 Quick Links  
 Instructions for Authors   
 Registration Info   
 ORCID   
 Publishing Open Access in LNCS    
 Important Dates    

 Quick Link  
 Instructions for Authors   
 Registration Info   
 ORCID   
 Publishing Open Access in LNCS   
 Important Dates   

 Special Issues  

 Special Issue reserved to ICCSA 2020 authors (by invitation of the Chairs)    
    
 Special Issue on "Virtual Reality and Scientific Visualization"   

 Special issue on Fractal AI-Based Analyses and Applications to Complex Systems    

 Special Issue on Active Travel and Mobility Management     

 Special Issue: Social and Health Implications of Active Travel Policies    

 Special Issue:  "Geo-Information Technology for Air Quality Management. New Trends and Scientific Challenges"   

 Previous ICCSA Editions  
  
 ICCSA 2019, Saint Petersburg, Russia   
 ICCSA 2018, Melbourne, Australia   
 ICCSA 2017, Trieste, Italy   
 ICCSA 2016, Beijing, China   
 ICCSA 2015, Banff, Canada   
 ICCSA 2014, Guimaraes, Portugal   
 ICCSA 2013, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   

 «  November 2020 »   
  
 Su | Mo | Tu | We | Th | Fr | Sa 
 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 
 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 
 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 
 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 | 28 
 29 | 30 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 

 News   
 Full Conference Programme and Timetable | Jun 29, 2020 
  (The Hitchhiker's) Guide to ICCSA2020 Parallel Sessions | Jun 29, 2020 
  "First contact" meetups kick off | Jun 26, 2020 
  Detailed conference programme coming soon... | Jun 26, 2020 
  Programme at a glance | Jun 24, 2020 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2020 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Accessibility 
  privacy policy 
  Contact 

  Important dates data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Submission Site 
  Programme 

 You are here:  Home 
  Important Dates 

 Important Dates   https://2020.iccsa.org/important-dates  https://2020.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/ICCSABanner2020withInfo.png     
 Important Dates  

 October 28, 2019: Deadline for Workshop proposals submission   
  November 5, 2019: Start of Abstract and Paper submission   
  April 26, 2020  : Deadline for abstract and paper submission to the General Tracks. Workshops may have their own deadline  
  June 7, 2020  : Notification of Acceptance  
  June 23, 2020:  Submission deadline for the final version of the Proceeding Paper ( hard deadline)  
   June 24, 2020:  Registration ends ( hard deadline  )  
  July 1-4, 2020: ICCSA 2020 Conference   

 Quick Link  
 Instructions for Authors   
 Registration Info   
 ORCID   
 Publishing Open Access in LNCS   
 Important Dates   

 Special Issues  

 Special Issue reserved to ICCSA 2020 authors (by invitation of the Chairs)    
    
 Special Issue on "Virtual Reality and Scientific Visualization"   

 Special issue on Fractal AI-Based Analyses and Applications to Complex Systems    

 Special Issue on Active Travel and Mobility Management     

 Special Issue: Social and Health Implications of Active Travel Policies    

 Special Issue:  "Geo-Information Technology for Air Quality Management. New Trends and Scientific Challenges"   

 Previous ICCSA Editions  
  
 ICCSA 2019, Saint Petersburg, Russia   
 ICCSA 2018, Melbourne, Australia   
 ICCSA 2017, Trieste, Italy   
 ICCSA 2016, Beijing, China   
 ICCSA 2015, Banff, Canada   
 ICCSA 2014, Guimaraes, Portugal   
 ICCSA 2013, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   

 «  November 2020 »   
  
 Su | Mo | Tu | We | Th | Fr | Sa 
 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 
 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 
 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 
 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 | 28 
 29 | 30 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 

 News   
 Full Conference Programme and Timetable | Jun 29, 2020 
  (The Hitchhiker's) Guide to ICCSA2020 Parallel Sessions | Jun 29, 2020 
  "First contact" meetups kick off | Jun 26, 2020 
  Detailed conference programme coming soon... | Jun 26, 2020 
  Programme at a glance | Jun 24, 2020 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2020 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Accessibility 
  privacy policy 
  Contact

3. Conference ICCP_1:
ICCP 2024        
 Home  General Information  Call for papers  Important Dates  Technical Program  Keynote Speakers  Special Sessions  Workshops    
   
 Author Area  Submission  Paper Template  Camera Ready  Registration  Location and venue    
   
 Committees  Organizing Commitee  Program Commitee    
   
 Previous Conferences    

 ICCP 2024 Registration  

 At least one of the paper authors’ should register and participate, giving a technical presentation. Do not forget to complete the steps specified in the camera ready  submission instructions and to send a signed copy of the registration form  at the following e-mail address: iccp@conference.utcluj.ro.  
 Please note that any additional expenses regarding bank charges are not included in the registration fee and must be covered by the registrants.  
 The registration fee covers the publication of the proceedings and access to the conference proceedings.  
 Registration Fee  
  
 Up to September 23rd, 2024 | After September 23rd, 2024 
 IEEE Members | 250 Euro | 300 Euro 
 Non-members | 300 Euro | 350 Euro 
 IEEE Student Members | 100 Euro | 125 Euro 
 Student Non-members | 125 Euro | 150 Euro 
 Extra/guest welcome party, banquet purchase | 85 Euro | 85 Euro 

  ICCP 2024  
 Home 
  Author Area | Submission 
  Paper Template 
  Camera Ready 
  Registration 
  Location and venue 

  
Call for papers data: 
ICCP 2024        
 Home  General Information  Call for papers  Important Dates  Technical Program  Keynote Speakers  Special Sessions  Workshops    
   
 Author Area  Submission  Paper Template  Camera Ready  Registration  Location and venue    
   
 Committees  Organizing Commitee  Program Commitee    
   
 Previous Conferences    

 ICCP 2024 Call for Papers  

 The goal of the 2024 IEEE 20th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners working towards improving the power of both communication and processing software using the most advanced intelligent methods available today.  
 The growing toolkit of AI - computer vision, natural conversation, and machines that learn over time—has the potential to enhance almost the entire economic and social life. The driving forces of this development are the increased volumes of data, the continuously growing of communication, processing, storage capabilities and the new machine learning techniques especially deep learning and reinforcement learning algorithms.  
 The fast development of artificial intelligence and its applications implies more advanced but also more secure artifacts, which require the intelligent computer communication and processing technologies to improve at a high pace.  
 Download call for papers  .  
 Technical tracks include, but are not limited to:  
 Intelligent Systems:  Agent and Multi-agent based Systems; Knowledge Representation; Reasoning and Engineering; Ontology Modeling and Mediation; Natural Language Processing and Understanding; Web and Knowledge-based Information Systems; Multidisciplinary Topics and Applications.  
   
  Deep Learning:  CNN; GNN, Transformers; Theoretical contributions to Supervised Learning, Semi-supervised Learning, Self-supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Reinforcement Learning; Neuro-symbolic Processing; Continual Learning; Synthetic Data based Learning; Domain Adaptation; Explainable AI.  
   
  Deep Learning Based Computer Vision:  Image Processing; Image Enhancement; Feature extraction; Semantic, Instance and Panoptic Segmentation; Optical Flow; Stereovision and 3D Reconstruction; Monocular Depth Estimation; Motion; 2D and 3D Object Detection, 3D Point Cloud Processing, Tracking and Recognition; Multi-sensor and temporal fusion; Environment Representation; Risk Assessment.  
 Perception Applications:  Video-based Question Answering, Driving Assistance Applications; Autonomous Vehicles; Autonomous Drones; Robotic Applications; Biomedical Image Analysis.  
   
  Intelligent Distributed Computing and Networking:  Cloud Computing, Context Aware; Autonomic Computing; Resource Coordination and Management; Quality of Service; Queuing Network Models; Pervasive Computing; Grid Computing; Fault Tolerance; Cooperative Applications.  
 Special Sessions  
 Natural Language Understanding:  organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca in cooperation with National University of Science and Technology "Politehnica" Bucharest, RO.  
   
  Autonomated Driving 1&2  organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca, RO.  

 Workshops  
 Semantic and Geometric Perception and Understanding   
 organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca in cooperation with Robert Bosch in the framework of “DeepPerception - Deep Learning Based 3D Perception for Autonomous Driving” grant funded by Romanian Ministry of Education and Research, code PN-III-P4-PCE-2021-1134.  

  ICCP 2024  
 Home 
  General Information | Call for papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 

  Important dates data: 
ICCP 2024        
 Home  General Information  Call for papers  Important Dates  Technical Program  Keynote Speakers  Special Sessions  Workshops    
   
 Author Area  Submission  Paper Template  Camera Ready  Registration  Location and venue    
   
 Committees  Organizing Commitee  Program Commitee    
   
 Previous Conferences    

 ICCP 2024 Important Dates  

 Submission of papers: July 1  , July 30  , August 12, 2024 (hard deadline)    
 Industrial track proposals: July 1, 2024  
 Notification of acceptance: September 11, 2024  
 Accepted Camera-ready papers due: September 23, 2024  
 Author registration due: September 23, 2024  
 ICCP 2024 Conference: October 17-19, 2024  

  ICCP 2024  
 Home 
  General Information | Call for papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops

4. Conference ICCSA_1:
Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Submission site 

 You are here:  Home 
  Important dates 

 Important dates   https://iccsa.org/important-dates  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/banner.jpg     
 Important dates  

 The important dates of ICCSA 2025 are the following:  
 October 7, 2024: Start of Workshop proposal submission  
  November 7, 2024:Deadline for Workshop proposal submission  
  November 8, 2024: Start of Abstract and Paper Submission  
  March 7, 2025: Deadline for abstract and paper submission to the General Tracks. Workshops may have their own deadline.  
  April 15, 2025: Deadline for reviewers  
  April 20, 2025: Notification of Acceptance  
  May 8, 2025: Submission deadline for the final version of the Proceeding Paper (hard deadline)  
  May 8, 2025: Registration and payment ends (hard deadline)  
  June 30 - July 3, 2025: ICCSA 2025 Conference  

 News   
 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open! | Nov 21, 2024 
  The call for Workshop proposals has been extended to November 7, 2024 | Oct 28, 2024 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2024 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Site Map 
  Accessibility 
  Contact 

  
Call for papers data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Submission site 

 You are here:  Home 
  The submission of abstracts and full papers is open! 

 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open!   https://iccsa.org/the-submission-of-abstracts-and-full-papers-is-open  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/banner.jpg     
 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open!  

 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open!  
 We remind you that contributions to be considered for the review phase involve submitting the abstract (phase 1) and then the PDF related to the full paper (phase 2).  
 All authors of a paper must have registered to the Electronic Submission System  in advance.  

 News   
 The submission of abstracts and full papers is open! | Nov 21, 2024 
  The call for Workshop proposals has been extended to November 7, 2024 | Oct 28, 2024 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2024 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Site Map 
  Accessibility 
  Contact 

  Important dates data: 
undefined

5. Conference ICCSA_2:
Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Programme 
  Submission Site 

 You are here:  Home 

 The 23rd International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications   https://2023.iccsa.org  https://2023.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/iccsa1150x225.jpg     
 The 23rd International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications  

 The 23rd International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA 2023) will be held on July 3 - 6, 2023 in collaboration with the National Technical University of Athens and University of the Aegean, Athens, Greece.    
 ICCSA 2023 will be the next event in a series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA), previously held in Malaga, Spain (2022), Cagliari, Italy (2021), Online (2020), in Saint Petersburg, Russia (2019), Melbourne, Australia (2018), Trieste, Italy (2017), Beijing. China (2016), Banff, Canada (2015), Guimaraes, Portugal (2014), Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (2013), Salvador de Bahia, Brazil (2012), Santander, Spain (2011), Fukuoka, Japan (2010), Suwon, Korea (2009), Perugia, Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (2007), Glasgow, UK (2006), Singapore (2005), Assisi, Italy (2004), Montreal, Canada (2003), and (as ICCS) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco, USA (2001). The first ICCSA conference was co-organized by C.J.K. Tan (UK) and M. Gavrilova (U of Calgary, Canada) in 2003.  
 Computational Science is a main pillar of most present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting innovative Information and Communication Technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers an opportunity to discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced solutions to enable shaping new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition.  
 All accepted papers will be included in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS)  series which is indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services. The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  

 Springer is able to manage ORCID ID related to the authors and the Proceedings Volumes Editors! Please add the ORCID ID related to each author of your submitted paper!!!     
 Warning: Fake ICCSA Conference by WASET   
  We have noticed the existence of organisations such as WASET that run fake “conferences” in order to make profit with the registration fees, often spoofing the names of real conferences. WASET claims to be organising a conference called ICCSA next year, which is a FAKE ICCSA conference.  
  The Real ICCSA conference has been organised by the ICCSA Society since 2003. We do not have any involvement with WASET. Please spread this news to your contacts and communities so that nobody mistakenly participates to such fake conferences.  
  WASET is predator publisher. Go to this Wiki Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Academy_of_Science,_Engineering_and_Technology    
 The conference is organized in cooperation with:   
   
   The National Technical University of Athens   
  
   The University of the Aegean   
   
 This conference is proudly sponsored by:  

  Springer International Publishing      
     
  Computers Journal, ISSN: 2073-431X      

  University of Perugia  , Italy    
  
  University of Basilicata   , Italy   

   Monash University  , Australia    

  Kyushu Sangyo University   , Japan   

  University of Minho   , Portugal   

 News   
 Updated Info available | Jul 03, 2023 
  Test the remote presentation environment | Jun 21, 2023 
  Conference program available | Jun 21, 2023 
  Registration to the conference is mandatory | Jun 18, 2023 
    
 More news…   

 Quick Links  
 Instructions for Authors   
 Registration Info   
 Pre-filled Copyright Forms   
 ORCID   
 Publishing Open Access in LNCS    
 Important Dates    

 Related Links  
 Venue   
 Hotel Information   
 Social Programme   
 Instructions for speakers   
 Presentation templates   
 ICCSA 2022 from live   
 Corona virus outbreak   

 Special Issues  
   
  Special Issue "Computational Science and Its Applications 2022"   
   
 Special Issue "Computational Science and Its Applications 2023"   
   
 Special Issue "Mathematical Methods for Image Processing and Understanding"   

 Previous ICCSA editions  
 ICCSA 2022, Malaga, Spain (Blended form, part in presence, part online)   
 ICCSA 2021, Cagliari, Italy (Blended form, part in presence, part online)   
 ICCSA 2020, Online   
 ICCSA 2019, Saint Petersburg, Russia   
 ICCSA 2018, Melbourne, Australia   
 ICCSA 2017, Trieste, Italy   
 ICCSA 2016, Beijing, China   
 ICCSA 2015, Banff, Canada   
 ICCSA 2014, Guimaraes, Portugal   
 ICCSA 2013, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   

 Site Map 
  Accessibility 
  Privacy policy 

  
Call for papers data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Programme 
  Submission Site 

 You are here:  Home 
  Call for Papers 

 Call for Papers   https://2023.iccsa.org/call-for-papers  https://2023.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/iccsa1150x225.jpg     
 Call for Papers  

 The 2023 International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications   
 - ICCSA 2023 -   

 National Technical University of Athens and University of the Aegean, Athens, Greece   
 July 3-6, 2023   
  
 The ICCSA 2023 conference will be organized in Athens, Greece.  Virtual registration (with a reduced registration fee) is still possible but in the spirit of facilitating researchers suffering from very critical economic and political situations. Besides online sessions, there will be pure on-site sessions with presential participation.    
 ICCSA 2023 will be the next event in a series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA), previously held in a blended form in Malaga - Spain (2023), in Cagliari - Italy (2021), online (2020, as an online-only event due  to COVID-19 pandemic restrictions)  , Saint Petersburg - Russia (2019), Melbourne - Australia (2018), Trieste - Italy (2017), Beijing - China (2016), Banff - Canada (2015), Guimaraes - Portugal (2014), Ho Chi Minh City - Vietnam (2013), Salvador da Bahia - Brazil (2012), Santander - Spain (2011), Fukuoka - Japan (2010), Suwon - Korea (2009), Perugia - Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur - Malaysia (2007), Glasgow - United Kingdom (2006), Singapore - Singapore(2005), Assisi - Italy (2004), Montreal - Canada (2003), and, as ICCS, in Amsterdam - The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco - USA (2001).  
  
 Computational Science is a central pillar of most of the present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting innovative ICT technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers an opportunity to bring together scientists of different disciplines, discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced solutions breeding new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition. Accepted papers will appear in the Conference proceedings to be published by Springer-Verlag in Lecture Notes in Computer Science  . The authors of a selected number of top-quality papers will be requested to extend their papers for further review and publication as special issues in highly recognized international journals.  
 ICCSA 2023 accepts paper submissions in the following categories: General Tracks and Workshops' Full Papers, General Tracks and Workshops' Short Papers and PhD Showcase Papers. The details for each paper submission category can be found at the URL https://iccsa.org/instructions-for-authors  and the list of Workshops at the URL: https://www.iccsa.org/workshops  .  
 Conference Themes  
 The ICCSA 2023 Conference themes, grouped in six tracks, are the following (but are not limited to):  
  
  1. Track: Computational Methods, Algorithms and Scientific Application   
  Computational Biology  
  Computational Combustion  
  Computational Chemistry  
  Computational Fluid Dynamics  
  Computational Physics  
  Computational Geometry  
  Computational Mathematics  
  Computational Mechanics  
  Computational Electromagnetics  
  Numerical Methods and Algorithms  
   
  2. Track: High-Performance Computing and Networks Parallel and Distributed Computing   
  Cluster Computing  
  Supercomputing  
  Cloud Computing  
  Autonomic Computing  
  P2P Computing  
  Mobile Computing  
  Grid and Semantic Grid Computing  
  Workflow Design and Practice  
  Computer and Network Architecture  
   
  3. Track: Geometric Modelling, Graphics and Visualization   
  Scientific Visualization  
  Computer Graphics  
  Geometric Modelling  
  Pattern Recognition  
  Image Processing  
  CAD/CAM  
  Web3D, Virtual and Augmented Reality  
   
  4. Track: Advanced and Emerging Applications   
  Biochemistry  
  Bioinformatics  
  Astrophysics  
  Biometric Modelling  
  Environmental, Climate and Weather Modelling  
  Geology and Geophysics  
  Nuclear Physics  
  Financial and Economic Modelling  
  Computational Journalism  
  Geographical Information Systems  
   
  5. Track: Information Systems and Technologies   
  Information Retrieval  
  Scientific Databases  
  Security Engineering  
  Risk Analysis  
  Reliability Engineering  
  Software Engineering  
  Data Mining  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Machine Learning  
  Learning Technologies  
  Web-Based Computing  
  Web 2.0  
  Blockchain  
   
  6. Track: Urban and Regional Planning   
  Urban and regional growth  
  Sustainable urban and regional development  
  Socio-ecological systems  
  Open Data, Big Data  
  Cultural Heritage  
  Smart and Sustainable Cities  
  Mobility and Intelligent Transport Systems  
  Decision Support Systems  
  Complexity assessment and mapping  
  Logistics  
 Paper Submission  
 To submit a paper, please connect to the Submission site from the link available at the ICCSA 2023 website: https://ess.iccsa.org  .  
  Only papers submitted through the electronic system and strictly adhering to the relevant format will be considered for reviewing and publication.  
  The submission may fall into the following categories: General Tracks and  Workshops' Full Papers, General Tracks and Workshops' Short Papers, and PHD Showcase Papers  .  
 GENERAL TRACKS AND WORKSHOPS' FULL PAPERS   
  The submitted paper must be between 12 to 18 pages long  for LNCS   publication  ,, and should be formatted according to the LNCS  rules.  
  Please consult the URL  https://iccsa.org/instructions-for-authors  for formatting information and templates.  
 SHORT PAPERS   
  Reporting preliminary results of ongoing research. The submitted paper must be between 8 and 11 pages long and formatted according to LNCS   rules  . The Short Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by LNCS  .  
 PHD SHOWCASE PAPERS   
  Reporting ongoing research already achieving significant results and primarily carried out by PhD students and junior researchers. The submitted paper must be between 10 to 18 pages long and formatted according to LNCS  rules  . The PhD Showcase Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by LNCS  .  
 CPS Papers   
  The submitted paper must be between 6 to 14 pages  long for Conference Publishin Services (CPS)   publication and should be formatted according to the CPS  rules.  
  
  Each paper must deal with original and unpublished work, not submitted for publication elsewhere (copyright problems fall entirely under the responsibility of the authors). Each paper will be reviewed by at least three experts in the relevant field (acceptance rate was 28% in 2005, 26% in 2006 and 28% in 2007, 29% in 2008, 30% in 2009, 29% in 2021, 2011, 2012, and 30% in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022) according to the Single Blind review method, ensuring the publication of only top quality contributions.  
   
  When a paper is accepted, at least one of the authors has to register for the conference and deliver the related talk. Failure to do so shall lead to the rejection of the application to attend next year's conference and the exclusion of the paper from the current year's proceedings.  
 Workshops  
 Refer to the web page https://iccsa.org/workshops  for the updated list of Workshops  
 When submitting your contribution to one of the above-listed Workshops, please pay attention to selecting the correct entry in the list box shown in the Abstract, Paper and Camera Ready submission forms.  
 An author is enabled to change the workshop associated with a submitted paper until the submission deadline by updating the paper in the system and selecting the proper Workshop from the list.  
  
 Important Dates  
 Please see important dates  page.   
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of the Conference will be published by Springer ( Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series).  
 In particular:  
   
  1. The selected top-quality Theme Papers and Session Papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science  ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 12-18 pages).  
 2. Short papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 8-11 pages)  
 3. PHD Showcase Papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 10-18 pages).  
 For a selected number of top-quality papers, after the Conference, the authors will be requested to extend the paper in order to be published as special issues in appropriate international journals.  

 Conference policy  
 By submitting the paper to the ICCSA conference, all authors agree to abide by all ICCSA conference paper submission, publication and presentation policies. Namely, the authors confirm that the work is original, has not appeared in literature in any form in the past and will not be submitted to any other venue concurrently with ICCSA submission or until it appears in ICCSA proceedings (in the case of acceptance). Furthermore, upon paper acceptance, authors agree to transfer the copyright on the accepted paper to ICCSA, and one of the authors will register the paper and present the paper at the event.No paper withdrawals can be accepted after the Conference pre-registration date or within three months of the actual event, whichever date comes first. Paper withdrawal requests can be only accepted in writing through email, letter or fax to conference organizers. The conference has no responsibility for any intentional or accidental misuse, misinterpretation, or failure to follow the above rules and conditions and holds no legal, civil or other responsibility for opinions, content or utilization of any methods/algorithms expressed in the Conference Proceedings.  

  Contact Information  
 Anastasia Stratigea  
  National Technical University of Athens  
  School of Rural, Surveying and Geoinformatics Engineering  
  Dept. of Geography and Regional Planning  
  Heroon Polytechniou 9,  
  15780 Zografou,  
  Greece  
  Phone: +30 210 7722 672  
  Fax: +30 210 7722 750  
  Email: stratige <at> central <dot> ntua <dot> gr  
  
  Osvaldo Gervasi  
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Perugia  
  Via Vanvitelli, 1  
  06123 Perugia  
  Italy  
  Phone: +39-075-5855048  
  Fax: +39-075-5855024  
  Email: osvaldo <dot> gervasi <at> unipg <dot> it  
  URL: http://ogervasi <dot> unipg <dot> it  

 Site Map 
  Accessibility 
  Privacy policy 

  Important dates data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Programme 
  Submission Site 

 You are here:  Home 
  Important Dates 

 Important Dates   https://2023.iccsa.org/important-dates  https://2023.iccsa.org/@@site-logo/iccsa1150x225.jpg     
 Important Dates  

 December 11  ,  2022  : Deadline for Workshop proposals submission    
  December 12  ,  2022  : Start of Abstract and Paper Submission    
  April 11, 2023  : Deadline for abstract and paper submission to the General Tracks. Workshops may have their own deadline    
  April 30, 2023  : Notification of Acceptance    
  May 15, 2023:  Submission deadline for the final version of the Proceeding Paper (  hard deadline)  
   May 15, 2023:  Registration ends (  hard deadline  ).    
  July 3-6, 2023: ICCSA 2023 Conference in Athens, Greece   

 News   
 Updated Info available | Jul 03, 2023 
  Test the remote presentation environment | Jun 21, 2023 
  Conference program available | Jun 21, 2023 
  Registration to the conference is mandatory | Jun 18, 2023 
  Notifications completed | May 14, 2023 
    
 More news…   

 Site Map 
  Accessibility 
  Privacy policy

6. Conference ICCSA_2:
Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Call for Papers 
  Workshops 
  Committees 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Programme 
  Submission site 

 You are here:  Home 
  Next year Conference 

 Next year Conference  ICCSA 2025 will be held in Istanbul, Turkey on June 30th - July 3rd, 2025  https://iccsa.org/next-year-conference  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/v5-1150x225.jpg     
 Next year Conference  
   
 ICCSA 2025 will be held in Istanbul, Turkey on June 30th - July 3rd, 2025   

 News   
 Presentation templates | Jun 20, 2024 
  Posters submission | Jun 12, 2024 
  Test the remote presentation environment | Jun 11, 2024 
  New instructions available for Reviewers and Workshop Chairs | Apr 07, 2024 
  The submission has been extended to March 27, 2024 | Mar 08, 2024 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2024 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Site Map 
  Privacy policy 
  Accessibility 

  
Call for papers data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Call for Papers 
  Workshops 
  Committees 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Programme 
  Submission site 

 You are here:  Home 
  Call for Papers 

 Call for Papers   https://iccsa.org/call-for-papers  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/v5-1150x225.jpg     
 Call for Papers  

 The 2024 International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications   
 - ICCSA 2024 -   

 Thuyloi University, Hanoi, Vietnam   
   
 July 1-4, 2024   
  
 The ICCSA 2024 conference will be organized in Hanoi, Vietnam.   Virtual registration (with a reduced registration fee) is still possible but in the spirit of facilitating researchers suffering from very critical economic and political situations. Besides online sessions, there will be pure on-site sessions with presential participation.    
 ICCSA 2024 will be the next event in a series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA), previously held in a blended form in Athens - Greece (2023), Malaga - Spain (2022), in Cagliari - Italy (2021), online (2020, as an online-only event due  to COVID-19 pandemic restrictions)  , Saint Petersburg - Russia (2019), Melbourne - Australia (2018), Trieste - Italy (2017), Beijing - China (2016), Banff - Canada (2015), Guimaraes - Portugal (2014), Ho Chi Minh City - Vietnam (2013), Salvador da Bahia - Brazil (2012), Santander - Spain (2011), Fukuoka - Japan (2010), Suwon - Korea (2009), Perugia - Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur - Malaysia (2007), Glasgow - United Kingdom (2006), Singapore - Singapore(2005), Assisi - Italy (2004), Montreal - Canada (2003), and, as ICCS, in Amsterdam - The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco - USA (2001).  
  
 Computational Science is a central pillar of most of the present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting innovative ICT technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers an opportunity to bring together scientists of different disciplines, discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced solutions breeding new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition. Accepted papers will appear in the Conference proceedings to be published (authorization is still pending) by Springer-Verlag in  Lecture Notes in Computer Science  . The authors of a selected number of top-quality papers will be requested to extend their papers for further review and publication as special issues in highly recognized international journals.  
 ICCSA 2024 accepts paper submissions in the following categories: General Tracks and Workshops' Full Papers, General Tracks and Workshops' Short Papers and PhD Showcase Papers. The details for each paper submission category can be found at the URL https://iccsa.org/instructions-for-authors   and the list of Workshops at the URL:  https://www.iccsa.org/workshops  .  
 Conference Themes  
 The ICCSA 2024 Conference themes, grouped in six tracks, are the following (but are not limited to):  
  
  1. Track: Computational Methods, Algorithms and Scientific Application   
  Computational Biology  
  Computational Combustion  
  Computational Chemistry  
  Computational Fluid Dynamics  
  Computational Physics  
  Computational Geometry  
  Computational Mathematics  
  Computational Mechanics  
  Computational Electromagnetics  
  Numerical Methods and Algorithms  
   
  2. Track: High-Performance Computing and Networks Parallel and Distributed Computing   
  Cluster Computing  
  Supercomputing  
  Cloud Computing  
  Autonomic Computing  
  P2P Computing  
  Mobile Computing  
  Grid and Semantic Grid Computing  
  Workflow Design and Practice  
  Computer and Network Architecture  
   
  3. Track: Geometric Modelling, Graphics and Visualization   
  Scientific Visualization  
  Computer Graphics  
  Geometric Modelling  
  Pattern Recognition  
  Image Processing  
  CAD/CAM  
  Web3D, Virtual and Augmented Reality  
   
  4. Track: Advanced and Emerging Applications   
  Biochemistry  
  Bioinformatics  
  Astrophysics  
  Biometric Modelling  
  Environmental, Climate and Weather Modelling  
  Geology and Geophysics  
  Nuclear Physics  
  Financial and Economic Modelling  
  Computational Journalism  
  Geographical Information Systems  
   
  5. Track: Information Systems and Technologies   
  Information Retrieval  
  Scientific Databases  
  Security Engineering  
  Risk Analysis  
  Reliability Engineering  
  Software Engineering  
  Data Mining  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Machine Learning  
  Learning Technologies  
  Web-Based Computing  
  Web 2.0  
  Blockchain  
   
  6. Track:  Urban and Regional Planning   
  Urban and regional growth  
  Sustainable urban and regional development  
  Socio-ecological systems  
  Open Data, Big Data  
  Cultural Heritage  
  Smart and Sustainable Cities  
  Mobility and Intelligent Transport Systems  
  Decision Support Systems  
  Complexity assessment and mapping  
  Logistics  
 Paper Submission  
 To submit a paper, please connect to the Submission site from the link available at the ICCSA 2024 website:  https://cyb24.iccsa.org  .  
  Only papers submitted through the electronic system and strictly adhering to the relevant format will be considered for reviewing and publication.  
  The submission may fall into the following categories:  General Tracks and  Workshops' Full Papers, General Tracks and Workshops' Short Papers, and PHD Showcase Papers  .  
 GENERAL TRACKS AND WORKSHOPS' FULL PAPERS   
  The submitted paper must be between 12 to 18 pages long  for  LNCS   publication  ,, and should be formatted according to the  LNCS  rules.  
  Please consult the URL   https://iccsa.org/instructions-for-authors   for formatting information and templates.  
 SHORT PAPERS   
  Reporting preliminary results of ongoing research. The submitted paper must be between 8 and 11 pages long and formatted according to  LNCS   rules  . The Short Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by  LNCS  .  
 PHD SHOWCASE PAPERS   
  Reporting ongoing research already achieving significant results and primarily carried out by PhD students and junior researchers. The submitted paper must be between 10 to 18 pages long and formatted according to  LNCS  rules  . The PhD Showcase Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by LNCS  .  
 CPS Papers   
  The submitted paper must be  between 6 to 14 pages   long for  Conference Publishin Services (CPS)    publication and should be formatted according to the  CPS   rules.  
  
  Each paper must deal with original and unpublished work, not submitted for publication elsewhere (copyright problems fall entirely under the responsibility of the authors). Each paper will be reviewed by at least three experts in the relevant field (acceptance rate was 28% in 2005, 26% in 2006 and 28% in 2007, 29% in 2008, 30% in 2009, 29% in 2021, 2011, 2012, and 30% in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022) according to the Single Blind review method, ensuring the publication of only top quality contributions.  
   
  When a paper is accepted, at least one of the authors has to register for the conference and deliver the related talk. Failure to do so shall lead to the rejection of the application to attend next year's conference and the exclusion of the paper from the current year's proceedings.  
 Workshops  
 Refer to the web page  https://iccsa.org/workshops   for the updated list of Workshops  
 When submitting your contribution to one of the above-listed Workshops, please pay attention to selecting the correct entry in the list box shown in the Abstract, Paper and Camera Ready submission forms.  
 An author is enabled to change the workshop associated with a submitted paper until the submission deadline by updating the paper in the system and selecting the proper Workshop from the list.  
  
 Important Dates  
 Please see  important dates   page.   
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of the Conference will be published by Springer ( Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series).  
 In particular:  
   
  1. The selected top-quality Theme Papers and Session Papers will appear in the Springer  Lecture Notes in Computer Science   ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 12-18 pages).  
 2. Short papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 8-11 pages)  
 3. PHD Showcase Papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 10-18 pages).  
 For a selected number of top-quality papers, after the Conference, the authors will be requested to extend the paper in order to be published as special issues in appropriate international journals.  
 The proceedings will be indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services. The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  
 All reviewed papers will be checked against Plagiarism and Generative AI.  

 Conference policy  
 By submitting the paper to the ICCSA conference, all authors agree to abide by all ICCSA conference paper submission, publication and presentation policies. Namely, the authors confirm that the work is original, has not appeared in literature in any form in the past and will not be submitted to any other venue concurrently with ICCSA submission or until it appears in ICCSA proceedings (in the case of acceptance). Furthermore, upon paper acceptance, authors agree to transfer the copyright on the accepted paper to ICCSA, and one of the authors will register the paper and present the paper at the event. No paper withdrawals can be accepted after the Conference pre-registration date or within three months of the actual event, whichever date comes first. Paper withdrawal requests can be only accepted in writing through email, letter or fax to conference organizers. The conference has no responsibility for any intentional or accidental misuse, misinterpretation, or failure to follow the above rules and conditions and holds no legal, civil or other responsibility for opinions, content or utilization of any methods/algorithms expressed in the Conference Proceedings.   
 Registration fee payments cannot be refunded for changes or errors not attributable to ICCSA.  

  Contact Information  
 David Taniar  
  Department of Software Systems and Cybersecurity  
  Monash University  
  Melbourne  
  Australia  
  Email: david <dot> taniar <at>  monash   <dot> edu   
  
  Osvaldo Gervasi  
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Perugia  
  Via Vanvitelli, 1  
  06123 Perugia  
  Italy  
  Phone: +39-075-5855048  
  Fax: +39-075-5855024  
  Email: osvaldo <dot> gervasi <at> unipg <dot> it  
  URL: http://ogervasi <dot> unipg <dot> it  

 News   
 Presentation templates | Jun 20, 2024 
  Posters submission | Jun 12, 2024 
  Test the remote presentation environment | Jun 11, 2024 
  New instructions available for Reviewers and Workshop Chairs | Apr 07, 2024 
  The submission has been extended to March 27, 2024 | Mar 08, 2024 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2024 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Site Map 
  Privacy policy 
  Accessibility 

  Important dates data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Call for Papers 
  Workshops 
  Committees 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Programme 
  Submission site 

 You are here:  Home 
  Important dates 

 Important dates   https://iccsa.org/important-dates  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/v5-1150x225.jpg     
 Important dates  

 The important dates of ICCSA 2024 are the following:   
 September 27, 2023: Start of Workshop proposal submission  
    October 27, 2023  : Deadline for Workshop proposal submission     
  October  28, 2023  : Start of Abstract and Paper Submission   
   March 27, 2024   : Deadline for abstract and paper submission to the General Tracks. Workshops may have their own deadline.  
  April 15, 2024  : Deadline for reviewers  
   April 20, 2024  : Notification of Acceptance   
  May 8, 2024:  Submission deadline for the final version of the Proceeding Paper (  hard deadline)  
   May 8, 2024:  Registration and payment ends (  hard deadline  )   
  July 1-4, 2024: ICCSA 2024 Conference   

 News   
 Presentation templates | Jun 20, 2024 
  Posters submission | Jun 12, 2024 
  Test the remote presentation environment | Jun 11, 2024 
  New instructions available for Reviewers and Workshop Chairs | Apr 07, 2024 
  The submission has been extended to March 27, 2024 | Mar 08, 2024 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2024 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Site Map 
  Privacy policy 
  Accessibility

7. Conference ICCP_2:
ICCP 2024        
 Home  General Information  Call for papers  Important Dates  Technical Program  Keynote Speakers  Special Sessions  Workshops    
   
 Author Area  Submission  Paper Template  Camera Ready  Registration  Location and venue    
   
 Committees  Organizing Commitee  Program Commitee    
   
 Previous Conferences    

 ICCP 2024 Call for Papers  

 The goal of the 2024 IEEE 20th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners working towards improving the power of both communication and processing software using the most advanced intelligent methods available today.  
 The growing toolkit of AI - computer vision, natural conversation, and machines that learn over time—has the potential to enhance almost the entire economic and social life. The driving forces of this development are the increased volumes of data, the continuously growing of communication, processing, storage capabilities and the new machine learning techniques especially deep learning and reinforcement learning algorithms.  
 The fast development of artificial intelligence and its applications implies more advanced but also more secure artifacts, which require the intelligent computer communication and processing technologies to improve at a high pace.  
 Download call for papers  .  
 Technical tracks include, but are not limited to:  
 Intelligent Systems:  Agent and Multi-agent based Systems; Knowledge Representation; Reasoning and Engineering; Ontology Modeling and Mediation; Natural Language Processing and Understanding; Web and Knowledge-based Information Systems; Multidisciplinary Topics and Applications.  
   
  Deep Learning:  CNN; GNN, Transformers; Theoretical contributions to Supervised Learning, Semi-supervised Learning, Self-supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Reinforcement Learning; Neuro-symbolic Processing; Continual Learning; Synthetic Data based Learning; Domain Adaptation; Explainable AI.  
   
  Deep Learning Based Computer Vision:  Image Processing; Image Enhancement; Feature extraction; Semantic, Instance and Panoptic Segmentation; Optical Flow; Stereovision and 3D Reconstruction; Monocular Depth Estimation; Motion; 2D and 3D Object Detection, 3D Point Cloud Processing, Tracking and Recognition; Multi-sensor and temporal fusion; Environment Representation; Risk Assessment.  
 Perception Applications:  Video-based Question Answering, Driving Assistance Applications; Autonomous Vehicles; Autonomous Drones; Robotic Applications; Biomedical Image Analysis.  
   
  Intelligent Distributed Computing and Networking:  Cloud Computing, Context Aware; Autonomic Computing; Resource Coordination and Management; Quality of Service; Queuing Network Models; Pervasive Computing; Grid Computing; Fault Tolerance; Cooperative Applications.  
 Special Sessions  
 Natural Language Understanding:  organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca in cooperation with National University of Science and Technology "Politehnica" Bucharest, RO.  
   
  Autonomated Driving 1&2  organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca, RO.  

 Workshops  
 Semantic and Geometric Perception and Understanding   
 organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca in cooperation with Robert Bosch in the framework of “DeepPerception - Deep Learning Based 3D Perception for Autonomous Driving” grant funded by Romanian Ministry of Education and Research, code PN-III-P4-PCE-2021-1134.  

  ICCP 2024  
 Home 
  General Information | Call for papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 

  
Call for papers data: 
     

 Skip navigation  Sitemap 
  Contact 

   Navigation  Skip navigation  Home 
  General Information | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 
  Location 
  Travel Information 
  Accomodation 
  Conference Venue 
  Author Area | Submission 
  Paper Template 
  Accepted Papers 
  Registration 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Previous Conferences 

 WELCOME TO 2017 IEEE ICCP  
   You are cordially invited to participate to the 2017 IEEE 13 th  International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing  (ICCP 2017), to be held September 7 - 9, 2017  in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.  
   
  At 2016 IEEE ICCP  the program committee selected 55 papers from a total of 93 submissions.  
  The papers are available in IEEE Xplore digital library  and have been indexed in Web of Science  and Scopus  .  

 Previous   Next   

 Welcome  
 You are invited to participate at the 2017 IEEE 13 th  International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing. The conference will be held on September 7 - 9, 2017 at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Cluj – City Plaza  , in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.  
 The goal of the 2017 IEEE 13 th  International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners working towards improving the power of both communication and processing software using the most advanced methods available today. The fast development of the web implies more advanced but also more secure artifacts, which require the software technology to improve at a high pace.  

 Technical tracks include, but are not limited to  
 Intelligent Systems:   
  Agent-based and Multiagent Systems; Knowledge Representation, Reasoning and Engineering; Ontology Modeling and Mediation; Machine Learning; Natural Language Processing; Multidisciplinary Topics and Applications, Web and Knowledge-based Information Systems; Systems and Organization  
  
  Computer Vision:   
  Image Processing Techniques and Methods; Segmentation and Features; Stereovision and 3D Reconstruction; Motion, Optical Flow and Tracking; Statistics and Machine Learning for Vision; Object Recognition; Deep Learning, Perception and Representation; Driving Assistance Applications; Autonomous Driving, Vision-based Robotic Applications; Biomedical Image Analysis, Semantic Media Annotation  
  
  Distributed Computing and Networking:   
  Cloud Computing, Context Aware; Autonomic Computing; Resource Coordination and Management; Quality of Service; Queuing Network Models; Pervasive Computing; Grid Computing; Fault Tolerance; Cooperative Applications; Data Security.  
 Special Sessions:   
 Automated Driving 
  HiPerGRID | - High Performance Grid Middleware 
  Workshops:   
 Deep Learning in Automated Driving | - Organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca 
  Bosch Student Workshop  - | Organized by Robert Bosch Romania 

 Contact Information  
 For any questions regarding the ICCP 2017 Conference you can contact the organizers:  
 E-mail: iccp@conference.utcluj.ro   
 Phone: +40  0264 202 211   

 Latest news  
 2017-06-14 11:06   
 Keynote Speaker - Dr. Thorsten Bagdonat   
 Head of “Perception” group at Volkswagen Group Research „Automated Driving“  
   
 Read more …   
   
 2017-04-06 08:34   
 Keynote Speaker - Dr. Fawzi Nashashibi   
 Program Manager of Robotics and Intelligent Transportation Systems - INRIA  
   
 Read more …   
   
 2017-03-01 13:00   
 Paper Submission Opened   
 For paper upload please visit the submission and review system     
   
 Read more … Paper Submission Opened    

 Organizers  
    Computer Science Department, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca.  

    Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania.  

    Academy of Technical Sciences of Romania  

 Sponsors  
    Robert Bosch  

    Porsche Engineering Cluj  

    IEEE - Romania Section  

 Skip navigation  Home 
  General Information 
  Author Area 
  Committees 
  Previous Conferences 

 Latest news  
 Currently there are no news items.  
   
 Upcoming Events  
 Currently there are no events.   
   
 Copyright  
 © 2018 Technical University of Cluj-Napoca. Computer Science Department.  
 Powered by Contao   

  Important dates data: 
     

 Skip navigation  Sitemap 
  Contact 

   Navigation  Skip navigation  Home 
  General Information | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 
  Location 
  Travel Information 
  Accomodation 
  Conference Venue 
  Author Area | Submission 
  Paper Template 
  Accepted Papers 
  Registration 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Previous Conferences 

 ICCP 2017 
  General Information 
  Important Dates 

 Important Dates  
 Submission of papers: | June 1  ,  2017 | , | June 17, 2017 - Hard deadline, no extensions will be granted.  
  Authors that have already submitted their work, can update their manuscripts until the specified date. 
  Notification of acceptance: | July 14, 2017 
  Camera-ready papers due: | July 31, 2017 
  Author | registration due | : | July 31, 2017 
  ICCP 2017 Conference: - | September 7 - 9, 2017 

 Skip navigation  Home 
  General Information | Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 
  Location 
  Travel Information 
  Accomodation 
  Conference Venue 
  Author Area 
  Committees 
  Previous Conferences 

 Skip navigation  Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 
  Location 
  Travel Information 
  Accomodation 
  Conference Venue 

 Latest news  
 Currently there are no news items.  
   
 Upcoming Events  
 Currently there are no events.   
   
 Copyright  
 © 2018 Technical University of Cluj-Napoca. Computer Science Department.  
 Powered by Contao

8. Conference ICCSA_3:
Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Submission Site 
  Programme 

 You are here:  Home 

 The 21st International Conference on Computational Science and its Applications   https://iccsa.org  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/2021logo.png     
 The 21st International Conference on Computational Science and its Applications  

 The 21st International Conference on Computational Science and Applications (ICCSA 2021) has been held on Sept 13 - 16, 2021 in collaboration with the University of Cagliari, Italy, in Blended form (some present, the remaining on-line), because of Covid-19 pandemic.  

 ICCSA 2021 has been the next event in a series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA), previously held Online (2020), in Saint Petersburg, Russia (2019), Melbourne, Australia (2018), Trieste, Italy (2017), Beijing. China (2016), Banff, Canada (2015), Guimaraes, Portugal (2014), Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (2013), Salvador de Bahia, Brazil (2012), Santander, Spain (2011), Fukuoka, Japan (2010), Suwon, Korea (2009), Perugia, Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (2007), Glasgow, UK (2006), Singapore (2005), Assisi, Italy (2004), Montreal, Canada (2003), and (as ICCS) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco, USA (2001). The first ICCSA conference was co-organized by C.J.K. Tan (UK) and M. Gavrilova (U of Calgary, Canada) in 2003.  
 Computational Science is a main pillar of most of the present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting Information and Communication Technologies as innovative technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers a real opportunity to discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced enabling solutions able to shape new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition.  
 All accepted papers will be included in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS)  series and indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services. The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  

 Springer is able to manage ORCID ID related to the authors and the Proceedings Volumes Editors! Please add the ORCID ID related to each author of your submitted paper!!!     
 Warning: Fake ICCSA Conference by WASET   
  We have noticed the existence of organisations such as WASET that run fake “conferences” in order to make profit with the registration fees, often spoofing the names of real conferences. WASET claims to be organising a conference called ICCSA next year, which is a FAKE ICCSA conference.  
  The Real ICCSA conference has been organised by the ICCSA Society since 2003. We do not have any involvement with WASET. Please spread this news to your contacts and communities so that nobody mistakenly participates to such fake conferences.  
  WASET is predator publisher. Go to this Wiki Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Academy_of_Science,_Engineering_and_Technology    
 The conference is organized in cooperation with:   
  University of Cagliari    , Italy  

 This conference is proudly sponsored by:  

  Springer International Publishing      
  
  Computers Open Access Journal    
   
  IEEE Italy Section   

  Centre-North Italy Ch   apter IEEE GRSS   
  
  Italy Section of the Computer Society   
  
  University of Perugia  , Italy    
  
  University of Basilicata   , Italy   

   Monash University  , Australia    

  Kyushu Sangyo University   , Japan   

  University of Minho   , Portugal   
  
  Associazione Scientifica Infrastrutture Trasporto (Scientific Association Transport Infrastructures)  , Italy  

 Regione Autonoma della Sardegna   
   
 Comune di Cagliari   

 Città Metropolitana di Cagliari   
   
 Cagliari Accessibility Lab (CAL)   

 Quick Links  
 Instructions for Authors   
 Pre-filled Copyright Form   
 Registration Info   
 ORCID   
 Publishing Open Access in LNCS   
 Important Dates   

 Related Links  
 Tips   
 Are you chairing a session?   
 Welcome   
 Map of Cagliari   
 Presentation template   
 Venue   
 VISA   
 Hotel Information   

 Special Issues  
    
 Special Issue "Geographical Analysis, Urban Modelling, Spatial Statistics, Econometric and Multidimensional Evaluation in Urban Environment"   

 Special Issue reserved to ICCSA 2020 authors (by invitation of the Chairs)    
    
 Special Issue on "Virtual Reality and Scientific Visualization"   

 Special issue on Fractal AI-Based Analyses and Applications to Complex Systems    

 Special Issue on Active Travel and Mobility Management     

 Special Issue: Social and Health Implications of Active Travel Policies    

 Special Issue:  "Geo-Information Technology for Air Quality Management. New Trends and Scientific Challenges"   

 Previous ICCSA Editions  
  
 ICCSA 2020, Cagliari, Italy   
 ICCSA 2019, Saint Petersburg, Russia   
 ICCSA 2018, Melbourne, Australia   
 ICCSA 2017, Trieste, Italy   
 ICCSA 2016, Beijing, China   
 ICCSA 2015, Banff, Canada   
 ICCSA 2014, Guimaraes, Portugal   
 ICCSA 2013, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   

 «  November 2021 »   
  
 Su | Mo | Tu | We | Th | Fr | Sa 
 31 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 
 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 
 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 
 21 | 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 
 28 | 29 | 30 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 

 News   
 Participation and presentation certificates | Oct 11, 2021 
  Follow us on the two ICCSA Youtube Channel for live streaming | Sep 13, 2021 
  Instructions for session chairs | Sep 12, 2021 
  Welcome to ICCSA 2021 | Sep 11, 2021 
  The ICCSA 2021 Map of Cagliari | Sep 11, 2021 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2021 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Accessibility 
  privacy policy 
  Contact 

  
Call for papers data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Submission Site 
  Programme 

 You are here:  Home 
  Call for Papers 

 Call for Papers   https://iccsa.org/call-for-papers  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/2021logo.png     
 Call for Papers  

 The 2021 International Conference on Computational Science and Its Applications   
 - ICCSA 2021 -   

 Cagliari, Italy    
 September 13-16, 2021   
  
 The ICCSA 2021 conference will again be organized in Cagliari, Italy, and we are once more planning for robustness.   
  Like last year, ICCSA 2021 offers the possibility of online-only participation (with reduces registration fees). But we are also planning to offer the possibility of in-presence participation, should the pandemic situation allow it, by setting up a blended experience for mixed online/in-presence sessions.   
   
 ICCSA 2021 will be the next event in a series of highly successful International Conferences on Computational Science and Its Applications (ICCSA), previously held in Cagliari - Italy (2020, as an online-only event due  to COVID-19 pandemic restrictions)  , Saint Petersburg - Russia (2019), Melbourne - Australia (2018), Trieste - Italy (2017), Beijing- China (2016), Banff - Canada (2015), Guimaraes - Portugal (2014), Ho Chi Minh City - Vietnam (2013), Salvador da Bahia - Brazil (2012), Santander - Spain (2011), Fukuoka - Japan (2010), Suwon - Korea (2009), Perugia - Italy (2008), Kuala Lumpur - Malaysia (2007), Glasgow - United Kingdom (2006), Singapore - Singapore(2005), Assisi - Italy (2004), Montreal - Canada (2003), and, as ICCS, in Amsterdam - The Netherlands (2002) and San Francisco - USA (2001).  
  
 Computational Science is a main pillar of most of the present research, industrial and commercial activities and plays a unique role in exploiting ICT innovative technologies.  
 The ICCSA Conference offers a real opportunity to bring together scientists of different disciplines, discuss new issues, tackle complex problems and find advanced solutions breeding new trends in Computational Science.  
 Submitted papers will be subject to stringent peer review by at least three experts and carefully evaluated based on originality, significance, technical soundness, and clarity of exposition. Accepted papers will appear in the Conference proceedings to be published by Springer-Verlag in Lecture Notes for Computer Science and Conference Publishing System (CPS). The authors of a selected number of top quality papers will be requested to extend their papers for further review and publication as special issues in highly recognized international journals.  
 ICCSA 2021 accepts paper submission in the following categories: General Tracks papers and Workshop papers. The details for each paper submission category can be found at the URL http://www.iccsa.org/Instructions-for-authors  and the list of Workshops at the URL: http://www.iccsa.org/workshops  .  
 Conference Themes  
 The ICCSA 2021 Conference themes, grouped in six tracks, are the following (but are not limited to):  
  
  1. Track: Computational Methods, Algorithms and Scientific Application   
  Computational Biology  
  Computational Combustion  
  Computational Chemistry  
  Computational Fluid Dynamics  
  Computational Physics  
  Computational Geometry  
  Computational Mathematics  
  Computational Mechanics  
  Computational Electro-magnetics  
  Numerical Methods and Algorithms  
   
  2. Track: High Performance Computing and Networks Parallel and Distributed Computing   
  Cluster Computing  
  Supercomputing  
  Cloud Computing  
  Autonomic Computing  
  P2P Computing  
  Mobile Computing  
  Grid and Semantic Grid Computing  
  Workflow Design and Practice  
  Computer and Network Architecture  
   
  3. Track: Geometric Modelling, Graphics and Visualization   
  Scientific Visualization  
  Computer Graphics  
  Geometric Modelling  
  Pattern Recognition  
  Image Processing  
  CAD/CAM  
  Web3D, Virtual and Augmented Reality  
   
  4. Track: Advanced and Emerging Applications   
  Biochemistry  
  Bioinformatics  
  Astrophysics  
  Biometric Modelling  
  Environmental, Climate and Weather Modelling  
  Geology and Geophysics  
  Nuclear Physics  
  Financial and Economical Modelling  
  Computational Journalism  
  Geographical Information Systems  
   
  5. Track: Information Systems and Technologies   
  Information Retrieval  
  Scientific Databases  
  Security Engineering  
  Risk Analysis  
  Reliability Engineering  
  Software Engineering  
  Data Mining  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Machine Learning  
  Learning Technologies  
  Web Based Computing  
  Web 2.0  
  Blockchain  
   
  6. Track: Urban and Regional Planning   
  Urban and regional grouth  
  Sustainable urban and regional development  
  Socio-ecological systems  
  Open Data, Big Data  
  Cultural Heritage  
  Smart and Sustainable Cities  
  Mobility and Intelligent Transport Systems  
  Decision Support Systems  
  Complexity assessment and mapping  
  Logistics  
 Paper Submission  
 To submit a paper, please connect to the Submission site from the link available at the ICCSA 2021 web site: https://cyb21.iccsa.org  .  
  Only papers submitted through the electronic system and strictly adhering to the relevant format will be considered for reviewing and publication.  
  The submission may fall into the following five categories: General Tracks Papers  , Workshop Papers, Short Papers, and PHD Showcase Papers  .  
 GENERAL TRACKS PAPERS  
   The submitted paper must be camera-ready, between 10 and 16 pages long  and formatted according to the   LNCS   rules  . Please consult the URL  http://www.iccsa.org/Instructions-for-authors  for formatting information and templates.  
  
  WORKSHOPS PAPERS   
  The submitted paper must be between 10 to 16 pages long  for   LNCS   publication  , or 7 to 11 pages for  CPS publication  (in such case as post-conference proceedings)  , and should be formatted according to the  LNCS  or  CPS  rules, respectively.  
  Please consult the URL  http://www.iccsa.org/Instructions-for-authors  for formatting information and templates.  
 SHORT PAPERS   
  Reporting preliminary results of ongoing research. The submitted paper must be between 7 and 9 pages long formatted according to  LNCS   rules  . The Short Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by  LNCS  .  
 PHD SHOWCASE PAPERS   
  Reporting ongoing research already achieving significant results and primarily carried out by Ph.D. students and junior researchers. The submitted paper must be between 6 to 8 pages long formatted according to  CPS   rules  . The PHD Showcase Papers will be presented during the conference and will be published by  CPS  as post-conference proceedings.  
   
  Each paper must deal with original and unpublished work, not submitted for publication elsewhere (copyright problems fall entirely under responsibility of the authors). Each paper will be reviewed by at least three experts in the relevant field (acceptance rate was 28% in 2005, 26% in 2006 and 28% in 2007, 29% in 2008, 30% in 2009, 29% in 2021, 2011, 2012, and 30% in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2020) ensuring the publication of only top quality contributions.  
   
  When a paper is accepted at least one of the authors has to register to the conference and deliver the related talk. Failure to do so shall lead to rejection of the application to attend next year conference and the exclusion of the paper for the current year proceedings.  
 Workshops  
 Refer to the web page  http://www.iccsa.org/workshops  for the updated list of Workshops  
 Please pay attention, when submitting your contribution to one of the above listed Workshops, to select the right entry in the listbox shown in the Abstract, Paper and Camera Ready submission forms.  
 An author is enabled to change the workshop associated to a submitted paper until the submission deadline, by updating the paper into the system and selecting the proper Workshop from the list.  
  
 Important Dates  
 May 10, 2021: Deadline for abstract and paper submission to the General Tracks. Workshops may have their own deadline  
  June 6, 2021  : Notification of Acceptance  
  July 12, 2021:  Submission deadline for the final version of the Proceeding Paper ( hard deadline)  
   July 12, 2021:  Registration ends ( hard deadline  )  
  September 13-16, 2021: ICCSA 2021 Conference   
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of the Conference will be pubished both by Springer ( Lecture Notes in Computer Science  series) and, as post-conference proceedings, by Conference Publishing Services (CPS)  .  
 In particular:  
   
  1. The selected top quality Theme Papers and Session Papers having adopted LNCS, will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series (paper length: 10-16 pages).  
 2. The selected top quality Session Papers having adopted CPS, will appear in the CPS post-conference  Proceedings.  
 3. Short papers will appear in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science ( LNCS  ) series (paper length: 7-9 pages)  
 4. PHD Showcase Papers will be published in the CPS post-conference  Proceedings.  
 For a selected number of top quality papers, after the Conference, the authors will be requested to extend the paper in order to be published as special issues in appropriate international journals.  

 Conference policy  
 By submitting the paper to ICCSA conference, all authors agree to abide by all ICCSA conference paper submission, publication and presentation policies. Namely, authors confirm that the work is original, has not appeared in literature in any form in the past and will not be submitted to any other venue concurrently with ICCSA submission or until it appears in ICCSA proceedings (in the case of acceptance). Furthermore, upon paper acceptance, authors agree to transfer copyright on the accepted paper to ICCSA, and one of the authors will register the paper and present the paper at the event.No paper withdrawals can be accepted after Conference pre-registration date or within three months of the actual event, whichever date comes first. Paper withdrawal request can be only accepted in writing through email, letter or fax to conference organizers.The conference has no responsibility for any intentional or accidental misuse, misinterpretation, or failure to follow above rules and conditions and holds no legal, civil or other responsibility for opinions, content or utilization of any methods/algorithms expressed in the Conference Proceedings.  

  Contact Information  
  
 Osvaldo Gervasi  
  Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Perugia  
  Via Vanvitelli, 1  
  06123 Perugia  
  Italy  
  Phone: +39-075-5855048  
  Fax: +39-075-5855024  
  Email: osvaldo <dot> gervasi <at> unipg <dot> it  
  URL: http://ogervasi.unipg.it  

 Ivan Blečić  
  Dipartimento di Ingegneria Civile e Ambientale e Architettura, University of Cagliari  
  Via Marengo, 2  
  06913 Cagliari  
  Italy  
  Email: ivanblecic <at>unica <dot> it  

 Quick Links  
 Instructions for Authors   
 Pre-filled Copyright Form   
 Registration Info   
 ORCID   
 Publishing Open Access in LNCS   
 Important Dates   

 Related Links  
 Tips   
 Are you chairing a session?   
 Welcome   
 Map of Cagliari   
 Presentation template   
 Venue   
 VISA   
 Hotel Information   

 Special Issues  
    
 Special Issue "Geographical Analysis, Urban Modelling, Spatial Statistics, Econometric and Multidimensional Evaluation in Urban Environment"   

 Special Issue reserved to ICCSA 2020 authors (by invitation of the Chairs)    
    
 Special Issue on "Virtual Reality and Scientific Visualization"   

 Special issue on Fractal AI-Based Analyses and Applications to Complex Systems    

 Special Issue on Active Travel and Mobility Management     

 Special Issue: Social and Health Implications of Active Travel Policies    

 Special Issue:  "Geo-Information Technology for Air Quality Management. New Trends and Scientific Challenges"   

 Previous ICCSA Editions  
  
 ICCSA 2020, Cagliari, Italy   
 ICCSA 2019, Saint Petersburg, Russia   
 ICCSA 2018, Melbourne, Australia   
 ICCSA 2017, Trieste, Italy   
 ICCSA 2016, Beijing, China   
 ICCSA 2015, Banff, Canada   
 ICCSA 2014, Guimaraes, Portugal   
 ICCSA 2013, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   

 «  November 2021 »   
  
 Su | Mo | Tu | We | Th | Fr | Sa 
 31 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 
 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 
 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 
 21 | 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 
 28 | 29 | 30 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 

 News   
 Participation and presentation certificates | Oct 11, 2021 
  Follow us on the two ICCSA Youtube Channel for live streaming | Sep 13, 2021 
  Instructions for session chairs | Sep 12, 2021 
  Welcome to ICCSA 2021 | Sep 11, 2021 
  The ICCSA 2021 Map of Cagliari | Sep 11, 2021 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2021 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Accessibility 
  privacy policy 
  Contact 

  Important dates data: 
  Search Site   only in current section    
     
  Advanced Search…    
   
 Log in 

 Toggle navigation        
 Home 
  Themes 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Submission Site 
  Programme 

 You are here:  Home 
  Important Dates 

 Important Dates   https://iccsa.org/important-dates  https://iccsa.org/@@site-logo/2021logo.png     
 Important Dates  

 December 23, 2020: Deadline for Workshop proposals submission (passed)  
  December 27, 2020: Start of Abstract and Paper submission (passed)  
  May 10, 2021: Deadline for abstract and paper submission to the General Tracks. Workshops may have their own deadline  
  June 6, 2021  : Notification of Acceptance - still ongoing  
  July 12, 2021:  Submission deadline for the final version of the Proceeding Paper ( hard deadline)  
   July19, 2021:  Registration ends ( hard deadline  )  
  September 13-16, 2021: ICCSA 2021 Conference   

 Quick Links  
 Instructions for Authors   
 Pre-filled Copyright Form   
 Registration Info   
 ORCID   
 Publishing Open Access in LNCS   
 Important Dates   

 Related Links  
 Tips   
 Are you chairing a session?   
 Welcome   
 Map of Cagliari   
 Presentation template   
 Venue   
 VISA   
 Hotel Information   

 Special Issues  
    
 Special Issue "Geographical Analysis, Urban Modelling, Spatial Statistics, Econometric and Multidimensional Evaluation in Urban Environment"   

 Special Issue reserved to ICCSA 2020 authors (by invitation of the Chairs)    
    
 Special Issue on "Virtual Reality and Scientific Visualization"   

 Special issue on Fractal AI-Based Analyses and Applications to Complex Systems    

 Special Issue on Active Travel and Mobility Management     

 Special Issue: Social and Health Implications of Active Travel Policies    

 Special Issue:  "Geo-Information Technology for Air Quality Management. New Trends and Scientific Challenges"   

 Previous ICCSA Editions  
  
 ICCSA 2020, Cagliari, Italy   
 ICCSA 2019, Saint Petersburg, Russia   
 ICCSA 2018, Melbourne, Australia   
 ICCSA 2017, Trieste, Italy   
 ICCSA 2016, Beijing, China   
 ICCSA 2015, Banff, Canada   
 ICCSA 2014, Guimaraes, Portugal   
 ICCSA 2013, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam   

 «  November 2021 »   
  
 Su | Mo | Tu | We | Th | Fr | Sa 
 31 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 
 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 
 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 
 21 | 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 
 28 | 29 | 30 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 

 News   
 Participation and presentation certificates | Oct 11, 2021 
  Follow us on the two ICCSA Youtube Channel for live streaming | Sep 13, 2021 
  Instructions for session chairs | Sep 12, 2021 
  Welcome to ICCSA 2021 | Sep 11, 2021 
  The ICCSA 2021 Map of Cagliari | Sep 11, 2021 
    
 More news…   

 The Plone ®  Open Source CMS/WCM  is ©  2000-2021 by the Plone Foundation  and friends. Distributed under the GNU GPL license  .   
   
 Powered by Plone & Python    
   
 Accessibility 
  privacy policy 
  Contact

9. Conference ICCSA_3:
vai al contenuto della pagina  vai al menu di navigazione    
 Search | Vai      Close 
  Directories | People   Structures     Vai      Close 
  Online services | AlmaEsami 
  AlmaRM 
  Certificates 
  Document and library services 
  Esami online - EOL 
  Internships 
  Job vacancy noticeboard 
  Language courses 
  Studenti Online 
  Study plans 
  Teaching Staff-Student Distribution lists 
  Tesi online 
  UniboStore 
  Virtual Helpdesks 
  Virtuale 
  AlmaEsami 
  AlmaRegistri 
  AlmaRM 
  Cedolini web 
  Concilium 
  Document and library services 
  Esami online - EOL 
  Incarichi extraistituzionali 
  Internships 
  IRIS - Institutional research archive 
  NormAteneo 
  OrganiWeb 
  Personal Website 
  Presenze web 
  Teaching Staff-Student Distribution lists 
  Tesi online 
  Titulus 
  UniboImmagine 
  U-Web Reporting - Projects Accounting Reporting 
  Virtual Helpdesks 
  Virtuale 
  See all 
   Close 
  Private area | University Intranet 
  Studenti Online 
  Chiudi 
  My e-mail | Log in 
  Guidance and information 
  Close 
   
 Go to the University of Bologna homepage    
 Department of  Architecture     

 it 
  en 
    
   Menu  Home 
  Department | Presentation 
  People 
  Sites and spaces 
  Organisation 
  Technical and administrative services 
  Quality of research and teaching 
  Award and recognitions 
  International dimension 
  Agreements and collaborations 
  Contacts 
  Research | Research areas 
  Research groups 
  Research projects 
  Research laboratories 
  Research Centres 
  Platforms and networks 
  Publications and patents 
  Teaching | First and Second cycle degree programmes 
  Professional master programmes 
  PHD programmes 
  Post-graduate vocational training programmes 
  International mobility programme 
  University outreach | Enhancement of research 
  Public heritage 
  Library | University libraries 
  Library events 
  News 
  Events 

 You are here:  Home 
  Events 
  CALL FOR PAPERS: 25th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCE AND ITS APPLICATIONS (ICCSA 2025) 

  Share   Facebook 
  Linkedin 
  Twitter 
  Invite a friend 
    
  Add to calendar     

 CALL FOR PAPERS: 25th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCE AND ITS APPLICATIONS (ICCSA 2025)  
 Workshop “Building Multi-dimensional Models for Assessing Complex Environmental Systems – MES2025”, International Conference ICCSA 2025  

 Date:  from 30 June 2025 to 03 July 2025 
  Event location:  Galatasaray Üniversitesi, Istanbul, Türkiye - In presence and online event 
  Access Details:  Free admission until availability lasts 

 We’re thrilled to announce the upcoming workshop, “Building Multi-dimensional Models for Assessing Complex Environmental Systems – MES2025,” to be held at the 25th International Conference on Computational Science and its Applications (ICCSA 2025)!  
 This workshop will explore multidisciplinary assessment approaches focused on the interconnection between human and natural systems in complex projects, plans, and programs. Join us for a unique opportunity to share innovative research and ideas with international experts!  
   
  Accepted papers will be published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series and indexed by Scopus.  
 For more information and paper submission, visit: www.iccsa.org   
   
  Key Dates:  
  Submission Opens: November 8, 2024  
  Abstract and Paper Submission Deadline: March 7, 2025  
  Acceptance Notification: April 20, 2025  
  Final Submission and Registration Deadline: May 8, 2025  
   
  We warmly invite scholars and professionals to submit their contributions and encourage colleagues who may be interested to join us! 🙌  
   
  Best regards from the organizing team:  
   Vanessa Assumma  ,  Caterina Caprioli  ,  Giulia Datola  ,  Federico Dell'Anna  ,  Marta Dell'Ovo  ,  Marco Rossitti   

 For further information  
 For paper submission 
  Phd website 

 Follow the department on:  
 Follow the department on Facebook 
  Follow the department on Youtube 
    
 Follow Unibo on:  
 Follow Unibo on Instagram 
  Follow Unibo on TikTok 
  Follow Unibo on Youtube 
  Follow Unibo on Telegram 
  Follow Unibo on Linkedin 
  Follow Unibo on Facebook 
  Follow Unibo on Twitter 
  Follow Unibo on Spreaker 
  App:  
 app myUniBo 
  app myAlmaOrienta 
  app Job Placement Unibo 
  app Alumni 

 ©Copyright 2024 - ALMA MATER STUDIORUM - Università di Bologna - Via Zamboni, 33 - 40126 Bologna - PI: 01131710376 - CF: 80007010376  
 Privacy  Legal notes  About the website and accessibility information  Cookie Settings   

  Torna su    
Call for papers data: 
  
 vai al contenuto della pagina  vai al menu di navigazione    
 Search | Vai      Close 
  Directories | People   Structures     Vai      Close 
  Online services | AlmaEsami 
  AlmaRM 
  Certificates 
  Document and library services 
  Esami online - EOL 
  Internships 
  Job vacancy noticeboard 
  Language courses 
  Studenti Online 
  Study plans 
  Teaching Staff-Student Distribution lists 
  Tesi online 
  UniboStore 
  Virtual Helpdesks 
  Virtuale 
  AlmaEsami 
  AlmaRegistri 
  AlmaRM 
  Cedolini web 
  Concilium 
  Document and library services 
  Esami online - EOL 
  Incarichi extraistituzionali 
  Internships 
  IRIS - Institutional research archive 
  NormAteneo 
  OrganiWeb 
  Personal Website 
  Presenze web 
  Teaching Staff-Student Distribution lists 
  Tesi online 
  Titulus 
  UniboImmagine 
  U-Web Reporting - Projects Accounting Reporting 
  Virtual Helpdesks 
  Virtuale 
  See all 
   Close 
  Private area | University Intranet 
  Studenti Online 
  Chiudi 
  My e-mail | Log in 
  Guidance and information 
  Close 
   
 Go to the University of Bologna homepage    
 Department of  Architecture     

 it 
  en 
    
   Menu  Home 
  Department | Presentation 
  People 
  Sites and spaces 
  Organisation 
  Technical and administrative services 
  Quality of research and teaching 
  Award and recognitions 
  International dimension 
  Agreements and collaborations 
  Contacts 
  Research | Research areas 
  Research groups 
  Research projects 
  Research laboratories 
  Research Centres 
  Platforms and networks 
  Publications and patents 
  Teaching | First and Second cycle degree programmes 
  Professional master programmes 
  PHD programmes 
  Post-graduate vocational training programmes 
  International mobility programme 
  University outreach | Enhancement of research 
  Public heritage 
  Library | University libraries 
  Library events 
  News 
  Events 

 You are here:  Home 
  Events 
  CALL FOR PAPERS: 25th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCE AND ITS APPLICATIONS (ICCSA 2025) 

  Share   Facebook 
  Linkedin 
  Twitter 
  Invite a friend 
    
  Add to calendar     

 CALL FOR PAPERS: 25th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCE AND ITS APPLICATIONS (ICCSA 2025)  
 Workshop “Building Multi-dimensional Models for Assessing Complex Environmental Systems – MES2025”, International Conference ICCSA 2025  

 Date:  from 30 June 2025 to 03 July 2025 
  Event location:  Galatasaray Üniversitesi, Istanbul, Türkiye - In presence and online event 
  Access Details:  Free admission until availability lasts 

 We’re thrilled to announce the upcoming workshop, “Building Multi-dimensional Models for Assessing Complex Environmental Systems – MES2025,” to be held at the 25th International Conference on Computational Science and its Applications (ICCSA 2025)!  
 This workshop will explore multidisciplinary assessment approaches focused on the interconnection between human and natural systems in complex projects, plans, and programs. Join us for a unique opportunity to share innovative research and ideas with international experts!  
   
  Accepted papers will be published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series and indexed by Scopus.  
 For more information and paper submission, visit: www.iccsa.org   
   
  Key Dates:  
  Submission Opens: November 8, 2024  
  Abstract and Paper Submission Deadline: March 7, 2025  
  Acceptance Notification: April 20, 2025  
  Final Submission and Registration Deadline: May 8, 2025  
   
  We warmly invite scholars and professionals to submit their contributions and encourage colleagues who may be interested to join us! 🙌  
   
  Best regards from the organizing team:  
   Vanessa Assumma  ,  Caterina Caprioli  ,  Giulia Datola  ,  Federico Dell'Anna  ,  Marta Dell'Ovo  ,  Marco Rossitti   

 For further information  
 For paper submission 
  Phd website 

 Follow the department on:  
 Follow the department on Facebook 
  Follow the department on Youtube 
    
 Follow Unibo on:  
 Follow Unibo on Instagram 
  Follow Unibo on TikTok 
  Follow Unibo on Youtube 
  Follow Unibo on Telegram 
  Follow Unibo on Linkedin 
  Follow Unibo on Facebook 
  Follow Unibo on Twitter 
  Follow Unibo on Spreaker 
  App:  
 app myUniBo 
  app myAlmaOrienta 
  app Job Placement Unibo 
  app Alumni 

 ©Copyright 2024 - ALMA MATER STUDIORUM - Università di Bologna - Via Zamboni, 33 - 40126 Bologna - PI: 01131710376 - CF: 80007010376  
 Privacy  Legal notes  About the website and accessibility information  Cookie Settings   

  Torna su    Important dates data: 
undefined

10. Conference ICCV_0:
Socialist Republic of Vietnam    Choose your Country/Region  

 Asia   
   
  China    
  India    
  Japan    
  South Korea    
   
  Malaysia    
  Taiwan, China    
  United Arab Emirates    
  Indonesia    
   
  Hong Kong, China    
  Singapore    
  Thailand    
  Turkey    

 America   
   
  United States    
  Canada    
  Brazil    
  Argentina    
   
  Mexico    
  Colombia    
  Chile    
  Peru    
   
  Guatemala    

 Europe   
   
  Italy    
  United Kingdom    
  France    
  Germany    
   
  Spain    
  Portugal    
  Austria    
  Poland    
   
  Greece    
  Russian Federation    
  Czech Republic    
  Switzerland    
   
  Netherlands    
  Sweden    
  Romania    
  Hungary    
   
  Belgium    
  Ukraine    
  Ireland    
  Croatia    
   
  Finland    
  Denmark    
  Cyprus    
  Serbia    
   
  Slovakia    
  Norway    
  Bulgaria    
  Iceland    

 Oceania   
   
  Australia    
  New Zealand    
  Fiji    

 Africa   
   
  South Africa    
  Tunisia    
  Morocco    
  Egypt    

 Product | Software 
  Webinar 
  Video conference 
  Virtual conference 
  Institution Edition 
  Discover | Subject category 
  Conference in Socialist Republic of Vietnam 
  Contribution library 
  Browse by venue 
  Services 
         
 Create an event  Lecture    
   
 Meeting/Workshop/Tutorials    
   
 Conference    

 Log in  Sign up    

 2025 IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV)  
   
 Oct. 26 - Nov 01, 2025  
 Xian · China  
   
 Conference  Offline Conference    
  0  Views   
  0  Comments   
 Favorite    
  Share    

 Introduction  
   
 The International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV) is a research conference sponsored by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) held every other year. It is considered to be one of the top conferences in computer vision, alongside CVPR and ECCV, and it is held on years in which ECCV is not. The conference is usually spread over four to five days. Typically, experts in the focus areas give tutorial talks on the first day, then the technical sessions (and poster sessions in parallel) follow. Recent conferences have also had an increasing number of focused workshops and a commercial exhibition.  
  Sponsor Type:1; 9  

 Submit Comment  

 Verify Code     Change Another   Submit    

 All Comments  

 Submission Template  
 ×    
  Paper Template  
  Paper Template  

 Home 
  Program 
  Timetable 
  Photo 
  Management 
    
 Important Date  
   
 Conference Date | Oct 26  
 2025  
  to  Nov 01  
 2025 
  Nov 01  2025 | Registration deadline 

 Sponsored By  
   
 Computer Vision Foundation - CVF  
  IEEE Computer Society   
   
 Contact Information  
   
 ie******@ieee.org 
  Login to view full contact details    

 Website  
   
 https://conferences.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/conferencedetails/51701    

 Previous Conferences  
   
 2021-10-10 Canada Montreal | 2021 IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision 
  2019-10-20 South Korea | 2019 IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision 
  2017-10-22 Italy Venice,Italy | International Conference on Computer Vision 
  2015-12-13 Chile | IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision 
  2013-12-03 Australia | 2013 IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision 
  2013-07-16 Russian Federation | The 9th International Conference on Computer Vision Systems 
  2009-09-29 Japan | The Twelfth IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision 

 Contact Information  
 ×    

 OK    

 Tips  
 ×    
 Coming soon to a third-party domain  
 You are about to access a third-party domain, please be aware of the security of your account and property.   
 https://https://conferences.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/conferencedetails/51701   

 Continue to visit    

 About Us  |  News  |  Blog  |  Feedback  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Service  |  Cancellation Policy  |  Contact   
 Copyright © 2013-2021 Aconf.org  - One-stop solutions for academic events   
 鄂ICP备09016152号-4   

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

11. Conference ICCP_3:
ICCP 2024        
 Home  General Information  Call for papers  Important Dates  Technical Program  Keynote Speakers  Special Sessions  Workshops    
   
 Author Area  Submission  Paper Template  Camera Ready  Registration  Location and venue    
   
 Committees  Organizing Commitee  Program Commitee    
   
 Previous Conferences    

 ICCP 2024 Paper Template  

 The authors have to use suitable IEEE paper templates  in LaTeX or  
 Download Microsoft Word  paper template. 
  Download LaTeX  paper template. 
  Download LaTeX Bibliography  template. 
  When working in Overleaf, the template is available at https://www.overleaf.com/gallery/tagged/ieee-official 

  ICCP 2024  
 Home 
  Author Area | Submission 
  Paper Template 
  Camera Ready 
  Registration 
  Location and venue 

  
Call for papers data: 
ICCP 2024        
 Home  General Information  Call for papers  Important Dates  Technical Program  Keynote Speakers  Special Sessions  Workshops    
   
 Author Area  Submission  Paper Template  Camera Ready  Registration  Location and venue    
   
 Committees  Organizing Commitee  Program Commitee    
   
 Previous Conferences    

 ICCP 2024 Call for Papers  

 The goal of the 2024 IEEE 20th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing is to bring together researchers, engineers and practitioners working towards improving the power of both communication and processing software using the most advanced intelligent methods available today.  
 The growing toolkit of AI - computer vision, natural conversation, and machines that learn over time—has the potential to enhance almost the entire economic and social life. The driving forces of this development are the increased volumes of data, the continuously growing of communication, processing, storage capabilities and the new machine learning techniques especially deep learning and reinforcement learning algorithms.  
 The fast development of artificial intelligence and its applications implies more advanced but also more secure artifacts, which require the intelligent computer communication and processing technologies to improve at a high pace.  
 Download call for papers  .  
 Technical tracks include, but are not limited to:  
 Intelligent Systems:  Agent and Multi-agent based Systems; Knowledge Representation; Reasoning and Engineering; Ontology Modeling and Mediation; Natural Language Processing and Understanding; Web and Knowledge-based Information Systems; Multidisciplinary Topics and Applications.  
   
  Deep Learning:  CNN; GNN, Transformers; Theoretical contributions to Supervised Learning, Semi-supervised Learning, Self-supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Reinforcement Learning; Neuro-symbolic Processing; Continual Learning; Synthetic Data based Learning; Domain Adaptation; Explainable AI.  
   
  Deep Learning Based Computer Vision:  Image Processing; Image Enhancement; Feature extraction; Semantic, Instance and Panoptic Segmentation; Optical Flow; Stereovision and 3D Reconstruction; Monocular Depth Estimation; Motion; 2D and 3D Object Detection, 3D Point Cloud Processing, Tracking and Recognition; Multi-sensor and temporal fusion; Environment Representation; Risk Assessment.  
 Perception Applications:  Video-based Question Answering, Driving Assistance Applications; Autonomous Vehicles; Autonomous Drones; Robotic Applications; Biomedical Image Analysis.  
   
  Intelligent Distributed Computing and Networking:  Cloud Computing, Context Aware; Autonomic Computing; Resource Coordination and Management; Quality of Service; Queuing Network Models; Pervasive Computing; Grid Computing; Fault Tolerance; Cooperative Applications.  
 Special Sessions  
 Natural Language Understanding:  organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca in cooperation with National University of Science and Technology "Politehnica" Bucharest, RO.  
   
  Autonomated Driving 1&2  organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca, RO.  

 Workshops  
 Semantic and Geometric Perception and Understanding   
 organized by Technical University Cluj-Napoca in cooperation with Robert Bosch in the framework of “DeepPerception - Deep Learning Based 3D Perception for Autonomous Driving” grant funded by Romanian Ministry of Education and Research, code PN-III-P4-PCE-2021-1134.  

  ICCP 2024  
 Home 
  General Information | Call for papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 

  Important dates data: 
ICCP 2024        
 Home  General Information  Call for papers  Important Dates  Technical Program  Keynote Speakers  Special Sessions  Workshops    
   
 Author Area  Submission  Paper Template  Camera Ready  Registration  Location and venue    
   
 Committees  Organizing Commitee  Program Commitee    
   
 Previous Conferences    

 ICCP 2024 Important Dates  

 Submission of papers: July 1  , July 30  , August 12, 2024 (hard deadline)    
 Industrial track proposals: July 1, 2024  
 Notification of acceptance: September 11, 2024  
 Accepted Camera-ready papers due: September 23, 2024  
 Author registration due: September 23, 2024  
 ICCP 2024 Conference: October 17-19, 2024  

  ICCP 2024  
 Home 
  General Information | Call for papers 
  Important Dates 
  Technical Program 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops

12. Conference ICCVG_0:
Home 
  Authors | Call for papers 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Speakers 
  Committees 
  Information | Visa Information 
  Congress Venue 
  About Chengdu 
  History | ICCGV2024 
  ICCGV2023 
  ICCGV2022 
  ICCGV2021 
  ICCGV2020 
  ICCGV2019 
  ICCGV2018 
  中文 
  Contact us 

 Computer Graphics and Virtuality (CGV) 2024  

 December 20, 2024 | Paper Submission Deadline 截稿日期：2024年12月20日 
  January 15, 2025 | Paper Acceptance Notification 录用通知: 2025年01月15日 
  January 20, 2025 | Camera Ready Paper Submission 提交终稿: 2025年01月20日 
  January 20, 2025 | Registration Deadline 注册截止: 2025年01月20日 

 Welcome to ICCGV 2025  
 Following the success of previous seven years' event in Tokyo(2018), Jeju Island(2019), online conferences from 2020-2022, Chengdu(2023), Hangzhou(2024) respectively, the Eighth International Conference on Computer Graphics and Virtuality(ICCGV 2025) will take place in Chengdu, China ,   during February 21-23, 2025  . Conference consists of keynote lectures, oral presentation, poster presentation, online presentation on all aspects of computer graphics and virtuality. All professors, researchers and university students in related fields are cordially invited to participate in the conference. You're welcome to contribute a paper to ICCGV 2025. It's advised that you read the Submission Guidelines  before submission.    
 继前七届会议分别在日本东京(2018)、韩国济州岛(2019)举办、以及由于疫情期间在线上开会(2020-2022), 2023年开始重新开启线下线上模式, 分别在成都(2023)、杭州(2024), 第八届计算机图形和虚拟国际会议(ICCGV2025)计划于2025年2月21-23日在四川成都举行。 会议诚挚邀请国内外学者提交计算机图形和虚拟等领域的论文, 请大家认真阅读 投稿须知  并踊跃投稿。    

 Publication  

 After a careful reviewing process, all accepted papers after proper registration and presentation will be published in the ICCGV 2025 Conference Proceedings by SPIE, which will be included in SPIE Digital Library and indexed by Ei Compendex, Scopus  , and CPCI (Web of Science).   
 Recent News  
  [ September 9, 2024  ] ICCGV2024 proceedings are indexed by EI Compendex  and Scopus  .  
    [ May 15, 2024  ] ICCGV2024 proceedings are published in Volume 13158 of SPIE proceedings  and now available in SPIE digital Library.  
   [ February 25, 2024  ] ICCGV2024 was held successfully at Hangzhou International Urbanplogy Research Center and in School of Information Science and Technology, Hangzhou Normal University, China.  
  Topics of Interests  
 Computer Graphics  
  Images processing and computer vision  
  Rendering including real-time rendering, illumination, photo-realistic graphics  
  Computational photography  
  Graphics hardware, GPU, and hardware-related techniques  
  Image-based computer graphics  
  Geometric modeling, CAD, Simulation, Computer animation  
  image processing  
  Geometric data processing, GIS, BigData modeling and processing  
  Segmentation, Object Retrieval  
  Information visualization  
  Computer graphics and visualization  
  Scientific visualization, massive and BigData visualization  
  Computer vision   
   
 Submission Method  
 Please log in the Online Submission System  and submit your full paper or abstract before the submission deadline.  
  ICCGV 2025 Leaflet(.pdf)   
  Paper Template (.tex)   
  Paper Template (.doc)   
  Abstract Template(.doc)   

  Previous Editions of ICCGV  
     
 ICCGV 2024  Hangzhou | February 23-25  

 ICCGV 2023  Chengdu | February 17-19  

 ICCGV 2022  Fully Virtual | February 25-27 2022  

 Co-sponsored by  

  Technically Supported by  

 © ICCGV2025 All rights reserved.  

  
Call for papers data: 
    

 Home 
  Authors | Call for papers 
  Submission Guidelines 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Speakers 
  Committees 
  Information | Visa Information 
  Congress Venue 
  About Chengdu 
  History | ICCGV2024 
  ICCGV2023 
  ICCGV2022 
  ICCGV2021 
  ICCGV2020 
  ICCGV2019 
  ICCGV2018 
  中文 
  Contact us 

 Call for Papers  

 Submissions of papers for oral and poster presentations covering all aspects of Computer Graphics and Virtuality are welcome from scientists, engineers, researchers and practitioners world-wide. We are striving to ensure the broadest possible coverage of recent advances. In order for the scientific committee to develop appropriate oral and poster sessions for the program, we strongly encourage you to submit your abstract or full paper online.  

 Computer Graphics  
  Images processing and computer vision  
  Rendering including real-time rendering,illumination, photo-realistic graphics  
  Computational photography  
  Graphics hardware, GPU, and hardware-related techniques  
  Image-based computer graphics  
  Geometric modeling, CAD, Simulation, Computer animation  
  image processing  
  Geometric data processing, GIS, BigData modeling and processing  
  Segmentation, Object Retrieval  
  Information visualization  
  Computer graphics and visualization  
  Scientific visualization, massive and bigData visualization  
  Computer vision  
  Virtual reality environments / augmented reality / mixed reality  
  Image scanning, display and printing  
  Volume graphics, semi-transparent media  
  Machine learning, computer graphics, biological vision  
  User interface design, and human-computer interaction, and advanced interaction  
  Storage and retrieval  
 Tracking and sensing  
  Input devices for VR/AR/MR  
  Advanced display technology  
  Immersive projection technology  
  Haptics, audio, and other non-visual interfaces  
  Modeling and simulation  
  Computer graphics techniques for VR/AR/MR  
  Virtual humans and avatars  
  Multi-user and distributed VR/AR/MR  
  VR systems and toolkits  
  Locomotion and navigation in virtual environments  
  User studies and evaluation  
  Perception, presence, virtual embodiment, and cognition  
  Teleoperation and telepresence  
  Applications of VR/AR/MR  
  Ethical issues in VR/AR/MR  
  Interactive storytelling in 360° videos  
  3D interaction for VR/AR/MR  
  3DUI metaphors for VR/AR/MR  
  Mobile, Desktop or Hybrid 3DUIs  
  Non-fatiguing 3DUIs  
  Evaluation methods for 3DUIs  
  Empirical studies of 3DUIs  
  Applications of 3DUIs: Games, entertainment, CAD, education, etc.  

 © ICCGV2025 All rights reserved.  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

13. Conference ICCV_1:
Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   CVPR | Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Reset / Forgot Password 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact CVPR 
  HELP/FAQ 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2025) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Musical Performance 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for AI Art 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Participation: Doctoral Consortium 
  Author & Reviewer Guides | Changes for 2025 
  How to complete your OpenReview profile 
  Clarification 
  Authors 
  Author Guidelines 
  Author Suggested Practices 
  Author Ethics Guidelines 
  YouTube and Poster Art Uploads 
  Reviewers 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Poster Printing 
  Attend | 2025 In-person FAQ 
  Register 
  Invitation Letter 
  Book Your Hotel 
  Code of Conduct 
  Keynotes & Panels 
  Diversity Equity and Inclusion 
  Accessibility & Inclusion 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Expo | Sponsors 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Expo Schedule 
  Sponsor, Exhibitor List & Floor-plan 
  Promotional Opportunities 
  2025 Exhibitor Manual 
  Exhibitor/Sponsor PR Professionals 
  Media | Media Center 
  Get Media Pass 
  News and Resources 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

  The IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition 2025   
 Wed June 11th - Sun June 15th, 2025  
  at the Music City Center, Nashville TN  

 firstback   
   
 The IEEE / CVF Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Conference (CVPR)  is the premier annual computer vision event comprising the main conference and several co-located workshops and short courses. With its high quality and low cost, it provides an exceptional value for students, academics and industry researchers.  

 Announcements  
 Nov 7: Latest CVPR 2025 Clarification and Q&A: | Here 
  Oct 22: | The | Call For Tutorial Proposals | has been posted. 
  Call for Papers has been posted! | See details | here | . 
  Call for Workshop Proposals has been posted! | See details | here | . 
  Sep 12: | Changes for CVPR 2025 

 Important Dates  
  
 Reviews Released | Jan 23 '25 01:59 AM CST  * |  
 Rebuttal Period Ends | Jan 30 '25 01:59 AM CST  * |  
 Final Decisions | Feb 26 '25 01:59 AM CST  * |  
 All dates | Timezone: |  

 Russian Invasion of Ukraine  
 CVPR condemns in the strongest possible terms the actions of the Russian Federation government in invading the sovereign state of Ukraine and engaging in war against the Ukrainian people. We express our solidarity and support for the people of Ukraine and for all those who have been adversely affected by this war.  

 Successful Page Load   

 The CVPR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
  
 IEEE Computer Society 
 The Computer Vision Foundation 

 CVF Proceedings   

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   CVPR | Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Reset / Forgot Password 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact CVPR 
  HELP/FAQ 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2025) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Musical Performance 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for AI Art 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Participation: Doctoral Consortium 
  Author & Reviewer Guides | Changes for 2025 
  How to complete your OpenReview profile 
  Clarification 
  Authors 
  Author Guidelines 
  Author Suggested Practices 
  Author Ethics Guidelines 
  YouTube and Poster Art Uploads 
  Reviewers 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Poster Printing 
  Attend | 2025 In-person FAQ 
  Register 
  Invitation Letter 
  Book Your Hotel 
  Code of Conduct 
  Keynotes & Panels 
  Diversity Equity and Inclusion 
  Accessibility & Inclusion 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Expo | Sponsors 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Expo Schedule 
  Sponsor, Exhibitor List & Floor-plan 
  Promotional Opportunities 
  2025 Exhibitor Manual 
  Exhibitor/Sponsor PR Professionals 
  Media | Media Center 
  Get Media Pass 
  News and Resources 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

  Page not found  
 Sorry, but the requested page could not be found.  

 Successful Page Load   

 The CVPR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
  
 IEEE Computer Society 
 The Computer Vision Foundation 

 CVF Proceedings   

  Important dates data: 
Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   CVPR | Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Reset / Forgot Password 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact CVPR 
  HELP/FAQ 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2025) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Musical Performance 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for AI Art 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Participation: Doctoral Consortium 
  Author & Reviewer Guides | Changes for 2025 
  How to complete your OpenReview profile 
  Clarification 
  Authors 
  Author Guidelines 
  Author Suggested Practices 
  Author Ethics Guidelines 
  YouTube and Poster Art Uploads 
  Reviewers 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Poster Printing 
  Attend | 2025 In-person FAQ 
  Register 
  Invitation Letter 
  Book Your Hotel 
  Code of Conduct 
  Keynotes & Panels 
  Diversity Equity and Inclusion 
  Accessibility & Inclusion 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Expo | Sponsors 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Expo Schedule 
  Sponsor, Exhibitor List & Floor-plan 
  Promotional Opportunities 
  2025 Exhibitor Manual 
  Exhibitor/Sponsor PR Professionals 
  Media | Media Center 
  Get Media Pass 
  News and Resources 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

  Page not found  
 Sorry, but the requested page could not be found.  

 Successful Page Load   

 The CVPR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
  
 IEEE Computer Society 
 The Computer Vision Foundation 

 CVF Proceedings

14. Conference ICDAR_0:
Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Welcome to ICDAR2025!   
 The Organising Committee of the  International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition  with pleasure welcomes you to Wuhan, China for the 19th edition of ICDAR 2025 which will take place from 17 September – 21 September 2025.   
 Cheng-Lin Liu  (China)   
 Simone Marinai  (Italy)   
 Umapada Pal  (India)   
 Xiang Bai  (China)   

 Important Dates   
 Nov 15, 2024:  Journal track paper submission deadline   
   Jan 10, 2025:  Initial journal track decision announced   
   Feb 7, 2025:  Conference Title & Abstract submission deadline   
   Feb 21, 2025:  Conference full paper upload and editing closed   
   Mar 14, 2025:  Journal track paper revise submission deadline   
   Apr 11, 2025:  Conference reviews due   
   Apr 18, 2025:  Conference rebuttal due   
   Apr 25, 2025:  Conference paper acceptance notation   
   May 16, 2025:  Camera-Ready and final notation   

 Paper Submission instructions  can be found as follows:   
 Call for Papers     
 Call for Journal Track     
 Call for Competitions     
 Call for Workshop     
 Call for Sponsorships     

 Sep. 17-21, 2025 Save the date!    
 Information will be published shortly    

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  
Call for papers data: 
  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 The 19th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Call for Papers   

 Important Dates   
 Feb 7, 2025:  Conference Title & Abstract submission deadline   
   Feb 21, 2025:  Conference full paper upload and editing closed   
   Apr 25, 2025:  Conference paper acceptance notation   
   May 16, 2025:  Camera-Ready and final notation   
 Organizing Committee   
 General Chairs        Cheng-Lin Liu (China)                  Simone Marinai (Italy)                    Umapada Pal (India)                    Xiang Bai (China)         PC Chairs          Xu-Cheng Yin (China)                    Dimothenis Karatzas (Spain)                Daniel Lopresti (USA)     Tutorial Chairs        Jun Sun (China)                      Apostolos Antonacopoulos (UK)   Workshop Chairs        Lianwen Jin (China)                    Richard Zanibbi (USA)                  Veronique Eglin (France)     Competition Chairs      Zhouhui Lian (China)                    Michael Coustaty (France)                  Ron Litman (Amazon, USA)      Publicity Chairs        Jean-Marc Ogier (France)                  David Doermann (USA)   Publication Chairs      Anna Zhu (China)                    Xu-Yao Zhang (China)        Finance Chair        Yingying Zhu (China)    
   Local Arrangement      Yongchao Xu (China)        Chairs            Lai Tu (China)                          Jianjie Wu(China)    

 ICDAR  is the premier event for scientists and practitioners involved with document analysis and recognition, a field of growing importance in our current age of digital transition. The 19th edition of this flagship conference will beheld in Wuhan, September 17-21, 2025.    

 Paper Submission:   
 There is both a standard conference paper track and a journal track at ICDAR 2025; details regarding the journal track maybe found in a separate  Call for Journal Track   .   
 Reviewing for conference papers will be double blind. Authors should not include their names, affiliations, or acknowledgements in submitted manuscripts, and should ensure that their identity is not revealed indirectly by citing their earlier work in the third person.   
 Papers should be formatted according to the  instructions and style files   provided by Springer. The LaTeX template for LNCS can be downloaded  here   . It is also available on  Overleaf   .   
 Papers maybe up to 15 pages long (including references) in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format. Detailed submission instructions for authors can be found on the conference website   (https://www.icdar2025.com/home)   .    

 Topics of Interest:   
 Document image processing        Structured document generation   
   Physical and logical layout analysis      Multimedia document analysis    
   Text and symbol recognition        Mobile text recognition    
   Handwriting recognition          Pen-based document analysis    
   Document analysis systems        Scene text detection and recognition    
   Document classification          Recognition of tables and formulas    
   Indexing and retrieval of documents      Historical document analysis    
   Document synthesis            Signature verification    
   Extracting document semantics        Document summarization and translation    
   NLP for document understanding      Document forensics and provenance    
   Office automation              Medical document analysis    
   Graphics recognition            Document analysis for social good    
   Human document interaction        Document analysis for literature search    
   Document Representation Modeling      Gold-standard benchmarks and datasets    
   Document VQA              Foundation models (Large Multimodal    
   Private and secure             Models)    for document understanding    document understanding   
 Publication: Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science   
 The conference proceedings will be published as part of the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Accepted papers will be freely available through SpringerLink from the conference website for one year after publication, and will later be freely available through SpringerLink four years after publication.   
    
   Contact:    
 Xu-Cheng Yin <xuchengyin@ustb.edu.cn>   
 Dimosthenis Karatzas <dimos@cvc.uab.es>   
 Daniel Lopresti <lopresti@cse.lehigh.edu>   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  Important dates data: 
  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Important Dates   
  
  Main Conference   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        Nov 15, 2024   
   Initial journal track decision announced:        Jan 10, 2025   
   Conference  t  itle &  a  bstract submission deadline:      Feb 7, 2025   
   Conference full paper upload and editing closed:      Feb 21, 2025   
   Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      Mar 14, 2025   
   Conference reviews due:              Apr 11, 2025   
   Conference rebuttal due:              Apr 18, 2025   
   Conference paper acceptance notation:          Apr 25, 2025   
   Camera-Ready and final notation:            May 16, 2025   
  
  Journal Track   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        15 Nov  .  2024   
 Initial Journal track decision announced:        10 Jan  .  2025   
 Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      14 March 2025   
 Final decision notification  :              23 May 2025   
  
  Competitions   
 Competition proposal submission due:        Oct  .   30, 2024   
 Competition acceptance notification:          No  v. 10, 2024   
 Individual Competition Websites are Live  :      Dec. 10, 2024   
  
  Suggested deadline for competition participants:      April 20, 2025   
  
  Initial competition report submission due:        May 1, 2025   
  
  Camera-ready paper submission due:           May 16  , 2025   
  
  Communicate Winners to Chairs:            June 30, 2025   
  
  Presentation of results at  ICDAR c  onference:      Sep  .  17-21, 2025   
  
  Workshops   
 Workshop proposal due date:            Dec.  15, 2024   
 Acceptance notification:              Dec. 30, 2024   
 Tentative Dates of Workshops:            Sep. 20-21, 2025   
  
  Tutorials   
 To be announced.   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse

15. Conference ICDAR_1:
Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Important Dates   
  
  Main Conference   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        Nov 15, 2024   
   Initial journal track decision announced:        Jan 10, 2025   
   Conference  t  itle &  a  bstract submission deadline:      Feb 7, 2025   
   Conference full paper upload and editing closed:      Feb 21, 2025   
   Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      Mar 14, 2025   
   Conference reviews due:              Apr 11, 2025   
   Conference rebuttal due:              Apr 18, 2025   
   Conference paper acceptance notation:          Apr 25, 2025   
   Camera-Ready and final notation:            May 16, 2025   
  
  Journal Track   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        15 Nov  .  2024   
 Initial Journal track decision announced:        10 Jan  .  2025   
 Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      14 March 2025   
 Final decision notification  :              23 May 2025   
  
  Competitions   
 Competition proposal submission due:        Oct  .   30, 2024   
 Competition acceptance notification:          No  v. 10, 2024   
 Individual Competition Websites are Live  :      Dec. 10, 2024   
  
  Suggested deadline for competition participants:      April 20, 2025   
  
  Initial competition report submission due:        May 1, 2025   
  
  Camera-ready paper submission due:           May 16  , 2025   
  
  Communicate Winners to Chairs:            June 30, 2025   
  
  Presentation of results at  ICDAR c  onference:      Sep  .  17-21, 2025   
  
  Workshops   
 Workshop proposal due date:            Dec.  15, 2024   
 Acceptance notification:              Dec. 30, 2024   
 Tentative Dates of Workshops:            Sep. 20-21, 2025   
  
  Tutorials   
 To be announced.   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  
Call for papers data: 
  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 The 19th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Call for Papers   

 Important Dates   
 Feb 7, 2025:  Conference Title & Abstract submission deadline   
   Feb 21, 2025:  Conference full paper upload and editing closed   
   Apr 25, 2025:  Conference paper acceptance notation   
   May 16, 2025:  Camera-Ready and final notation   
 Organizing Committee   
 General Chairs        Cheng-Lin Liu (China)                  Simone Marinai (Italy)                    Umapada Pal (India)                    Xiang Bai (China)         PC Chairs          Xu-Cheng Yin (China)                    Dimothenis Karatzas (Spain)                Daniel Lopresti (USA)     Tutorial Chairs        Jun Sun (China)                      Apostolos Antonacopoulos (UK)   Workshop Chairs        Lianwen Jin (China)                    Richard Zanibbi (USA)                  Veronique Eglin (France)     Competition Chairs      Zhouhui Lian (China)                    Michael Coustaty (France)                  Ron Litman (Amazon, USA)      Publicity Chairs        Jean-Marc Ogier (France)                  David Doermann (USA)   Publication Chairs      Anna Zhu (China)                    Xu-Yao Zhang (China)        Finance Chair        Yingying Zhu (China)    
   Local Arrangement      Yongchao Xu (China)        Chairs            Lai Tu (China)                          Jianjie Wu(China)    

 ICDAR  is the premier event for scientists and practitioners involved with document analysis and recognition, a field of growing importance in our current age of digital transition. The 19th edition of this flagship conference will beheld in Wuhan, September 17-21, 2025.    

 Paper Submission:   
 There is both a standard conference paper track and a journal track at ICDAR 2025; details regarding the journal track maybe found in a separate  Call for Journal Track   .   
 Reviewing for conference papers will be double blind. Authors should not include their names, affiliations, or acknowledgements in submitted manuscripts, and should ensure that their identity is not revealed indirectly by citing their earlier work in the third person.   
 Papers should be formatted according to the  instructions and style files   provided by Springer. The LaTeX template for LNCS can be downloaded  here   . It is also available on  Overleaf   .   
 Papers maybe up to 15 pages long (including references) in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format. Detailed submission instructions for authors can be found on the conference website   (https://www.icdar2025.com/home)   .    

 Topics of Interest:   
 Document image processing        Structured document generation   
   Physical and logical layout analysis      Multimedia document analysis    
   Text and symbol recognition        Mobile text recognition    
   Handwriting recognition          Pen-based document analysis    
   Document analysis systems        Scene text detection and recognition    
   Document classification          Recognition of tables and formulas    
   Indexing and retrieval of documents      Historical document analysis    
   Document synthesis            Signature verification    
   Extracting document semantics        Document summarization and translation    
   NLP for document understanding      Document forensics and provenance    
   Office automation              Medical document analysis    
   Graphics recognition            Document analysis for social good    
   Human document interaction        Document analysis for literature search    
   Document Representation Modeling      Gold-standard benchmarks and datasets    
   Document VQA              Foundation models (Large Multimodal    
   Private and secure             Models)    for document understanding    document understanding   
 Publication: Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science   
 The conference proceedings will be published as part of the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Accepted papers will be freely available through SpringerLink from the conference website for one year after publication, and will later be freely available through SpringerLink four years after publication.   
    
   Contact:    
 Xu-Cheng Yin <xuchengyin@ustb.edu.cn>   
 Dimosthenis Karatzas <dimos@cvc.uab.es>   
 Daniel Lopresti <lopresti@cse.lehigh.edu>   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  Important dates data: 
  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Important Dates   
  
  Main Conference   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        Nov 15, 2024   
   Initial journal track decision announced:        Jan 10, 2025   
   Conference  t  itle &  a  bstract submission deadline:      Feb 7, 2025   
   Conference full paper upload and editing closed:      Feb 21, 2025   
   Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      Mar 14, 2025   
   Conference reviews due:              Apr 11, 2025   
   Conference rebuttal due:              Apr 18, 2025   
   Conference paper acceptance notation:          Apr 25, 2025   
   Camera-Ready and final notation:            May 16, 2025   
  
  Journal Track   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        15 Nov  .  2024   
 Initial Journal track decision announced:        10 Jan  .  2025   
 Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      14 March 2025   
 Final decision notification  :              23 May 2025   
  
  Competitions   
 Competition proposal submission due:        Oct  .   30, 2024   
 Competition acceptance notification:          No  v. 10, 2024   
 Individual Competition Websites are Live  :      Dec. 10, 2024   
  
  Suggested deadline for competition participants:      April 20, 2025   
  
  Initial competition report submission due:        May 1, 2025   
  
  Camera-ready paper submission due:           May 16  , 2025   
  
  Communicate Winners to Chairs:            June 30, 2025   
  
  Presentation of results at  ICDAR c  onference:      Sep  .  17-21, 2025   
  
  Workshops   
 Workshop proposal due date:            Dec.  15, 2024   
 Acceptance notification:              Dec. 30, 2024   
 Tentative Dates of Workshops:            Sep. 20-21, 2025   
  
  Tutorials   
 To be announced.   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse

16. Conference ICCV_2:
Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   CVPR | Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Reset / Forgot Password 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact CVPR 
  HELP/FAQ 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2025) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Musical Performance 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for AI Art 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Participation: Doctoral Consortium 
  Author & Reviewer Guides | Changes for 2025 
  How to complete your OpenReview profile 
  Clarification 
  Authors 
  Author Guidelines 
  Author Suggested Practices 
  Author Ethics Guidelines 
  YouTube and Poster Art Uploads 
  Reviewers 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Poster Printing 
  Attend | 2025 In-person FAQ 
  Register 
  Invitation Letter 
  Book Your Hotel 
  Code of Conduct 
  Keynotes & Panels 
  Diversity Equity and Inclusion 
  Accessibility & Inclusion 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Expo | Sponsors 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Expo Schedule 
  Sponsor, Exhibitor List & Floor-plan 
  Promotional Opportunities 
  2025 Exhibitor Manual 
  Exhibitor/Sponsor PR Professionals 
  Media | Media Center 
  Get Media Pass 
  News and Resources 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

  CVPR 2025 Meeting Dates  
 The Forty-Second annual conference is held Wed. Jun 11th through Mon the 16th, 2025 at the Music City Center.   
  
 Main Conference | June, 13,14,15 
 Workshops & Tutorials | June 11 th  and 12 th 

 Your timezone is:    
 Dates and Deadlines  

 AI Art Submissions 
 Deadline for art submissions | Mar 09 '25 (Anywhere on Earth) |  
 Art acceptance notification date | Apr 06 '25 (Anywhere on Earth) |  
 Paper Submissions 
 OpenReview Account Creation Deadline: | Nov 01 '24 06:59 AM UTC |  
 Paper Registration Deadline | Nov 08 '24 07:59 AM UTC |  
 Paper Submission Deadline | Nov 15 '24 07:59 AM UTC |  
 Supplementary Materials Deadline | Nov 22 '24 07:59 AM UTC |  
 Reviews Released | Jan 23 '25 01:59 AM CST |  
 Rebuttal Period Ends | Jan 30 '25 01:59 AM CST |  
 Final Decisions | Feb 26 '25 01:59 AM CST |  

 Successful Page Load   

 The CVPR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
  
 IEEE Computer Society 
 The Computer Vision Foundation 

 CVF Proceedings   

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   CVPR | Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Reset / Forgot Password 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact CVPR 
  HELP/FAQ 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2025) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Musical Performance 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for AI Art 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Participation: Doctoral Consortium 
  Author & Reviewer Guides | Changes for 2025 
  How to complete your OpenReview profile 
  Clarification 
  Authors 
  Author Guidelines 
  Author Suggested Practices 
  Author Ethics Guidelines 
  YouTube and Poster Art Uploads 
  Reviewers 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Poster Printing 
  Attend | 2025 In-person FAQ 
  Register 
  Invitation Letter 
  Book Your Hotel 
  Code of Conduct 
  Keynotes & Panels 
  Diversity Equity and Inclusion 
  Accessibility & Inclusion 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Expo | Sponsors 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Expo Schedule 
  Sponsor, Exhibitor List & Floor-plan 
  Promotional Opportunities 
  2025 Exhibitor Manual 
  Exhibitor/Sponsor PR Professionals 
  Media | Media Center 
  Get Media Pass 
  News and Resources 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

  Page not found  
 Sorry, but the requested page could not be found.  

 Successful Page Load   

 The CVPR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
  
 IEEE Computer Society 
 The Computer Vision Foundation 

 CVF Proceedings   

  Important dates data: 
Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   CVPR | Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Reset / Forgot Password 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact CVPR 
  HELP/FAQ 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2025) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Musical Performance 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for AI Art 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Participation: Doctoral Consortium 
  Author & Reviewer Guides | Changes for 2025 
  How to complete your OpenReview profile 
  Clarification 
  Authors 
  Author Guidelines 
  Author Suggested Practices 
  Author Ethics Guidelines 
  YouTube and Poster Art Uploads 
  Reviewers 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Poster Printing 
  Attend | 2025 In-person FAQ 
  Register 
  Invitation Letter 
  Book Your Hotel 
  Code of Conduct 
  Keynotes & Panels 
  Diversity Equity and Inclusion 
  Accessibility & Inclusion 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Expo | Sponsors 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Expo Schedule 
  Sponsor, Exhibitor List & Floor-plan 
  Promotional Opportunities 
  2025 Exhibitor Manual 
  Exhibitor/Sponsor PR Professionals 
  Media | Media Center 
  Get Media Pass 
  News and Resources 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

  Page not found  
 Sorry, but the requested page could not be found.  

 Successful Page Load   

 The CVPR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
  
 IEEE Computer Society 
 The Computer Vision Foundation 

 CVF Proceedings

17. Conference ICCVG_1:
Indico style 
  Indico style - inline minutes 
  Indico style - numbered 
  Indico style - numbered + minutes 
  Indico Weeks View 
      
 Choose timezone  
 Your profile timezone:     
 Use timezone based on:   Event/category   Custom   Select a custom timezone  Africa/Abidjan  Africa/Accra  Africa/Addis_Ababa  Africa/Algiers  Africa/Asmara  Africa/Bamako  Africa/Bangui  Africa/Banjul  Africa/Bissau  Africa/Blantyre  Africa/Brazzaville  Africa/Bujumbura  Africa/Cairo  Africa/Casablanca  Africa/Ceuta  Africa/Conakry  Africa/Dakar  Africa/Dar_es_Salaam  Africa/Djibouti  Africa/Douala  Africa/El_Aaiun  Africa/Freetown  Africa/Gaborone  Africa/Harare  Africa/Johannesburg  Africa/Juba  Africa/Kampala  Africa/Khartoum  Africa/Kigali  Africa/Kinshasa  Africa/Lagos  Africa/Libreville  Africa/Lome  Africa/Luanda  Africa/Lubumbashi  Africa/Lusaka  Africa/Malabo  Africa/Maputo  Africa/Maseru  Africa/Mbabane  Africa/Mogadishu  Africa/Monrovia  Africa/Nairobi  Africa/Ndjamena  Africa/Niamey  Africa/Nouakchott  Africa/Ouagadougou  Africa/Porto-Novo  Africa/Sao_Tome  Africa/Tripoli  Africa/Tunis  Africa/Windhoek  America/Adak  America/Anchorage  America/Anguilla  America/Antigua  America/Araguaina  America/Argentina/Buenos_Aires  America/Argentina/Catamarca  America/Argentina/Cordoba  America/Argentina/Jujuy  America/Argentina/La_Rioja  America/Argentina/Mendoza  America/Argentina/Rio_Gallegos  America/Argentina/Salta  America/Argentina/San_Juan  America/Argentina/San_Luis  America/Argentina/Tucuman  America/Argentina/Ushuaia  America/Aruba  America/Asuncion  America/Atikokan  America/Bahia  America/Bahia_Banderas  America/Barbados  America/Belem  America/Belize  America/Blanc-Sablon  America/Boa_Vista  America/Bogota  America/Boise  America/Cambridge_Bay  America/Campo_Grande  America/Cancun  America/Caracas  America/Cayenne  America/Cayman  America/Chicago  America/Chihuahua  America/Ciudad_Juarez  America/Costa_Rica  America/Creston  America/Cuiaba  America/Curacao  America/Danmarkshavn  America/Dawson  America/Dawson_Creek  America/Denver  America/Detroit  America/Dominica  America/Edmonton  America/Eirunepe  America/El_Salvador  America/Fort_Nelson  America/Fortaleza  America/Glace_Bay  America/Goose_Bay  America/Grand_Turk  America/Grenada  America/Guadeloupe  America/Guatemala  America/Guayaquil  America/Guyana  America/Halifax  America/Havana  America/Hermosillo  America/Indiana/Indianapolis  America/Indiana/Knox  America/Indiana/Marengo  America/Indiana/Petersburg  America/Indiana/Tell_City  America/Indiana/Vevay  America/Indiana/Vincennes  America/Indiana/Winamac  America/Inuvik  America/Iqaluit  America/Jamaica  America/Juneau  America/Kentucky/Louisville  America/Kentucky/Monticello  America/Kralendijk  America/La_Paz  America/Lima  America/Los_Angeles  America/Lower_Princes  America/Maceio  America/Managua  America/Manaus  America/Marigot  America/Martinique  America/Matamoros  America/Mazatlan  America/Menominee  America/Merida  America/Metlakatla  America/Mexico_City  America/Miquelon  America/Moncton  America/Monterrey  America/Montevideo  America/Montserrat  America/Nassau  America/New_York  America/Nome  America/Noronha  America/North_Dakota/Beulah  America/North_Dakota/Center  America/North_Dakota/New_Salem  America/Nuuk  America/Ojinaga  America/Panama  America/Paramaribo  America/Phoenix  America/Port-au-Prince  America/Port_of_Spain  America/Porto_Velho  America/Puerto_Rico  America/Punta_Arenas  America/Rankin_Inlet  America/Recife  America/Regina  America/Resolute  America/Rio_Branco  America/Santarem  America/Santiago  America/Santo_Domingo  America/Sao_Paulo  America/Scoresbysund  America/Sitka  America/St_Barthelemy  America/St_Johns  America/St_Kitts  America/St_Lucia  America/St_Thomas  America/St_Vincent  America/Swift_Current  America/Tegucigalpa  America/Thule  America/Tijuana  America/Toronto  America/Tortola  America/Vancouver  America/Whitehorse  America/Winnipeg  America/Yakutat  Antarctica/Casey  Antarctica/Davis  Antarctica/DumontDUrville  Antarctica/Macquarie  Antarctica/Mawson  Antarctica/McMurdo  Antarctica/Palmer  Antarctica/Rothera  Antarctica/Syowa  Antarctica/Troll  Antarctica/Vostok  Arctic/Longyearbyen  Asia/Aden  Asia/Almaty  Asia/Amman  Asia/Anadyr  Asia/Aqtau  Asia/Aqtobe  Asia/Ashgabat  Asia/Atyrau  Asia/Baghdad  Asia/Bahrain  Asia/Baku  Asia/Bangkok  Asia/Barnaul  Asia/Beirut  Asia/Bishkek  Asia/Brunei  Asia/Chita  Asia/Choibalsan  Asia/Colombo  Asia/Damascus  Asia/Dhaka  Asia/Dili  Asia/Dubai  Asia/Dushanbe  Asia/Famagusta  Asia/Gaza  Asia/Hebron  Asia/Ho_Chi_Minh  Asia/Hong_Kong  Asia/Hovd  Asia/Irkutsk  Asia/Jakarta  Asia/Jayapura  Asia/Jerusalem  Asia/Kabul  Asia/Kamchatka  Asia/Karachi  Asia/Kathmandu  Asia/Khandyga  Asia/Kolkata  Asia/Krasnoyarsk  Asia/Kuala_Lumpur  Asia/Kuching  Asia/Kuwait  Asia/Macau  Asia/Magadan  Asia/Makassar  Asia/Manila  Asia/Muscat  Asia/Nicosia  Asia/Novokuznetsk  Asia/Novosibirsk  Asia/Omsk  Asia/Oral  Asia/Phnom_Penh  Asia/Pontianak  Asia/Pyongyang  Asia/Qatar  Asia/Qostanay  Asia/Qyzylorda  Asia/Riyadh  Asia/Sakhalin  Asia/Samarkand  Asia/Seoul  Asia/Shanghai  Asia/Singapore  Asia/Srednekolymsk  Asia/Taipei  Asia/Tashkent  Asia/Tbilisi  Asia/Tehran  Asia/Thimphu  Asia/Tokyo  Asia/Tomsk  Asia/Ulaanbaatar  Asia/Urumqi  Asia/Ust-Nera  Asia/Vientiane  Asia/Vladivostok  Asia/Yakutsk  Asia/Yangon  Asia/Yekaterinburg  Asia/Yerevan  Atlantic/Azores  Atlantic/Bermuda  Atlantic/Canary  Atlantic/Cape_Verde  Atlantic/Faroe  Atlantic/Madeira  Atlantic/Reykjavik  Atlantic/South_Georgia  Atlantic/St_Helena  Atlantic/Stanley  Australia/Adelaide  Australia/Brisbane  Australia/Broken_Hill  Australia/Darwin  Australia/Eucla  Australia/Hobart  Australia/Lindeman  Australia/Lord_Howe  Australia/Melbourne  Australia/Perth  Australia/Sydney  Canada/Atlantic  Canada/Central  Canada/Eastern  Canada/Mountain  Canada/Newfoundland  Canada/Pacific  Europe/Amsterdam  Europe/Andorra  Europe/Astrakhan  Europe/Athens  Europe/Belgrade  Europe/Berlin  Europe/Bratislava  Europe/Brussels  Europe/Bucharest  Europe/Budapest  Europe/Busingen  Europe/Chisinau  Europe/Copenhagen  Europe/Dublin  Europe/Gibraltar  Europe/Guernsey  Europe/Helsinki  Europe/Isle_of_Man  Europe/Istanbul  Europe/Jersey  Europe/Kaliningrad  Europe/Kirov  Europe/Kyiv  Europe/Lisbon  Europe/Ljubljana  Europe/London  Europe/Luxembourg  Europe/Madrid  Europe/Malta  Europe/Mariehamn  Europe/Minsk  Europe/Monaco  Europe/Moscow  Europe/Oslo  Europe/Paris  Europe/Podgorica  Europe/Prague  Europe/Riga  Europe/Rome  Europe/Samara  Europe/San_Marino  Europe/Sarajevo  Europe/Saratov  Europe/Simferopol  Europe/Skopje  Europe/Sofia  Europe/Stockholm  Europe/Tallinn  Europe/Tirane  Europe/Ulyanovsk  Europe/Vaduz  Europe/Vatican  Europe/Vienna  Europe/Vilnius  Europe/Volgograd  Europe/Warsaw  Europe/Zagreb  Europe/Zurich  GMT  Indian/Antananarivo  Indian/Chagos  Indian/Christmas  Indian/Cocos  Indian/Comoro  Indian/Kerguelen  Indian/Mahe  Indian/Maldives  Indian/Mauritius  Indian/Mayotte  Indian/Reunion  Pacific/Apia  Pacific/Auckland  Pacific/Bougainville  Pacific/Chatham  Pacific/Chuuk  Pacific/Easter  Pacific/Efate  Pacific/Fakaofo  Pacific/Fiji  Pacific/Funafuti  Pacific/Galapagos  Pacific/Gambier  Pacific/Guadalcanal  Pacific/Guam  Pacific/Honolulu  Pacific/Kanton  Pacific/Kiritimati  Pacific/Kosrae  Pacific/Kwajalein  Pacific/Majuro  Pacific/Marquesas  Pacific/Midway  Pacific/Nauru  Pacific/Niue  Pacific/Norfolk  Pacific/Noumea  Pacific/Pago_Pago  Pacific/Palau  Pacific/Pitcairn  Pacific/Pohnpei  Pacific/Port_Moresby  Pacific/Rarotonga  Pacific/Saipan  Pacific/Tahiti  Pacific/Tarawa  Pacific/Tongatapu  Pacific/Wake  Pacific/Wallis  US/Alaska  US/Arizona  US/Central  US/Eastern  US/Hawaii  US/Mountain  US/Pacific  UTC    Save     
  
 Europe/Warsaw  English (United States)  Deutsch (Deutschland) 
  English (Canada) 
  English (United Kingdom) 
  English (United States) 
  Español (España) 
  Français (France) 
  Italiano (Italia) 
  Polski (Polska) 
  Português (Brasil) 
  Türkçe (Türkiye) 
  Čeština (Česko) 
  Монгол (Монгол) 
  Українська (Україна) 
  中文 (中国) 
  Login    

 International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics ICCVG 2024     

 September 17, 2024   
 Warsaw University of Life Sciences - SGGW   
 Europe/Warsaw timezone   

 Overview 
  Call for Papers 
  Important Additional Information 
  How to Submit 
  Organizers 
  Programme & Venue 
  Timetable 
  Committee 
  Preparing for Publication 
  Fees 
  Contact  
 iccvg@sggw.edu.pl 
  +48 22 593 7227 

 The International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics ICCVG is a biennial conference held in Poland since 2002. It continues the tradition of the conference series on Computer Graphics and Image Processing – GKPO  (Grafika Komputerowa i Przetwarzanie Obrazów) held biennially since 1990.  
 ICCVG is usually held in September and lasts three days. It is organized in parallel sessions, with an exception for keynote lectures which can be attended by all participants.  
 The main organizer of ICCVG is the Association for Image Processing, Poland, which is the Polish chapter of the International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR). The principal supporting organizer is the Institute of Information Technology  of the Warsaw University of Life Sciences – SGGW. The principal co-organizer is Faculdade de Engenharia, Universidade do Porto (FEUP), Porto, Portugal.  
 The papers are reviewed by 2 to 3 reviewers each (see the section " How to Submit  "). The conference proceedings are indexed, among others, by Web of Science and Scopus.  
 The proceedings of the conference will be published  in Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems (LNNS), Springer. Extended versions of selected outstanding papers will be published in Machine Graphics and Vision.  
   
  Starts  Sep 17, 2024, 10:00 AM    
 Ends  Sep 17, 2024, 4:00 PM    
 Europe/Warsaw   

  Warsaw University of Life Sciences - SGGW   
 Online meeting - MS Teams   
 Nowoursynowska 159 Warszawa, Poland (See the section "Programme & Venue" for details)   
 Go to map    
   
  Leszek Chmielewski 
  João Manuel R. S. Tavares 
  Arkadiusz Orłowski 
  Ryszard Kozera 

 Information for Authors of chapters in Springer books 

  Deadlines and dates  
 Paper submission: July 1, 2024 | (extended) 
  Paper acceptance: August 17 (extended) 
  Camera ready papers: August 29 (extended) 
  Conference: | September 16-18, 2024 
  ( Previous ICCVG conferences  )  

  Powered by Indico  v3.3.1     
   
 Help 
  Contact 

  
Call for papers data: 
       
   Indico style 
  Indico style - inline minutes 
  Indico style - numbered 
  Indico style - numbered + minutes 
  Indico Weeks View 
      
 Choose timezone  
 Your profile timezone:     
 Use timezone based on:   Event/category   Custom   Select a custom timezone  Africa/Abidjan  Africa/Accra  Africa/Addis_Ababa  Africa/Algiers  Africa/Asmara  Africa/Bamako  Africa/Bangui  Africa/Banjul  Africa/Bissau  Africa/Blantyre  Africa/Brazzaville  Africa/Bujumbura  Africa/Cairo  Africa/Casablanca  Africa/Ceuta  Africa/Conakry  Africa/Dakar  Africa/Dar_es_Salaam  Africa/Djibouti  Africa/Douala  Africa/El_Aaiun  Africa/Freetown  Africa/Gaborone  Africa/Harare  Africa/Johannesburg  Africa/Juba  Africa/Kampala  Africa/Khartoum  Africa/Kigali  Africa/Kinshasa  Africa/Lagos  Africa/Libreville  Africa/Lome  Africa/Luanda  Africa/Lubumbashi  Africa/Lusaka  Africa/Malabo  Africa/Maputo  Africa/Maseru  Africa/Mbabane  Africa/Mogadishu  Africa/Monrovia  Africa/Nairobi  Africa/Ndjamena  Africa/Niamey  Africa/Nouakchott  Africa/Ouagadougou  Africa/Porto-Novo  Africa/Sao_Tome  Africa/Tripoli  Africa/Tunis  Africa/Windhoek  America/Adak  America/Anchorage  America/Anguilla  America/Antigua  America/Araguaina  America/Argentina/Buenos_Aires  America/Argentina/Catamarca  America/Argentina/Cordoba  America/Argentina/Jujuy  America/Argentina/La_Rioja  America/Argentina/Mendoza  America/Argentina/Rio_Gallegos  America/Argentina/Salta  America/Argentina/San_Juan  America/Argentina/San_Luis  America/Argentina/Tucuman  America/Argentina/Ushuaia  America/Aruba  America/Asuncion  America/Atikokan  America/Bahia  America/Bahia_Banderas  America/Barbados  America/Belem  America/Belize  America/Blanc-Sablon  America/Boa_Vista  America/Bogota  America/Boise  America/Cambridge_Bay  America/Campo_Grande  America/Cancun  America/Caracas  America/Cayenne  America/Cayman  America/Chicago  America/Chihuahua  America/Ciudad_Juarez  America/Costa_Rica  America/Creston  America/Cuiaba  America/Curacao  America/Danmarkshavn  America/Dawson  America/Dawson_Creek  America/Denver  America/Detroit  America/Dominica  America/Edmonton  America/Eirunepe  America/El_Salvador  America/Fort_Nelson  America/Fortaleza  America/Glace_Bay  America/Goose_Bay  America/Grand_Turk  America/Grenada  America/Guadeloupe  America/Guatemala  America/Guayaquil  America/Guyana  America/Halifax  America/Havana  America/Hermosillo  America/Indiana/Indianapolis  America/Indiana/Knox  America/Indiana/Marengo  America/Indiana/Petersburg  America/Indiana/Tell_City  America/Indiana/Vevay  America/Indiana/Vincennes  America/Indiana/Winamac  America/Inuvik  America/Iqaluit  America/Jamaica  America/Juneau  America/Kentucky/Louisville  America/Kentucky/Monticello  America/Kralendijk  America/La_Paz  America/Lima  America/Los_Angeles  America/Lower_Princes  America/Maceio  America/Managua  America/Manaus  America/Marigot  America/Martinique  America/Matamoros  America/Mazatlan  America/Menominee  America/Merida  America/Metlakatla  America/Mexico_City  America/Miquelon  America/Moncton  America/Monterrey  America/Montevideo  America/Montserrat  America/Nassau  America/New_York  America/Nome  America/Noronha  America/North_Dakota/Beulah  America/North_Dakota/Center  America/North_Dakota/New_Salem  America/Nuuk  America/Ojinaga  America/Panama  America/Paramaribo  America/Phoenix  America/Port-au-Prince  America/Port_of_Spain  America/Porto_Velho  America/Puerto_Rico  America/Punta_Arenas  America/Rankin_Inlet  America/Recife  America/Regina  America/Resolute  America/Rio_Branco  America/Santarem  America/Santiago  America/Santo_Domingo  America/Sao_Paulo  America/Scoresbysund  America/Sitka  America/St_Barthelemy  America/St_Johns  America/St_Kitts  America/St_Lucia  America/St_Thomas  America/St_Vincent  America/Swift_Current  America/Tegucigalpa  America/Thule  America/Tijuana  America/Toronto  America/Tortola  America/Vancouver  America/Whitehorse  America/Winnipeg  America/Yakutat  Antarctica/Casey  Antarctica/Davis  Antarctica/DumontDUrville  Antarctica/Macquarie  Antarctica/Mawson  Antarctica/McMurdo  Antarctica/Palmer  Antarctica/Rothera  Antarctica/Syowa  Antarctica/Troll  Antarctica/Vostok  Arctic/Longyearbyen  Asia/Aden  Asia/Almaty  Asia/Amman  Asia/Anadyr  Asia/Aqtau  Asia/Aqtobe  Asia/Ashgabat  Asia/Atyrau  Asia/Baghdad  Asia/Bahrain  Asia/Baku  Asia/Bangkok  Asia/Barnaul  Asia/Beirut  Asia/Bishkek  Asia/Brunei  Asia/Chita  Asia/Choibalsan  Asia/Colombo  Asia/Damascus  Asia/Dhaka  Asia/Dili  Asia/Dubai  Asia/Dushanbe  Asia/Famagusta  Asia/Gaza  Asia/Hebron  Asia/Ho_Chi_Minh  Asia/Hong_Kong  Asia/Hovd  Asia/Irkutsk  Asia/Jakarta  Asia/Jayapura  Asia/Jerusalem  Asia/Kabul  Asia/Kamchatka  Asia/Karachi  Asia/Kathmandu  Asia/Khandyga  Asia/Kolkata  Asia/Krasnoyarsk  Asia/Kuala_Lumpur  Asia/Kuching  Asia/Kuwait  Asia/Macau  Asia/Magadan  Asia/Makassar  Asia/Manila  Asia/Muscat  Asia/Nicosia  Asia/Novokuznetsk  Asia/Novosibirsk  Asia/Omsk  Asia/Oral  Asia/Phnom_Penh  Asia/Pontianak  Asia/Pyongyang  Asia/Qatar  Asia/Qostanay  Asia/Qyzylorda  Asia/Riyadh  Asia/Sakhalin  Asia/Samarkand  Asia/Seoul  Asia/Shanghai  Asia/Singapore  Asia/Srednekolymsk  Asia/Taipei  Asia/Tashkent  Asia/Tbilisi  Asia/Tehran  Asia/Thimphu  Asia/Tokyo  Asia/Tomsk  Asia/Ulaanbaatar  Asia/Urumqi  Asia/Ust-Nera  Asia/Vientiane  Asia/Vladivostok  Asia/Yakutsk  Asia/Yangon  Asia/Yekaterinburg  Asia/Yerevan  Atlantic/Azores  Atlantic/Bermuda  Atlantic/Canary  Atlantic/Cape_Verde  Atlantic/Faroe  Atlantic/Madeira  Atlantic/Reykjavik  Atlantic/South_Georgia  Atlantic/St_Helena  Atlantic/Stanley  Australia/Adelaide  Australia/Brisbane  Australia/Broken_Hill  Australia/Darwin  Australia/Eucla  Australia/Hobart  Australia/Lindeman  Australia/Lord_Howe  Australia/Melbourne  Australia/Perth  Australia/Sydney  Canada/Atlantic  Canada/Central  Canada/Eastern  Canada/Mountain  Canada/Newfoundland  Canada/Pacific  Europe/Amsterdam  Europe/Andorra  Europe/Astrakhan  Europe/Athens  Europe/Belgrade  Europe/Berlin  Europe/Bratislava  Europe/Brussels  Europe/Bucharest  Europe/Budapest  Europe/Busingen  Europe/Chisinau  Europe/Copenhagen  Europe/Dublin  Europe/Gibraltar  Europe/Guernsey  Europe/Helsinki  Europe/Isle_of_Man  Europe/Istanbul  Europe/Jersey  Europe/Kaliningrad  Europe/Kirov  Europe/Kyiv  Europe/Lisbon  Europe/Ljubljana  Europe/London  Europe/Luxembourg  Europe/Madrid  Europe/Malta  Europe/Mariehamn  Europe/Minsk  Europe/Monaco  Europe/Moscow  Europe/Oslo  Europe/Paris  Europe/Podgorica  Europe/Prague  Europe/Riga  Europe/Rome  Europe/Samara  Europe/San_Marino  Europe/Sarajevo  Europe/Saratov  Europe/Simferopol  Europe/Skopje  Europe/Sofia  Europe/Stockholm  Europe/Tallinn  Europe/Tirane  Europe/Ulyanovsk  Europe/Vaduz  Europe/Vatican  Europe/Vienna  Europe/Vilnius  Europe/Volgograd  Europe/Warsaw  Europe/Zagreb  Europe/Zurich  GMT  Indian/Antananarivo  Indian/Chagos  Indian/Christmas  Indian/Cocos  Indian/Comoro  Indian/Kerguelen  Indian/Mahe  Indian/Maldives  Indian/Mauritius  Indian/Mayotte  Indian/Reunion  Pacific/Apia  Pacific/Auckland  Pacific/Bougainville  Pacific/Chatham  Pacific/Chuuk  Pacific/Easter  Pacific/Efate  Pacific/Fakaofo  Pacific/Fiji  Pacific/Funafuti  Pacific/Galapagos  Pacific/Gambier  Pacific/Guadalcanal  Pacific/Guam  Pacific/Honolulu  Pacific/Kanton  Pacific/Kiritimati  Pacific/Kosrae  Pacific/Kwajalein  Pacific/Majuro  Pacific/Marquesas  Pacific/Midway  Pacific/Nauru  Pacific/Niue  Pacific/Norfolk  Pacific/Noumea  Pacific/Pago_Pago  Pacific/Palau  Pacific/Pitcairn  Pacific/Pohnpei  Pacific/Port_Moresby  Pacific/Rarotonga  Pacific/Saipan  Pacific/Tahiti  Pacific/Tarawa  Pacific/Tongatapu  Pacific/Wake  Pacific/Wallis  US/Alaska  US/Arizona  US/Central  US/Eastern  US/Hawaii  US/Mountain  US/Pacific  UTC    Save     
  
 Europe/Warsaw  English (United States)  Deutsch (Deutschland) 
  English (Canada) 
  English (United Kingdom) 
  English (United States) 
  Español (España) 
  Français (France) 
  Italiano (Italia) 
  Polski (Polska) 
  Português (Brasil) 
  Türkçe (Türkiye) 
  Čeština (Česko) 
  Монгол (Монгол) 
  Українська (Україна) 
  中文 (中国) 
  Login    

 International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics ICCVG 2024     

 September 17, 2024   
 Warsaw University of Life Sciences - SGGW   
 Europe/Warsaw timezone   

 Overview 
  Call for Papers 
  Important Additional Information 
  How to Submit 
  Organizers 
  Programme & Venue 
  Timetable 
  Committee 
  Preparing for Publication 
  Fees 
  Contact  
 iccvg@sggw.edu.pl 
  +48 22 593 7227 

  Call for Papers  

 Papers on the broadly understood computer vision and graphics are welcome.   
 The topics include but are not limited to:  
 Modelling of human visual perception 
  Computational geometry 
  Geometrical models of objects and scenes 
  Illumination and reflection models and methods 
  Image formation 
  Image and video coding 
  Image filtering and enhancement 
  Biomedical image processing 
  Biomedical graphics 
  Colour image processing 
  Multispectral image processing 
  Pattern recognition in image processing 
  Scene understanding 
  Motion analysis, visual navigation and active vision 
  Human motion detection and analysis 
  Visualisation and graphical data presentation 
  Hardware and architectures for image processing 
  Computer-aided graphic design 
  3D imaging, shading and rendering 
  Computer animation 
  Graphics for internet and mobile systems 
  Virtual reality 
  Image and video databases 
  Visual cryptography 
  Digital watermarking 
  Multimedia applications 
  Computer art 
  Image processing applications in industry, engineering, life sciences, geophysics etc. 
  We encourage the papers using classical as well as Artificial Intelligence-type approaches.  

  Powered by Indico  v3.3.1     
   
 Help 
  Contact 

  Important dates data: 
undefined

18. Conference ICDAR_2:
Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 The 19th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Submission   

 Important Dates   
 Feb 7, 2025:  Conference Title & Abstract submission deadline   
   Feb 21, 2025:  Conference full paper upload and editing closed   
   Apr 25, 2025:  Conference paper acceptance notation   
   May 16, 2025:  Camera-Ready and final notation   
 Organizing Committee   
 General Chairs        Cheng-Lin Liu (China)                  Simone Marinai (Italy)                    Umapada Pal (India)                    Xiang Bai (China)         PC Chairs          Xu-Cheng Yin (China)                    Dimothenis Karatzas (Spain)                Daniel Lopresti (USA)     Tutorial Chairs        Jun Sun (China)                      Apostolos Antonacopoulos (UK)   Workshop Chairs        Lianwen Jin (China)                    Richard Zanibbi (USA)                  Veronique Eglin (France)     Competition Chairs      Zhouhui Lian (China)                    Michael Coustaty (France)                  Ron Litman (Amazon, USA)      Publicity Chairs        Jean-Marc Ogier (France)                  David Doermann (USA)   Publication Chairs      Anna Zhu (China)                    Xu-Yao Zhang (China)        Finance Chair        Yingying Zhu (China)    
   Local Arrangement      Yongchao Xu (China)        Chairs            Lai Tu (China)                          Jianjie Wu  (China)    

 ICDAR  is the premier event for scientists and practitioners involved with document analysis and recognition, a field of growing importance in our current age of digital transition. The 19th edition of this flagship conference will beheld in Wuhan, September 17-21, 2025.    

 Paper Submission:   
 There is both a standard conference paper track and a journal track at ICDAR 2025  Call for Papers    ; details regarding the journal track maybe found in a separate  Call for Journal Track   .   
 Reviewing for conference papers will be double blind. Authors should not include their names, affiliations, or acknowledgements in submitted manuscripts, and should ensure that their identity is not revealed indirectly by citing their earlier work in the third person.    
 Papers maybe up to 15 pages long (including references) in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format. Detailed submission instructions for authors can be found on the conference website   (https://www.icdar2025.com/home)   .    

 Topics of Interest:   
 Document image processing        Structured document generation   
   Physical and logical layout analysis      Multimedia document analysis    
   Text and symbol recognition        Mobile text recognition    
   Handwriting recognition          Pen-based document analysis    
   Document analysis systems        Scene text detection and recognition    
   Document classification          Recognition of tables and formulas    
   Indexing and retrieval of documents      Historical document analysis    
   Document synthesis            Signature verification    
   Extracting document semantics        Document summarization and translation    
   NLP for document understanding      Document forensics and provenance    
   Office automation              Medical document analysis    
   Graphics recognition            Document analysis for social good    
   Human document interaction        Document analysis for literature search    
   Document Representation Modeling      Gold-standard benchmarks and datasets    
   Document VQA              Foundation models (Large Multimodal    
   Private and secure             Models)    for document understanding     document understanding   
 Publication: Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science   
 The conference proceedings will be published as part of the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Accepted papers will be freely available through SpringerLink from the conference website for one year after publication, and will later be freely available through SpringerLink four years after publication.   
    
   Contact:    
 Xu-Cheng Yin <xuchengyin@ustb.edu.cn>   
 Dimosthenis Karatzas <dimos@cvc.uab.es>   
 Daniel Lopresti <lopresti@cse.lehigh.edu>   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  
Call for papers data: 
  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 The 19th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Call for Papers   

 Important Dates   
 Feb 7, 2025:  Conference Title & Abstract submission deadline   
   Feb 21, 2025:  Conference full paper upload and editing closed   
   Apr 25, 2025:  Conference paper acceptance notation   
   May 16, 2025:  Camera-Ready and final notation   
 Organizing Committee   
 General Chairs        Cheng-Lin Liu (China)                  Simone Marinai (Italy)                    Umapada Pal (India)                    Xiang Bai (China)         PC Chairs          Xu-Cheng Yin (China)                    Dimothenis Karatzas (Spain)                Daniel Lopresti (USA)     Tutorial Chairs        Jun Sun (China)                      Apostolos Antonacopoulos (UK)   Workshop Chairs        Lianwen Jin (China)                    Richard Zanibbi (USA)                  Veronique Eglin (France)     Competition Chairs      Zhouhui Lian (China)                    Michael Coustaty (France)                  Ron Litman (Amazon, USA)      Publicity Chairs        Jean-Marc Ogier (France)                  David Doermann (USA)   Publication Chairs      Anna Zhu (China)                    Xu-Yao Zhang (China)        Finance Chair        Yingying Zhu (China)    
   Local Arrangement      Yongchao Xu (China)        Chairs            Lai Tu (China)                          Jianjie Wu(China)    

 ICDAR  is the premier event for scientists and practitioners involved with document analysis and recognition, a field of growing importance in our current age of digital transition. The 19th edition of this flagship conference will beheld in Wuhan, September 17-21, 2025.    

 Paper Submission:   
 There is both a standard conference paper track and a journal track at ICDAR 2025; details regarding the journal track maybe found in a separate  Call for Journal Track   .   
 Reviewing for conference papers will be double blind. Authors should not include their names, affiliations, or acknowledgements in submitted manuscripts, and should ensure that their identity is not revealed indirectly by citing their earlier work in the third person.   
 Papers should be formatted according to the  instructions and style files   provided by Springer. The LaTeX template for LNCS can be downloaded  here   . It is also available on  Overleaf   .   
 Papers maybe up to 15 pages long (including references) in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format. Detailed submission instructions for authors can be found on the conference website   (https://www.icdar2025.com/home)   .    

 Topics of Interest:   
 Document image processing        Structured document generation   
   Physical and logical layout analysis      Multimedia document analysis    
   Text and symbol recognition        Mobile text recognition    
   Handwriting recognition          Pen-based document analysis    
   Document analysis systems        Scene text detection and recognition    
   Document classification          Recognition of tables and formulas    
   Indexing and retrieval of documents      Historical document analysis    
   Document synthesis            Signature verification    
   Extracting document semantics        Document summarization and translation    
   NLP for document understanding      Document forensics and provenance    
   Office automation              Medical document analysis    
   Graphics recognition            Document analysis for social good    
   Human document interaction        Document analysis for literature search    
   Document Representation Modeling      Gold-standard benchmarks and datasets    
   Document VQA              Foundation models (Large Multimodal    
   Private and secure             Models)    for document understanding    document understanding   
 Publication: Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science   
 The conference proceedings will be published as part of the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Accepted papers will be freely available through SpringerLink from the conference website for one year after publication, and will later be freely available through SpringerLink four years after publication.   
    
   Contact:    
 Xu-Cheng Yin <xuchengyin@ustb.edu.cn>   
 Dimosthenis Karatzas <dimos@cvc.uab.es>   
 Daniel Lopresti <lopresti@cse.lehigh.edu>   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  Important dates data: 
  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Important Dates   
  
  Main Conference   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        Nov 15, 2024   
   Initial journal track decision announced:        Jan 10, 2025   
   Conference  t  itle &  a  bstract submission deadline:      Feb 7, 2025   
   Conference full paper upload and editing closed:      Feb 21, 2025   
   Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      Mar 14, 2025   
   Conference reviews due:              Apr 11, 2025   
   Conference rebuttal due:              Apr 18, 2025   
   Conference paper acceptance notation:          Apr 25, 2025   
   Camera-Ready and final notation:            May 16, 2025   
  
  Journal Track   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        15 Nov  .  2024   
 Initial Journal track decision announced:        10 Jan  .  2025   
 Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      14 March 2025   
 Final decision notification  :              23 May 2025   
  
  Competitions   
 Competition proposal submission due:        Oct  .   30, 2024   
 Competition acceptance notification:          No  v. 10, 2024   
 Individual Competition Websites are Live  :      Dec. 10, 2024   
  
  Suggested deadline for competition participants:      April 20, 2025   
  
  Initial competition report submission due:        May 1, 2025   
  
  Camera-ready paper submission due:           May 16  , 2025   
  
  Communicate Winners to Chairs:            June 30, 2025   
  
  Presentation of results at  ICDAR c  onference:      Sep  .  17-21, 2025   
  
  Workshops   
 Workshop proposal due date:            Dec.  15, 2024   
 Acceptance notification:              Dec. 30, 2024   
 Tentative Dates of Workshops:            Sep. 20-21, 2025   
  
  Tutorials   
 To be announced.   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse

19. Conference ICCV_3:
Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   CVPR | Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Reset / Forgot Password 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact CVPR 
  HELP/FAQ 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2025) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Musical Performance 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for AI Art 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Participation: Doctoral Consortium 
  Author & Reviewer Guides | Changes for 2025 
  How to complete your OpenReview profile 
  Clarification 
  Authors 
  Author Guidelines 
  Author Suggested Practices 
  Author Ethics Guidelines 
  YouTube and Poster Art Uploads 
  Reviewers 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Poster Printing 
  Attend | 2025 In-person FAQ 
  Register 
  Invitation Letter 
  Book Your Hotel 
  Code of Conduct 
  Keynotes & Panels 
  Diversity Equity and Inclusion 
  Accessibility & Inclusion 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Expo | Sponsors 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Expo Schedule 
  Sponsor, Exhibitor List & Floor-plan 
  Promotional Opportunities 
  2025 Exhibitor Manual 
  Exhibitor/Sponsor PR Professionals 
  Media | Media Center 
  Get Media Pass 
  News and Resources 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

  CALL FOR WORKSHOP PROPOSALS        
 Workshops Chairs: Brian Clipp, Forrester Cole, Chen Sun, Lijuan Wang        
 Proposal Deadline: Oct 20, 2024        
 Notification by: December 20, 2024        
 Email: workshops-cvpr-2025@googlegroups.com        
 We are soliciting proposals for workshops to be held together with the 2025 IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2025). The workshops will take place on June 11 and 12 at the same venue as the main conference in       Nashville        , USA. The purpose of the workshops is to provide a comprehensive forum on topics that will not be fully explored during the main conference and to encourage in-depth discussion of technical, application, and community issues. In addition, we strongly encourage and will give special consideration during the review process to workshops aiming to create and strengthen communities (such as affinity workshops like “Women in Computer Vision” or “Good Citizens of CVPR”) as well as workshops focusing on the social impact of computer vision.        
 In the past few years, the number of workshop proposals has been increasing rapidly. Due to space and time limitations, as well as to encourage diversity of topic coverage, we will only be able to retain a limited number of proposals. Therefore, we encourage the workshop organizers to submit proposals that are specific and detailed in justifying relevance, viability and uniqueness. Workshops that are substantially similar to each other in content may be asked to merge.        
 New (Workshop Tracks): This CVPR, to improve the organization of workshops on similar broad topics, we additionally ask submissions to identify a primary subject area (e.g., “Video analysis & understanding”) that they belong to, as well as up to 5 secondary subject areas (e.g., “Behavior analysis” and “Action and event recognition”). This information will be used to create a “track” structure with workshops on cohesive topics (e.g., there may be a track on “Semantic understanding in video” consisting of 4 half-day workshops). Workshops within a “track” will take place in the same room (or be co-located), and workshop organizers will be asked to work closely with others in their track as to avoid overlap in content and speakers to the extent possible. Not every workshop will be assigned to a track – in fact, we encourage submission of workshops on interesting niche topics which will not be part of any particular track.        
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION        
 Workshops will follow the format of CVPR 2025 (in-person and hybrid). More information will be disseminated closer to the conference date. 
  If you intend to peer-review and publish accepted papers in conjunction with CVPR 2025 proceedings, please note the following: | Last day for workshop camera-ready submission will be in April 7 2025 
  Last day for finalized workshop program will be in May 9 2025 
  Sponsorship money for workshops and any award money offered must be managed Workshop organizers 
  Workshop proposals will be in PDF format. Proposals should be submitted through OpenReview at this url: | https://openreview.net/group?id=thecvf.com/CVPR/2025/Workshop_Proposals | Please do not directly email proposals to the chairs. 
  EVALUATION CRITERIA        
 Workshop proposals will be evaluated based on the following criteria. Their order below does not reflect their importance.        
 Excitement and Relevance | We are looking for workshops which complement the main conference, reflect the CVPR community’s interest in a topic, as well as those that generate new discussion and momentum. 
  We strongly encourage workshops aimed at creating or improving community, workshops focusing on the social impact of computer vision, interdisciplinary workshops, and workshops on niche topics not sufficiently represented at CVPR. 
  Diversity and inclusion | We encourage, and expect, diversity in the organizing team and speakers and invited speakers (e.g., gender, race, affiliations, seniority, etc.), and diversity of opinions represented during a workshop. 
  Proposals should specify how diversity is being addressed. The CVPR 2025 Workshop Chairs ( | workshops-cvpr-2025@googlegroups.com | ) and DEI Chairs ( | cvpr2025_dei@googlegroups.com | ) are available to help if needed. 
  Diversity of topics and formats | We strive for a diversity of topics. Workshops with overlapping topics may be asked to merge (workshops with similar but non-overlapping topics will be grouped within a track). While merging is optional, at most one of the workshops proposed to be merged will be accepted. 
  We strive for different workshop formats, such as invited speakers, challenges, community building, etc. 
  There should be minimal overlap in invited speakers between workshops. Workshop organizers are strongly encouraged to invite speakers who are uniquely relevant to their topics, and to think broadly about inviting speakers beyond those that commonly speak at CVPR workshops. 
  Social impact and ethical consideration | Computer vision may be useful both in positive and negative ways, so we expect workshop organizers to articulate the potential impact of their topics in the proposal and to incorporate those considerations into the workshop itself. 
  We encourage workshops focusing specifically on the social impact of computer vision. 
  Organization | The level of experience of the organizing team and the dedication of the main organizers will be taken into account. 
  The proposal should clearly articulate plans for engaging the audience in the workshop’s intended format (in-person or hybrid) 
  SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS        
 Proposals should include the following.        
 TOPIC        
 Workshop title 
  Workshop acronym 
  Topics that will be covered in the workshop. 
  Broader impact statement: Describe why the workshop is relevant to the community and how relevant the topics or discussion are beyond the CVPR audience. 
  Ethical considerations around the topic (if any) 
  Relationship to previous workshops: Describe how this proposal relates to previous workshops held at CVPR/ICCV/ECCV/etc. in the last three years. 
  If you are aware of other workshop proposals being submitted to CVPR'25 that may be suitable to form a "workshop track" please mention this in your proposal (see details above on workshop tracks). 
  ORGANIZERS AND SPEAKERS        
 List of organizers. 
  Primary and secondary organizers responsible for liaising with the workshop chairs. 
  Organizing team’s experience and background: Information that supports the organizers’ ability to run a workshop, and appropriateness to a workshop on this topic, including brief bios for the main organizers. 
  List of invited speakers: Please list only speakers that have confirmed or tentatively confirmed their attendance, and who are willing to deliver a virtual talk if necessary. For each speaker, (a) please indicate if confirmation is tentative or final, (b) provide a link to their homepage, and (c) explain their relevance to the workshop. We recommend finding invited speakers who will not give the same talk at multiple workshops; otherwise, the workshops may be asked to merge. 
  Diversity: Discuss how diversity is being addressed among (a) the organizing committee and (b) the invited speakers. 
  FORMAT AND LOGISTICS        
 Format: CVPR 2025 will be in-person. We will endeavor to support workshops that are in-person, mixed in-person and virtual attendance. This decision will be made by the CVPR 2025 organizers as needed. Organizers should specify in advance their intended format. In particular, describe how you will support virtual attendance if the workshop is partially virtual. 
  Expected workshop size: Small (< 100 attendees), Medium (100-300 attendees), Large (>300 attendees) 
  Request for full-day workshop (optional): all workshops will be half-day by default; if a full-day event is necessary, provide a short justification. 
  Schedule: Provide a preliminary schedule for your workshop. 
  If including paper submissions: (a) Tentative program committee, (b), Paper review timeline, (c) Will these papers be published in proceedings? Note that paper submissions must adhere to the CVPR 2025 paper submission style, format, and length restrictions. 
  If the workshop hosts a competition, describe it: (a) Explain which datasets will be used, (b) Whether the datasets are already available or not; in the latter case, provide an estimate when the datasets will be available and describe your contingency plan in case of delays; (c) Ethical considerations for the datasets, (d) How submissions will be evaluated, (e) The timeline for the competition (start, submission deadline, decisions to participants). 
  If in-person posters are included, how many are expected? 
  Special space or equipment requests, if any. 
  Proposals failing to comply with the guidelines will be desk rejected.        
 UPON ACCEPTANCE        
 The CVPR 2025 organizers will collect workshop registrations, provide facilities, and distribute electronic copies of the workshop proceedings. 
  Workshops will be required to prepare their own websites, separate from the CVPR 2025 webpage. These pages will include workshop details, organizers, dates, submission instructions, and, once finalized, the workshop program. 
  Workshop organizers will be provided a zoom link only, other hybrid arrangements should be requested by May 2025. No links should be posted outside of the virtual site. 
  Workshop organizers have to communicate by May 2025 if the workshop will be live only or hybrid (fully virtual is not allowed). 
  Workshop organizers are expected to respond in a timely manner to requests from the CVPR 2025 organizers (e.g., by providing the workshop program to be included in the main distribution materials). Failure to respond in a timely manner may result in your workshop’s acceptance being withdrawn at the chairs’ discretion. 
  Workshop organizers should appoint a primary organizer who will serve as the main point of contact between the workshop chairs and the workshop organizers. 
  Program requests must be made by May 2025 (including poster boards) 
  Note that everyone must be registered in advance to attend (even speakers). Workshop organizers will be provided with a limited number of free full registrations and workshop passes to use as they see fit. Last minute requests for registrations will not be granted, even in emergencies. 
  QUESTIONS        
 For any questions, please contact the workshop chairs, Brian Clipp, Forrester Cole, Chen Sun, Lijuan Wang at workshops-cvpr-2025@googlegroups.com.        

 Successful Page Load   

 The CVPR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
  
 IEEE Computer Society 
 The Computer Vision Foundation 

 CVF Proceedings   

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   CVPR | Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Reset / Forgot Password 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact CVPR 
  HELP/FAQ 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2025) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Musical Performance 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for AI Art 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Participation: Doctoral Consortium 
  Author & Reviewer Guides | Changes for 2025 
  How to complete your OpenReview profile 
  Clarification 
  Authors 
  Author Guidelines 
  Author Suggested Practices 
  Author Ethics Guidelines 
  YouTube and Poster Art Uploads 
  Reviewers 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Poster Printing 
  Attend | 2025 In-person FAQ 
  Register 
  Invitation Letter 
  Book Your Hotel 
  Code of Conduct 
  Keynotes & Panels 
  Diversity Equity and Inclusion 
  Accessibility & Inclusion 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Expo | Sponsors 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Expo Schedule 
  Sponsor, Exhibitor List & Floor-plan 
  Promotional Opportunities 
  2025 Exhibitor Manual 
  Exhibitor/Sponsor PR Professionals 
  Media | Media Center 
  Get Media Pass 
  News and Resources 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

  Page not found  
 Sorry, but the requested page could not be found.  

 Successful Page Load   

 The CVPR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
  
 IEEE Computer Society 
 The Computer Vision Foundation 

 CVF Proceedings   

  Important dates data: 
Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   CVPR | Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Reset / Forgot Password 
  Privacy Policy 
  Contact CVPR 
  HELP/FAQ 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2025) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Musical Performance 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for AI Art 
  Call for Demos 
  Call for Participation: Doctoral Consortium 
  Author & Reviewer Guides | Changes for 2025 
  How to complete your OpenReview profile 
  Clarification 
  Authors 
  Author Guidelines 
  Author Suggested Practices 
  Author Ethics Guidelines 
  YouTube and Poster Art Uploads 
  Reviewers 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Poster Printing 
  Attend | 2025 In-person FAQ 
  Register 
  Invitation Letter 
  Book Your Hotel 
  Code of Conduct 
  Keynotes & Panels 
  Diversity Equity and Inclusion 
  Accessibility & Inclusion 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Expo | Sponsors 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Expo Schedule 
  Sponsor, Exhibitor List & Floor-plan 
  Promotional Opportunities 
  2025 Exhibitor Manual 
  Exhibitor/Sponsor PR Professionals 
  Media | Media Center 
  Get Media Pass 
  News and Resources 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 

  Page not found  
 Sorry, but the requested page could not be found.  

 Successful Page Load   

 The CVPR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
  
 IEEE Computer Society 
 The Computer Vision Foundation 

 CVF Proceedings

20. Conference ICDAR_3:
Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 The 1  9  th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Call For Papers: 2025 ICDAR - IJDAR Journal Track   

 Important Dates   
 15 November 2024:  Journal track paper submission deadline 
  10 January 2025:  Initial Journal track decision announced 
  14 March 2025:  Journal track paper revise submission deadline 
  23 May 2025:  Final decision notification 

 Special Issue Guest Editors   
 ICDAR 2025 PC Chairs   
 Xu-Cheng Yin, University of Science and Technology Beijing, China 
  Dimosthenis Karatzas, Computer Vision Center / Universitat Autonoma de Barcelona, Spain 
  Daniel Lopresti, Lehigh University, Pennsylvania, USA (IJDAR liason) 
  Following a feature of ICDAR2019 through ICDAR2024, ICDAR 2025 will again include the option of a journal track that offers the rapid turnaround and dissemination times of a conference while providing the paper length, scientific rigor, and careful review process of an archival journal.   
 The ICDAR-IJDAR journal track invites high-quality submissions that present original work in the areas of Document Analysis and Recognition appropriate to both the International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition (ICDAR) and the International Journal on Document Analysis and Recognition (IJDAR). Accepted papers will be published in a special issue of IJDAR and will receive an oral presentation slot at the ICDAR 2025 conference.   
 Authors who submit their work to the journal track commit themselves to present their results at the ICDAR conference in case of acceptance. Springer Nature, the publisher of IJDAR, will make the papers accepted for the journal track freely available in a time frame of four weeks around the conference, beyond being available in the archival journal.   
 Format:  Papers submitted to the journal track should follow  the format of IJDAR submissions and all of the standard guidelines   .   
 Procedure and Deadlines:   
 We permit a second round of submissions for the ICDAR-IJDAR journal track only for revised papers from the 1st round of submissions. It must be understood by all authors that the full journal review process will be required for all ICDAR-IJDAR track submissions — there is no “short cut.” Papers submitted late in the second round run a risk of the review process not completing in time. In such cases, authors should know that:   
 (1) The submitted paper can still continue under review as an IJDAR paper.   
 (2) The authors always have the option of preparing a shorter version of the paper to submit as a regular ICDAR conference paper.   
 Questions regarding the status of a paper that is under review for the IJDAR-ICDAR journal track should be directed to   Ms. Katherine Moretti @Springer   .   The guest editors have full authority to determine that the journal review process will not complete in time, and to decline submissions that arrive too late. In which case they will immediately notify the authors who can decide to leave the paper in the standard journal reviewing system or withdraw their manuscript from the journal.   

 Inquiries:   
 For additional information, please email one of the editors of this special issue or consult the FAQ that will be posted on the IJDAR website.   

 Submission Guidelines:   
 Authors should submit their papers via the  ICDAR 2025 collection   on the IJDAR website. Please choose ICDAR 2025 from the collection dropdown on the “Details” page of the submission process. Submitted papers should present original, unpublished work, relevant to one of the topics of the Special Issue. All submitted papers will be evaluated on the basis of relevance, significance of contribution, technical quality, scholarship, and quality of presentation, by at least three independent reviewers. It is the policy of the journal that no submission, or substantially overlapping submission, be published or be under review at another journal or conference at any time during the review process. Manuscripts will be subject to a peer reviewing process and must conform to the author guide lines available on the IJDAR website at:  https://link.springer.com/journal/10032/updates/27412600    
 Author Resources:    
 Authors are encouraged to submit high-quality, original work that has neither appeared in, nor is under consideration by other journals. Springer provides a host of information about publishing in a Springer Journal on our  Journal Author Resources page   , including  FAQs   ,  Tutorials   along with  Help and Support   .   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  
Call for papers data: 
  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 The 19th International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition   
   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Call for Papers   

 Important Dates   
 Feb 7, 2025:  Conference Title & Abstract submission deadline   
   Feb 21, 2025:  Conference full paper upload and editing closed   
   Apr 25, 2025:  Conference paper acceptance notation   
   May 16, 2025:  Camera-Ready and final notation   
 Organizing Committee   
 General Chairs        Cheng-Lin Liu (China)                  Simone Marinai (Italy)                    Umapada Pal (India)                    Xiang Bai (China)         PC Chairs          Xu-Cheng Yin (China)                    Dimothenis Karatzas (Spain)                Daniel Lopresti (USA)     Tutorial Chairs        Jun Sun (China)                      Apostolos Antonacopoulos (UK)   Workshop Chairs        Lianwen Jin (China)                    Richard Zanibbi (USA)                  Veronique Eglin (France)     Competition Chairs      Zhouhui Lian (China)                    Michael Coustaty (France)                  Ron Litman (Amazon, USA)      Publicity Chairs        Jean-Marc Ogier (France)                  David Doermann (USA)   Publication Chairs      Anna Zhu (China)                    Xu-Yao Zhang (China)        Finance Chair        Yingying Zhu (China)    
   Local Arrangement      Yongchao Xu (China)        Chairs            Lai Tu (China)                          Jianjie Wu(China)    

 ICDAR  is the premier event for scientists and practitioners involved with document analysis and recognition, a field of growing importance in our current age of digital transition. The 19th edition of this flagship conference will beheld in Wuhan, September 17-21, 2025.    

 Paper Submission:   
 There is both a standard conference paper track and a journal track at ICDAR 2025; details regarding the journal track maybe found in a separate  Call for Journal Track   .   
 Reviewing for conference papers will be double blind. Authors should not include their names, affiliations, or acknowledgements in submitted manuscripts, and should ensure that their identity is not revealed indirectly by citing their earlier work in the third person.   
 Papers should be formatted according to the  instructions and style files   provided by Springer. The LaTeX template for LNCS can be downloaded  here   . It is also available on  Overleaf   .   
 Papers maybe up to 15 pages long (including references) in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) format. Detailed submission instructions for authors can be found on the conference website   (https://www.icdar2025.com/home)   .    

 Topics of Interest:   
 Document image processing        Structured document generation   
   Physical and logical layout analysis      Multimedia document analysis    
   Text and symbol recognition        Mobile text recognition    
   Handwriting recognition          Pen-based document analysis    
   Document analysis systems        Scene text detection and recognition    
   Document classification          Recognition of tables and formulas    
   Indexing and retrieval of documents      Historical document analysis    
   Document synthesis            Signature verification    
   Extracting document semantics        Document summarization and translation    
   NLP for document understanding      Document forensics and provenance    
   Office automation              Medical document analysis    
   Graphics recognition            Document analysis for social good    
   Human document interaction        Document analysis for literature search    
   Document Representation Modeling      Gold-standard benchmarks and datasets    
   Document VQA              Foundation models (Large Multimodal    
   Private and secure             Models)    for document understanding    document understanding   
 Publication: Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science   
 The conference proceedings will be published as part of the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Accepted papers will be freely available through SpringerLink from the conference website for one year after publication, and will later be freely available through SpringerLink four years after publication.   
    
   Contact:    
 Xu-Cheng Yin <xuchengyin@ustb.edu.cn>   
 Dimosthenis Karatzas <dimos@cvc.uab.es>   
 Daniel Lopresti <lopresti@cse.lehigh.edu>   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse   

  Important dates data: 
  

   Search this site   

 Skip to main content     

 Skip to navigation     

 ICDAR2025   HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
   
 ICDAR2025     
 HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 
  More | HOME 
  Important Dates 
  REGISTRATION 
  VENUE 
  SUBMISSION | Call for Papers 
  Call for Journal Track 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call for Workshop 
  Call for Sponsorships 
  ORGANIZATION 
  SPONSORS 
  CONTACT US 

 The 19th International Conference on   
 Document Analysis and   
 Recognition   
 September 17-21, 2025 Wuhan, Hubei, China   

 Important Dates   
  
  Main Conference   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        Nov 15, 2024   
   Initial journal track decision announced:        Jan 10, 2025   
   Conference  t  itle &  a  bstract submission deadline:      Feb 7, 2025   
   Conference full paper upload and editing closed:      Feb 21, 2025   
   Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      Mar 14, 2025   
   Conference reviews due:              Apr 11, 2025   
   Conference rebuttal due:              Apr 18, 2025   
   Conference paper acceptance notation:          Apr 25, 2025   
   Camera-Ready and final notation:            May 16, 2025   
  
  Journal Track   
 Journal track paper submission deadline:        15 Nov  .  2024   
 Initial Journal track decision announced:        10 Jan  .  2025   
 Journal track paper revise submission deadline:      14 March 2025   
 Final decision notification  :              23 May 2025   
  
  Competitions   
 Competition proposal submission due:        Oct  .   30, 2024   
 Competition acceptance notification:          No  v. 10, 2024   
 Individual Competition Websites are Live  :      Dec. 10, 2024   
  
  Suggested deadline for competition participants:      April 20, 2025   
  
  Initial competition report submission due:        May 1, 2025   
  
  Camera-ready paper submission due:           May 16  , 2025   
  
  Communicate Winners to Chairs:            June 30, 2025   
  
  Presentation of results at  ICDAR c  onference:      Sep  .  17-21, 2025   
  
  Workshops   
 Workshop proposal due date:            Dec.  15, 2024   
 Acceptance notification:              Dec. 30, 2024   
 Tentative Dates of Workshops:            Sep. 20-21, 2025   
  
  Tutorials   
 To be announced.   

 Copyright ICDAR 2025. All rights reserved.     

 Google Sites   

 Report abuse   

 Google Sites   
   
 Report abuse

21. Conference ICCVG_2:
Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Technical Program  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Industrial Track  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  About the Region  Reaching the City  Visa Information  Hotel Reservation  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 VISIGRAPP 2025 will be held in conjunction with MODELSWARD 2025    and ROBOVIS 2025    .   
  Registration to VISIGRAPP allows free access to the MODELSWARD and ROBOVIS conferences (as a non-speaker).  

 The purpose of VISIGRAPP is to bring together researchers and practitioners interested in both theoretical advances and applications of computer vision, computer graphics, human-computer interaction and information visualization.  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

  GRAPP   
  20th International Conference on Computer Graphics Theory and Applications    
   
 Program Co-chairs    
  Thomas Bashford-Rogers  , University of Warwick, United Kingdom  
  Daniel Meneveaux  , University of Poitiers, France   

  HUCAPP   
  9th International Conference on Human Computer Interaction Theory and Applications    
   
 Program Co-chairs    
  Mehdi Ammi  , University of Paris 8, France  
  Mounia Ziat  , Bentley University, United States   

  IVAPP   
  16th International Conference on Information Visualization Theory and Applications    
   
 Program Co-chairs    
  Stefan Jänicke  , Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, Denmark  
  Helen C. Purchase  , Monash University, Australia   

  VISAPP   
  20th International Conference on Computer Vision Theory and Applications    
   
 Program Co-chairs    
  Petia Radeva  , Universitat de Barcelona, Spain  
  Antonino Furnari  , University of Catania, Italy   

  Upcoming Submission Deadlines  
 Late-Breaking Submission Deadline:  December 16, 2024    
 Abstracts Track Submission:  December 18, 2024    

  (See Important Dates for more information)    
  Conference Co-chairs    
 Kadi Bouatouch  ,  IRISA, University of Rennes 1, France   
  A. Augusto Sousa  ,  FEUP/INESC TEC, Portugal   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Julien Pettré  ,  Inria, France   
  Daniel Archambault  ,  Newcastle University, United Kingdom   
  Katherine J. Kuchenbecker  ,  Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems, Stuttgart, Germany   
  Diane Larlus  ,  Naver Labs Europe, France   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book  (final approval pending)  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for a post-conference special issue of the  
  Springer Nature Computer Science Journal   

 Technically co-sponsored by:   

 Endorsed by:    

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC    

   
Call for papers data: 
Server Error  
   
 404 - File or directory not found.  
 The resource you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

22. Conference ICDCIT_0:
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue    

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

23. Conference ICDCIT_1:
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue    

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

24. Conference ICCVG_3:
Close    

   Nearby     Filter      Events   
    Companies   
    Experts   
    Hubs   

   Add Event    
   
   Login   

  Add a review    
 19 - 21 Sep 2022    
 International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics  
   
  Conference    
   Warsaw  , Poland     
        30  Followers    

  Select   Select   Save   Share    
 Follow  Attended?    

 About | Exhibitors | Speakers | Reviews | Deals 
  
 You are heading to the event with 30 people! Who's coming with you?   
  Share    

 Listed In  
  IT & Technology   #Computer & Gadgets   #Startups & Entrepreneurship   #Computer Vision     

 You are heading to the event with 30 people! Who's coming with you?   
  Share    

 Timings  
 09:00 AM-06:00 PM (expected)  
  Not Verified | Entry Fees  
 Paid Ticket Check Official Website 
 Estimated Turnout  
 500 - 1000  Delegates   
 Based on previous editions | Event Type  
  Conference 
 Editions  
 Sep 2022  
  +4 more editions   
   
  Frequency  Biennial | Official Links  
 Website  Contacts         

  Report Error   
  Claim this event 
 Organizer  
  Follow Company   
  Queries about the event?  Ask Organizer     
   
 Warsaw University of Life Sciences - SGGW   Poland  15  Total Events 
 52.230000  21.012000  Venue Map & Directions  
 Booking.com     
 Venue to be announced   
 Warsaw  , Poland   
 Add Venue 

 Write a Review  
   Add Your Review    

   19 Sep 2022  14 Sep 2020  17 Sep 2018  19 Sep 2016   Edition    
 How did you participate in this event?  
   
  Visitor     
  Exhibitor     
     Speaker     

 Followers [ Users who have shown interest for this Event ]  Join Community   Invite    
 All Profiles  CEO [2]  MD and CEO [1]  Managing Director [1]  Chief Financial Officer [1]  Advisor [1]  Assistant Professor [1]  Office Coordinator [1]  Teacher [1]  Proprietor [1]  Managing Partner [1]  Chief Financial Officer [1]  Software Developer [1]  Network Engineer [1]  Travel Consultant [1]  Independent Distributor [1]  Mechanical Engineer [1]  IT Specialist [1]   All Countries  Poland  Iran  Bangladesh  Iraq  South Africa  Nigeria  India  Uganda  Afghanistan  Australia  Kazakhstan  Congo  Ghana  Russia     
 Sort By  Top Profiles  Recommended     

 Arafat Hossain   
  Chief Financial Officer at R Flight Zone  
  Dhaka, Bangladesh    
 Connect    

 Govt. High School Sanch   
  Teacher at govt school sanch  
  Kaithal, India    
 Connect    

 Jimi George   
  Art Editor at Royal Mirror Newspapers  
  Lagos, Nigeria    
 Connect    

 Amb Emmanuel Ossai   
  Travel Consultant at Emios TRAVEL & Tours  
  Lagos, Nigeria    
 Connect    

 Ajay Kumar   
  MD /CEO at Kala animation  
  Bathinda, India    
 Connect    

 Julia Wartacz   
  rtrt at rfrt  
  Wrocław, Poland    
 Connect    

 Ivan Atwiine   
  IT Specialist at National Water and Sewerage Corporation  
  Kampala, Uganda    
 Connect    

  Add Profile   
  View More    

 52.230000  21.012000  Venue Map & Directions  
   Venue to be announced   
 Warsaw  , Poland   
 Add Venue   
   
 More Events in Warsaw  
  
 Mar 01 2025 | Beauty Forum & Hair   
  Warsaw, Poland 
 Mar 07 2025 | Poland International Education Fair   
  Warsaw, Poland 
 Mar 19 2025 | Next Block Expo The Blockchain Festival of Europe   
  Warsaw, Poland 
 May 13 2025 | Chemistry and Automotive   
  Warsaw, Poland 
 May 14 2025 | International Fair Petrol Station   
  Warsaw, Poland 

  All Events in Warsaw   

 https://10times.com/hub/technology-hub   

 Next step - Complete your profile   To mark your interest in International Conference on Computer Vision and Graphics    
 Don’t go alone!   
  30 attendees are in—find your event partner!    

 Complete your event journey   

 Network   
     
 Broadcast   
     
 Plan   
     
 Attend   
     
 Feedback   

 Related Events  
  
 Jan 13 2025 | BioLogic Summit    
  San Diego, USA 
 Feb 15 2025 | AI Revolution in Healthcare Summit Dubai    
  Dubai, UAE 
 Mar 11 2025 | International Precision Med TRI-CON    
  San Diego, USA 
 Jan 09 2025 | International Conference on Smart Data Intelligence   
  Tholurpatti, India 
 Mar 05 2025 | Future Industry Virtual Global Event   
  Online 

 More Events in Warsaw  
  
 Mar 01 2025 | Beauty Forum & Hair   
  Warsaw, Poland 
 Mar 07 2025 | Poland International Education Fair   
  Warsaw, Poland 
 Mar 19 2025 | Next Block Expo The Blockchain Festival of Europe   
  Warsaw, Poland 
 May 13 2025 | Chemistry and Automotive   
  Warsaw, Poland 
 May 14 2025 | International Fair Petrol Station   
  Warsaw, Poland 

  All Events in Warsaw   
  
 Featured Hotels in Warsaw  
  
 Loft Car Factory   
   from PLN 204.82 
 West Room & Restaurant   
   from PLN 180 
 Airport Hotel Okęcie   
     from PLN 449.1 
 a&o Warszawa Wola   
   from PLN 282.51 
  
 More Hotels    

   All Events 
  Conferences 
  Computer & Gadgets Conferences 
  Computer & Gadgets Events in Poland 
  Computer & Gadgets Events in Warsaw 

                                            Loading...   

  Selected    

  About Us  FOR PARTNERS  Event Data Intelligence  BROWSE    
 Career | Join us  Event Management Software  List Event | Partner Login  All Events  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Media & Press Releases  Event Apps  Event Marketing  Trade Shows  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Help Center | FAQ  Event Website  Testimonials  Conferences  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Feedback  Event Venues  Blog  Companies    
  By continuing past this page, you agree to our Terms of Service  , Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy  and Content Policies. All trademarks are properties of their respective owners   
 © 2014-2024 - Ten Times Online Private Limited. All rights reserved.    

           
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

25. Conference ICDCN_0:
ICDCN 2025   Menu  Home 
  Submissions | Call for Paper 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorial 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Program | Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Participate | Registration 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization | Organization Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  Sponsorship 

 In-Cooperation with   
      
 26th International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking   
  4-7 January 2025 - IIT Hyderabad  

 Where  
 Dept. of Computer Science & Engineering  
  Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad,  
  Kandi-502284,  
  Sangareddy, Telangana, India  

 When  
 From January 4th to 7th, 2025.  

 Important Dates  
 Camera-ready Papers Deadline: October 30, 2024  

 USEFUL LINKS  
 Keynote Speakers   
  Camera Ready Instructions   
  Accepted Papers   

 About the Event  
   
 The International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN) is a premier international conference dedicated to addressing advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. The 26th edition and will be held in IIT Hyderabd in Hyderabad, India. ICDCN is a leading forum for disseminating the latest research results in distributed computing and networking and this year's edition will consist of a highly selective technical program consisting of refereed regular papers, workshops, tutorials, posters, demos, and a doctoral symposium.  

 Keynote Speakers  

 Prof. Allan Borodin   
 University Professor at the University of Toronto, Canada    

 Prof. Ness B Shroff   
 Chaired Professor of ECE and CSE, The Ohio State University, USA    

 Prof. Idit Keidar   
 Chaired Professor & Dean of the Viterbi Faculty of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Technion – Israeli Institute of Technology, Israeli .    

 ICDCN 2025 Sponsors  

 Banquet Sponsor  
  Marvell Technologies  
   
 Platinum Sponsor  
  Qualcomm  
   
 Gold Sponsor  
  ACM SigAct  
   
 Silver Sponsor  
  Indian Association for Research in Computing Science  
   
 Silver Sponsor  
  Tihan  

 Gallery  

  Hyderabad City   

  IIT Hyderabad   

  Convention Center   

  International Guesthouse   

 Copyright © 2024 IIT Hyderabad | Designed by Colorlib   

  
Call for papers data: 
ICDCN 2025   Menu  Home 
  Submissions | Call for Paper 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorial 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Program | Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Participate | Registration 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization | Organization Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  Sponsorship 

 Call for Paper  
 Home    Submissions    

 Call for Papers  
 The International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN) is a premier international conference dedicated to addressing advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. The 26th edition of ICDCN will be held at the Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (IITH), India, from January 4th to 7th, 2025. The highly selective technical program will consist of refereed papers, workshops, tutorials, posters, demos, and a doctoral symposium.  
   
 Scope  
 Papers describing original research work and practical experiences/experimental results are solicited on topics that include, but are not limited to, the following.  
 Distributed Computing Topics of Interest | Cloud Computing and Big Data Processing 
  Concurrency, Synchronization, and Persistence 
  Distributed Algorithms: Design, Analysis, and Complexity 
  Distributed Computing Aspects of Blockchains 
  Distributed Graph Algorithms 
  Distributed Embedded Systems 
  Distributed Operating Systems, Storage and Database Systems 
  Distributed Quantum Computing 
  Edge Computing and Mobile Offloading 
  Fault-tolerance, Reliability, and Availability of Distributed Systems 
  Formal Methods for Distributed Systems 
  High performance Computing and Grid Computing 
  Machine Learning in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Pervasive and Mobile Computing 
  Scalable Distributed Systems 
  Secure Multi-Party Computation 
  Security, Privacy and Game Theory in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Self-organization, Self-stabilization, and Autonomic Computing 
  Social Networks 
  Networks Topics of Interest | AI in Communication and Computer Networks 
  Backscatter and Ultra-low Power Networks 
  Challenging Network Environments 
  Cognitive Networking 
  D2D, Sensor, PAN and Mesh Networks 
  Mobile Wireless Networks (5G/6G) 
  Digital Continuum 
  Edge and Fog Networking 
  Emerging Topics in Networks 
  Energy-efficient Networking 
  Information-centric and Content-based Networking 
  Intent-based Networking and Zero-configuration Networks 
  Interdisciplinary Approaches in Networking 
  Internet of Things and Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Internetworking Protocols & Internet Applications 
  Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking 
  Networking and Computing for Sustainability, Society, and Development 
  Next-generation Networks and Services 
  Pervasive Networking and Sensing 
  Pricing and Network Economics 
  Public Safety Computing Systems 
  Quantum Network Protocols 
  Security, Privacy, Trust, and Game Theory in Networking 
  AI for Network Security 
  Social Networks 
  UAV Networks and Mobile Robots 
  Vehicular Networks, Smart Grids and Smart City Applications 
  Proceedings  
 The proceedings of ICDCN 2025 along with all the satellite events (posters, demo, workshops, etc.) will be published by The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS), which is indexed by ACM, DBLP, Scopus, and other indexing bodies. The proceedings will be available through the ACM digital library.  
 Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model  
 ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program  and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance.   
 Further information may be found on the ACM website, as follows:  
 Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq.   
  Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess.   
  Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org.   
 Special Issue  
 Extended versions of selected papers will be invited for fast-track publications in the Theoretical Computer Science (TCS) Journal or in Elsevier's Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC) Journal.  
 Best Paper Award  
 The conference will assign a Best Paper Award.  
 Important Dates  
 (All the deadlines are in AoE)  
 Paper submission: | July 25, 2024 | August 16, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Notifications: | September 27, 2024 | October 1, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Camera-ready Papers Deadline: October 30, 2024 
  Submission Instructions  
 All submissions must use the official LaTeX ACM article template acmart.cls, version of 1.80 or greater, using the following documentclass instruction: \documentclass[sigconf,authordraft]{acmart}. 
  Regular Papers should not exceed 10 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. Regular papers may include a clearly marked Appendix with all the additional details required to validate the results (including technical proofs and experimental results that did not fit into the first 10 pages). 
  Short Papers must not exceed 5 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. 
  At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper. All papers must be submitted through the EasyChair portal.  
 Paper submission link:  
 https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdcn2025   
 The use of generative AI software tools is permitted subject to the following requirements  
 The AI systems have not been used to plagiarize, misrepresent, or falsify content. 
  The resulting work, in its entirety, accurately represents the authors' original research and novel intellectual contributions, and is not primarily the result of the AI tool's generative capabilities. 
  The authors accept full responsibility for the veracity and correctness of all material in their work, including any content generated by AI tools. 
  Note that all submissions will be checked using suitable AI content detectors  
 Double-Blind Reviewing  
 The conference will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear anywhere in the submission. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. Use the third person to refer to the author's previous work, e.g., replace "as we have shown before" with "as shown before in [X]."  
 In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas. Authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing are encouraged to contact the PC Co-Chairs by email at icdcn2025-tpc-chairs@iit.cnr.it.  
 Conflict of Interest  
 Indications of conflicts of interest will be required in the submission form. A conflict of interest is limited to the following:  
 A family member or close friend. 
  A Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or a postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  A person with the same affiliation. 
  A person involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Frequent collaborators, or collaborators who have jointly published papers within the last two years. 
  If you feel that you have a valid reason for a conflict of interest not listed above, contact the PC Co-Chairs.  

 Copyright © 2024 IIT Hyderabad | Designed by Colorlib   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

26. Conference ICDCN_1:
ICDCN 2025   Menu  Home 
  Submissions | Call for Paper 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorial 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Program | Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Participate | Registration 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization | Organization Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  Sponsorship 

 Call for Paper  
 Home    Submissions    

 Call for Papers  
 The International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN) is a premier international conference dedicated to addressing advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. The 26th edition of ICDCN will be held at the Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (IITH), India, from January 4th to 7th, 2025. The highly selective technical program will consist of refereed papers, workshops, tutorials, posters, demos, and a doctoral symposium.  
   
 Scope  
 Papers describing original research work and practical experiences/experimental results are solicited on topics that include, but are not limited to, the following.  
 Distributed Computing Topics of Interest | Cloud Computing and Big Data Processing 
  Concurrency, Synchronization, and Persistence 
  Distributed Algorithms: Design, Analysis, and Complexity 
  Distributed Computing Aspects of Blockchains 
  Distributed Graph Algorithms 
  Distributed Embedded Systems 
  Distributed Operating Systems, Storage and Database Systems 
  Distributed Quantum Computing 
  Edge Computing and Mobile Offloading 
  Fault-tolerance, Reliability, and Availability of Distributed Systems 
  Formal Methods for Distributed Systems 
  High performance Computing and Grid Computing 
  Machine Learning in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Pervasive and Mobile Computing 
  Scalable Distributed Systems 
  Secure Multi-Party Computation 
  Security, Privacy and Game Theory in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Self-organization, Self-stabilization, and Autonomic Computing 
  Social Networks 
  Networks Topics of Interest | AI in Communication and Computer Networks 
  Backscatter and Ultra-low Power Networks 
  Challenging Network Environments 
  Cognitive Networking 
  D2D, Sensor, PAN and Mesh Networks 
  Mobile Wireless Networks (5G/6G) 
  Digital Continuum 
  Edge and Fog Networking 
  Emerging Topics in Networks 
  Energy-efficient Networking 
  Information-centric and Content-based Networking 
  Intent-based Networking and Zero-configuration Networks 
  Interdisciplinary Approaches in Networking 
  Internet of Things and Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Internetworking Protocols & Internet Applications 
  Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking 
  Networking and Computing for Sustainability, Society, and Development 
  Next-generation Networks and Services 
  Pervasive Networking and Sensing 
  Pricing and Network Economics 
  Public Safety Computing Systems 
  Quantum Network Protocols 
  Security, Privacy, Trust, and Game Theory in Networking 
  AI for Network Security 
  Social Networks 
  UAV Networks and Mobile Robots 
  Vehicular Networks, Smart Grids and Smart City Applications 
  Proceedings  
 The proceedings of ICDCN 2025 along with all the satellite events (posters, demo, workshops, etc.) will be published by The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS), which is indexed by ACM, DBLP, Scopus, and other indexing bodies. The proceedings will be available through the ACM digital library.  
 Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model  
 ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program  and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance.   
 Further information may be found on the ACM website, as follows:  
 Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq.   
  Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess.   
  Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org.   
 Special Issue  
 Extended versions of selected papers will be invited for fast-track publications in the Theoretical Computer Science (TCS) Journal or in Elsevier's Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC) Journal.  
 Best Paper Award  
 The conference will assign a Best Paper Award.  
 Important Dates  
 (All the deadlines are in AoE)  
 Paper submission: | July 25, 2024 | August 16, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Notifications: | September 27, 2024 | October 1, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Camera-ready Papers Deadline: October 30, 2024 
  Submission Instructions  
 All submissions must use the official LaTeX ACM article template acmart.cls, version of 1.80 or greater, using the following documentclass instruction: \documentclass[sigconf,authordraft]{acmart}. 
  Regular Papers should not exceed 10 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. Regular papers may include a clearly marked Appendix with all the additional details required to validate the results (including technical proofs and experimental results that did not fit into the first 10 pages). 
  Short Papers must not exceed 5 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. 
  At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper. All papers must be submitted through the EasyChair portal.  
 Paper submission link:  
 https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdcn2025   
 The use of generative AI software tools is permitted subject to the following requirements  
 The AI systems have not been used to plagiarize, misrepresent, or falsify content. 
  The resulting work, in its entirety, accurately represents the authors' original research and novel intellectual contributions, and is not primarily the result of the AI tool's generative capabilities. 
  The authors accept full responsibility for the veracity and correctness of all material in their work, including any content generated by AI tools. 
  Note that all submissions will be checked using suitable AI content detectors  
 Double-Blind Reviewing  
 The conference will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear anywhere in the submission. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. Use the third person to refer to the author's previous work, e.g., replace "as we have shown before" with "as shown before in [X]."  
 In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas. Authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing are encouraged to contact the PC Co-Chairs by email at icdcn2025-tpc-chairs@iit.cnr.it.  
 Conflict of Interest  
 Indications of conflicts of interest will be required in the submission form. A conflict of interest is limited to the following:  
 A family member or close friend. 
  A Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or a postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  A person with the same affiliation. 
  A person involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Frequent collaborators, or collaborators who have jointly published papers within the last two years. 
  If you feel that you have a valid reason for a conflict of interest not listed above, contact the PC Co-Chairs.  

 Copyright © 2024 IIT Hyderabad | Designed by Colorlib   

  
Call for papers data: 
ICDCN 2025   Menu  Home 
  Submissions | Call for Paper 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorial 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Program | Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Participate | Registration 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization | Organization Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  Sponsorship 

 Call for Paper  
 Home    Submissions    

 Call for Papers  
 The International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN) is a premier international conference dedicated to addressing advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. The 26th edition of ICDCN will be held at the Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (IITH), India, from January 4th to 7th, 2025. The highly selective technical program will consist of refereed papers, workshops, tutorials, posters, demos, and a doctoral symposium.  
   
 Scope  
 Papers describing original research work and practical experiences/experimental results are solicited on topics that include, but are not limited to, the following.  
 Distributed Computing Topics of Interest | Cloud Computing and Big Data Processing 
  Concurrency, Synchronization, and Persistence 
  Distributed Algorithms: Design, Analysis, and Complexity 
  Distributed Computing Aspects of Blockchains 
  Distributed Graph Algorithms 
  Distributed Embedded Systems 
  Distributed Operating Systems, Storage and Database Systems 
  Distributed Quantum Computing 
  Edge Computing and Mobile Offloading 
  Fault-tolerance, Reliability, and Availability of Distributed Systems 
  Formal Methods for Distributed Systems 
  High performance Computing and Grid Computing 
  Machine Learning in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Pervasive and Mobile Computing 
  Scalable Distributed Systems 
  Secure Multi-Party Computation 
  Security, Privacy and Game Theory in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Self-organization, Self-stabilization, and Autonomic Computing 
  Social Networks 
  Networks Topics of Interest | AI in Communication and Computer Networks 
  Backscatter and Ultra-low Power Networks 
  Challenging Network Environments 
  Cognitive Networking 
  D2D, Sensor, PAN and Mesh Networks 
  Mobile Wireless Networks (5G/6G) 
  Digital Continuum 
  Edge and Fog Networking 
  Emerging Topics in Networks 
  Energy-efficient Networking 
  Information-centric and Content-based Networking 
  Intent-based Networking and Zero-configuration Networks 
  Interdisciplinary Approaches in Networking 
  Internet of Things and Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Internetworking Protocols & Internet Applications 
  Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking 
  Networking and Computing for Sustainability, Society, and Development 
  Next-generation Networks and Services 
  Pervasive Networking and Sensing 
  Pricing and Network Economics 
  Public Safety Computing Systems 
  Quantum Network Protocols 
  Security, Privacy, Trust, and Game Theory in Networking 
  AI for Network Security 
  Social Networks 
  UAV Networks and Mobile Robots 
  Vehicular Networks, Smart Grids and Smart City Applications 
  Proceedings  
 The proceedings of ICDCN 2025 along with all the satellite events (posters, demo, workshops, etc.) will be published by The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS), which is indexed by ACM, DBLP, Scopus, and other indexing bodies. The proceedings will be available through the ACM digital library.  
 Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model  
 ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program  and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance.   
 Further information may be found on the ACM website, as follows:  
 Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq.   
  Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess.   
  Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org.   
 Special Issue  
 Extended versions of selected papers will be invited for fast-track publications in the Theoretical Computer Science (TCS) Journal or in Elsevier's Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC) Journal.  
 Best Paper Award  
 The conference will assign a Best Paper Award.  
 Important Dates  
 (All the deadlines are in AoE)  
 Paper submission: | July 25, 2024 | August 16, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Notifications: | September 27, 2024 | October 1, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Camera-ready Papers Deadline: October 30, 2024 
  Submission Instructions  
 All submissions must use the official LaTeX ACM article template acmart.cls, version of 1.80 or greater, using the following documentclass instruction: \documentclass[sigconf,authordraft]{acmart}. 
  Regular Papers should not exceed 10 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. Regular papers may include a clearly marked Appendix with all the additional details required to validate the results (including technical proofs and experimental results that did not fit into the first 10 pages). 
  Short Papers must not exceed 5 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. 
  At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper. All papers must be submitted through the EasyChair portal.  
 Paper submission link:  
 https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdcn2025   
 The use of generative AI software tools is permitted subject to the following requirements  
 The AI systems have not been used to plagiarize, misrepresent, or falsify content. 
  The resulting work, in its entirety, accurately represents the authors' original research and novel intellectual contributions, and is not primarily the result of the AI tool's generative capabilities. 
  The authors accept full responsibility for the veracity and correctness of all material in their work, including any content generated by AI tools. 
  Note that all submissions will be checked using suitable AI content detectors  
 Double-Blind Reviewing  
 The conference will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear anywhere in the submission. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. Use the third person to refer to the author's previous work, e.g., replace "as we have shown before" with "as shown before in [X]."  
 In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas. Authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing are encouraged to contact the PC Co-Chairs by email at icdcn2025-tpc-chairs@iit.cnr.it.  
 Conflict of Interest  
 Indications of conflicts of interest will be required in the submission form. A conflict of interest is limited to the following:  
 A family member or close friend. 
  A Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or a postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  A person with the same affiliation. 
  A person involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Frequent collaborators, or collaborators who have jointly published papers within the last two years. 
  If you feel that you have a valid reason for a conflict of interest not listed above, contact the PC Co-Chairs.  

 Copyright © 2024 IIT Hyderabad | Designed by Colorlib   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

27. Conference ICDCN_2:
ICDCN 2025   Menu  Home 
  Submissions | Call for Paper 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorial 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Program | Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Participate | Registration 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization | Organization Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  Sponsorship 

 Call for Workshops  
 Home    Workshops    

 Call for Workshop  
 We are happy to announce that the 26th edition of the International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN 2025) will be held at IIT Hyderabad, India, from 4th – 7th January 2025.  
 The Organizing Committee invites proposals for one-day or half-day workshops affiliated with the conference. Workshops should emphasize current topics of interest within the broader areas of Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. Some of the topics of interest are mentioned below, but not limited to:  
   
 5G and Beyond 
  Ad-hoc, Sensor, PAN and Mesh Networks 
  Backscatter and Ultra-low Power Networks 
  Biological Distributed Algorithms 
  Blockchains 
  Cloud Computing and Big Data Processing 
  Cognitive Networking 
  Disaster response 
  Distributed AI/ML 
  Distributed Data-Analytics 
  Distributed game theory 
  Energy and Sustainability 
  Edge, Fog Computing and Mobile Offloading 
  Fault-tolerance, Reliability, and Availability of Distributed Systems 
  Federated Learning 
  Internet of Things and Cyber-Physical systems 
  Mobile Crowdsensing and Social Network Analysis and Mining 
  Next-generation internet 
  Pervasive and Mobile Computing 
  Peer-to-Peer Networks - Architectures and Algorithms 
  Security, Privacy and Game Theory in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Smart City Applications 
  Self-* (Self-organization, Self-stabilization, Self-healing etc) and Autonomic Computing 
  Unmanned Aerial Vehicles 
  Vehicular Networks 
  The workshops may include a mix of regular papers, invited presentations and panels that encourage the participation of attendees in active discussion. The purpose of these workshops is to provide a platform for presenting new ideas in a generally more focused area than the main conference. The objective of these workshops is to enable stimulating discussions on state-of-the-art, emerging, visionary, and perhaps controversial topics. Workshops should be organized to promote such lively interaction. Plans to promote interaction and discussion should be clearly addressed in workshop proposals. It is expected that workshop papers will be published along with the main conference papers as part of the ACM International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS) and will be indexed by the ACM Digital Library, subject to pending ACM approval. Workshop organisers should follow ACM Peer Review Policy  while accepting papers.  
 New Open Access Publishing Model for ACM  
 Please note that ACM has moved to a new open access publishing model for all conference proceedings to be published via ACM ICPS. The authors have to pay an Article Processing Charge (APC) to ACM (which is beyond the regular conference registration fee) if the corresponding author’s organization is not a member of the ACM Open program. Please check the details through this link: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance.  Several institutes across the globe are already members of the ACM Open program. The authors can use the following link to check if their organization is a member under the ACM Open program: https://libraries.acm.org/acmopen/open-participants.  For any clarifications, please contact icps-info@acm.org.   
 Format of the Proposal  
 Each workshop proposal (maximum 5 pages) must include  
 Title of the workshop 
  Description of the technical issues covered, emphasizing the timeliness of the proposed workshop (1-page maximum) 
  Workshop Organizers (names, affiliation and contact information), limiting up to 2 workshop chairs for a half-day workshop and 3 workshop chairs for a full-day workshop 
  A short biography of the organizers (up to 200 words) 
  Names of potential participants, such as program committee members and invited speakers (an indication that speakers accepted to participate is a plus) 
  Planned format of the workshop, including: 
  Duration of the workshop: Half-day, Full-day and tentative schedule 
  Preferred day of the workshop: Before or after the conference 
  Number of refereed papers, hot topic sessions, keynotes, panels 
  Unique, creative and novel workshops formats are strongly encouraged 
  Draft Call for Papers 
  A description of the publicity and promotion plan 
  Workshop potential website address (if available at the time of the proposal - will be required later if the workshop proposal is accepted) 
  If appropriate, a description of past versions of the workshop, including the number of submitted and accepted papers, number of attendees, etc. 
  In order to ensure the quality of the accepted papers in ICDCN, the ICDCN steering committee set an upper limit of 40% on the acceptance rate for ICDCN Workshop papers. Hence, it is desirable for the organizers of the accepted workshops to adhere to that acceptance rate for their respective workshops. Also workshop organisers are not encouraged to submit papers in their own workshop.  
 Timelines for the Workshop  
 The proposals should be submitted (in PDF format) no later than July 10, 2024, to the ICDCN 2024 Workshop chairs with “ICDCN 2025 Workshop Proposal” in the subject.  
 Proposal Deadline: July 10th, 2024 
  Notification of Selection: July 15th, 2024 
  Opening of Workshop Papers for Acceptance: July 23rd, 2024 
  Deadline for Workshop Papers: September 15th, 2024 
  Decision on Acceptance/Rejection of the Workshop Papers: October 6th, 2024 (hard deadline) 
  Camera-Ready Papers Version Due: October 20th, 2024 (hard deadline) 
  For further queries please write to Amitabh Trehan  amitabh.trehan@durham.ac.uk  and Punyasha Chatterjee  punyasha.chatterjee@jadavpuruniversity.in   

 Copyright © 2024 IIT Hyderabad | Designed by Colorlib   

  
Call for papers data: 
ICDCN 2025   Menu  Home 
  Submissions | Call for Paper 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorial 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Program | Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Participate | Registration 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization | Organization Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  Sponsorship 

 Call for Paper  
 Home    Submissions    

 Call for Papers  
 The International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN) is a premier international conference dedicated to addressing advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. The 26th edition of ICDCN will be held at the Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (IITH), India, from January 4th to 7th, 2025. The highly selective technical program will consist of refereed papers, workshops, tutorials, posters, demos, and a doctoral symposium.  
   
 Scope  
 Papers describing original research work and practical experiences/experimental results are solicited on topics that include, but are not limited to, the following.  
 Distributed Computing Topics of Interest | Cloud Computing and Big Data Processing 
  Concurrency, Synchronization, and Persistence 
  Distributed Algorithms: Design, Analysis, and Complexity 
  Distributed Computing Aspects of Blockchains 
  Distributed Graph Algorithms 
  Distributed Embedded Systems 
  Distributed Operating Systems, Storage and Database Systems 
  Distributed Quantum Computing 
  Edge Computing and Mobile Offloading 
  Fault-tolerance, Reliability, and Availability of Distributed Systems 
  Formal Methods for Distributed Systems 
  High performance Computing and Grid Computing 
  Machine Learning in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Pervasive and Mobile Computing 
  Scalable Distributed Systems 
  Secure Multi-Party Computation 
  Security, Privacy and Game Theory in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Self-organization, Self-stabilization, and Autonomic Computing 
  Social Networks 
  Networks Topics of Interest | AI in Communication and Computer Networks 
  Backscatter and Ultra-low Power Networks 
  Challenging Network Environments 
  Cognitive Networking 
  D2D, Sensor, PAN and Mesh Networks 
  Mobile Wireless Networks (5G/6G) 
  Digital Continuum 
  Edge and Fog Networking 
  Emerging Topics in Networks 
  Energy-efficient Networking 
  Information-centric and Content-based Networking 
  Intent-based Networking and Zero-configuration Networks 
  Interdisciplinary Approaches in Networking 
  Internet of Things and Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Internetworking Protocols & Internet Applications 
  Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking 
  Networking and Computing for Sustainability, Society, and Development 
  Next-generation Networks and Services 
  Pervasive Networking and Sensing 
  Pricing and Network Economics 
  Public Safety Computing Systems 
  Quantum Network Protocols 
  Security, Privacy, Trust, and Game Theory in Networking 
  AI for Network Security 
  Social Networks 
  UAV Networks and Mobile Robots 
  Vehicular Networks, Smart Grids and Smart City Applications 
  Proceedings  
 The proceedings of ICDCN 2025 along with all the satellite events (posters, demo, workshops, etc.) will be published by The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS), which is indexed by ACM, DBLP, Scopus, and other indexing bodies. The proceedings will be available through the ACM digital library.  
 Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model  
 ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program  and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance.   
 Further information may be found on the ACM website, as follows:  
 Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq.   
  Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess.   
  Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org.   
 Special Issue  
 Extended versions of selected papers will be invited for fast-track publications in the Theoretical Computer Science (TCS) Journal or in Elsevier's Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC) Journal.  
 Best Paper Award  
 The conference will assign a Best Paper Award.  
 Important Dates  
 (All the deadlines are in AoE)  
 Paper submission: | July 25, 2024 | August 16, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Notifications: | September 27, 2024 | October 1, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Camera-ready Papers Deadline: October 30, 2024 
  Submission Instructions  
 All submissions must use the official LaTeX ACM article template acmart.cls, version of 1.80 or greater, using the following documentclass instruction: \documentclass[sigconf,authordraft]{acmart}. 
  Regular Papers should not exceed 10 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. Regular papers may include a clearly marked Appendix with all the additional details required to validate the results (including technical proofs and experimental results that did not fit into the first 10 pages). 
  Short Papers must not exceed 5 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. 
  At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper. All papers must be submitted through the EasyChair portal.  
 Paper submission link:  
 https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdcn2025   
 The use of generative AI software tools is permitted subject to the following requirements  
 The AI systems have not been used to plagiarize, misrepresent, or falsify content. 
  The resulting work, in its entirety, accurately represents the authors' original research and novel intellectual contributions, and is not primarily the result of the AI tool's generative capabilities. 
  The authors accept full responsibility for the veracity and correctness of all material in their work, including any content generated by AI tools. 
  Note that all submissions will be checked using suitable AI content detectors  
 Double-Blind Reviewing  
 The conference will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear anywhere in the submission. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. Use the third person to refer to the author's previous work, e.g., replace "as we have shown before" with "as shown before in [X]."  
 In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas. Authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing are encouraged to contact the PC Co-Chairs by email at icdcn2025-tpc-chairs@iit.cnr.it.  
 Conflict of Interest  
 Indications of conflicts of interest will be required in the submission form. A conflict of interest is limited to the following:  
 A family member or close friend. 
  A Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or a postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  A person with the same affiliation. 
  A person involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Frequent collaborators, or collaborators who have jointly published papers within the last two years. 
  If you feel that you have a valid reason for a conflict of interest not listed above, contact the PC Co-Chairs.  

 Copyright © 2024 IIT Hyderabad | Designed by Colorlib   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

28. Conference ICDCS_0:
Skip to primary content    
 IEEE ICDCS 2025    
 45th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Chairs 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Event Papers 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Camera-Ready 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Hotel/Travel | Accommodation 
  Experience Glasgow 
  Venue 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  IEEE Policies | IEEE Code of Ethics 
  IEEE Policy on AI-Generated Text 

 Welcome to IEEE ICDCS 2025  

 The 45th IEEE ICDCS 2025 will be held in person, and we are looking forward to seeing you in Glasgow, Scotland!   

 The annual IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems (ICDCS) is a premier international forum for researchers, developers and users to present, discuss and exchange the cutting edge ideas and latest findings on topics related to any aspects of Distributed Computing Systems. ICDCS 2025 is held in the vibrant and compact city of Glasgow, Scotland.  

 We invite you to submit your original contributions to ICDCS 2025.  

 Important Dates  (Time zone: Anywhere on Earth (  AoE  ))   

 Submission | Notification | Camera-ready 
 Research Papers | Abstracts: December 4, 2024   
 Extended to December 11, 2024 | April 2, 2025 | April 16, 2025 
 Papers: December 11, 2024   
 Extended to December 18, 2024 

 In Conjunction Events  

 Submission | Notification | Camera-ready 
 Workshop Proposals | November 27, 2024 | January 15, 2025 | April 16, 2025 
 Doctoral Consortium | February 26, 2025 | April 2, 2025 | April 16, 2025 
 Tutorial Proposals | February 26, 2025 | April 2, 2025 | – 
 Posters | Abstracts: January 15, 2025 | April 2, 2025 | April 16, 2025 
 Papers: January 22, 2025 
 Demonstrations | January 22, 2025 | April 2, 2025 | April 16, 2025 
 Industry Events | February 12, 2025 | April 2, 2025 | April 16, 2025 

 Note:  All  authors and contributors should adhere to ethics and professional standards of IEEE. Please refer to  IEEE Code of Ethics  and  IEEE Policy of AI-Generated Text.    

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin              

 Sponsors  

 Supporters  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to primary content    
 IEEE ICDCS 2025    
 45th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Chairs 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Event Papers 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Camera-Ready 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Hotel/Travel | Accommodation 
  Experience Glasgow 
  Venue 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  IEEE Policies | IEEE Code of Ethics 
  IEEE Policy on AI-Generated Text 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Scope    

 The 45 th  IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems (IEEE ICDCS 2025) is the premier international forum for researchers and practitioners to present, discuss and exchange cutting edge ideas as well as the latest findings on topics related to all aspects of distributed computing systems. The conference will be held over July 20-23 rd  , 2025 in Glasgow, Scotland, UK. We invite you to submit original contributions to IEEE ICDCS 2025.  

 Papers can be submitted to one of the following tracks:  

  Cloud Computing 

  Distributed Algorithms 

  Big Data, Models & Systems 

  Distributed Fault Tolerance 

  Distributed OS and Middleware 

  Edge Computing 

  IoT + CPS 

  Mobile Computing 

  Security, Privacy and Trust 

  Blockchains/Databases 

  Distributed Systems for AI/ML 

  AI/ML for Distributed Systems 

  Deployed/Emergent Applications & Infrastructures 

 Paper Submission   

 The Paper strand provides  the opportunity for researchers to present their new state-of-the-art research in Distributed Computing Systems, which makes, or has the potential to make, a significant contribution to the field.  

 Papers must be original and unpublished and must not be submitted concurrently for publication elsewhere. All paper submissions should follow the IEEE 8.5″ x 11″ two-column format using 10pt fonts and the IEEE Conference template (downloadable by selecting “Conferences” in the IEEE-Template Selector https://template-selector.ieee.org/  ). Each submission can have up to eleven (11) pages  (including figures, tables, appendices, and references). Papers exceeding this page limit or with smaller fonts will be desk-rejected without review.  

 The paper review process is double-blind. Authors are required to take all reasonable steps to preserve the anonymity of their submission. The submission must not include author information and must not include citations or discussion of related work that would make the authorship apparent. While authors can upload their paper to institutional or other preprint repositories such as arXiv.org before reviewing is complete, we generally discourage this since it places anonymity at risk. If authors decide to upload their paper to a preprint site, they must make sure that the title and abstract of their submission to ICDCS are different from the title and abstract of the preprint version, so that it is not immediately obvious that the two versions are by the same authors and with the same content. To encourage reproducibility, we encourage the authors, whenever it is possible, to include in their paper a link to an anonymised GitHub repository with all source code, scripts and data needed for the reproduction of their results.  

 For each accepted paper, at least one author is required to pay a full author registration and attend the conference in-person to present their work on-site. Any no-show papers will be reported to the publisher and removed from the conference proceedings. For authors with multiple papers accepted by the conference, a separate author registration is required for each paper.  

 Note that the authors should adhere to ethic and professional standards of IEEE. Please refer to IEEE Code of Ethics  and IEEE Policy of AI-Generated Text.   

 Note  : A set of highly selected IEEE ICDCS 2025 papers will be considered for publication in the IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS)  . The selected papers will undergo an extension process, transforming them from their initial IEEE ICDCS conference format. These extended versions will then be subject to a review by an editor from IEEE TPDS.  

 Paper Deadline Dates  (Time zone: Anywhere on Earth ( AoE  ))  

 Paper Submission Website: | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icdcs2025  (Submission portal opens on 1 November 2024) 
 Paper Abstract Registration: | 4 December 2024   Extended to 11 December, 2024 
 Paper Submission Due: | 11 December 2024   Extended to 18 December, 2024 
 Author Notification: | 2 April 2025 
 Camera-Ready Submission: | 16 April 2025 
  
 For inquiries regarding the Call for  Papers  , email: icdcs2025@easychair.org      
  
 Program Chairs   
 Songqing Chen, George Mason University, USA  
  Neeraj Suri, Lancaster University, UK   

 General Chairs   

 Christos Anagnostopoulos, University of Glasgow, UK  
  Iadh Ounis, University of Glasgow, UK  

 Sponsors  

 Supporters  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

29. Conference ICDCN_3:
ICDCN 2025   Menu  Home 
  Submissions | Call for Paper 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorial 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Program | Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Participate | Registration 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization | Organization Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  Sponsorship 

 Call for Posters and Demos  
 Home    Submissions    

 Call for Posters and Demos  
 ICDCN 2025, the 26th International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking,  welcomes exciting posters and demos showing promising early research works on novel distributed computing and networking technologies and applications. We seek participation from both industry and academia. Selection of the posters and demos will be based on a short abstract, evaluated based on technical merit and innovation as well as the potential to stimulate interesting discussions and exchange of ideas at the conference. The poster session is meant to introduce new or ongoing work and provide opportunities for authors to interact directly with attendees. Selected posters and demos must be presented in person and there will be no remote presentation available.   
   
 Topics of Interest  
 We welcome all topics that align with the ICDCN main conference topics of interest. See: https://cse.iith.ac.in/icdcn-2025/call_for_paper.html   
 Poster and demo Abstract  
 Poster and demo abstracts should report on research work where at least some preliminary results are available, but they need not necessarily describe completed work. An easel will be provided for all posters. All poster abstract submissions must strictly adhere to the formatting guidelines specified below.  
 Submission and Formatting Instructions  
 Poster submissions should be no more than 2 pages  and must follow a double-column format. All figures, appendices, and references must fit within this limit. Paper reviewing is single-blind, and submissions should list author names, affiliations and emails on the front page. Your submission must be in PDF format with all fonts embedded and be formatted according to the official ACM Proceedings format. Submissions that do not meet the page limit, size, and formatting requirements will not be reviewed. Word and LaTeX templates are available here.  Please note that ACM uses 9-pt fonts in all conference proceedings, and the style (both LaTeX and Word) implicitly define the font size to be 9- pt. Page limit for camera ready submission is 2 pages including references.   
 Submission: https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdcn2025   
 Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model  
 ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model  for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program  and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance.   
 Further information may be found on the ACM website, as follows:  
 Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq.   
 Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess.   
 Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org.   
 Acceptance and Presentation Information  
 At least one author of each accepted poster must register for the conference designated rates and present the poster in person.  
 Important Dates and Submission Link  
 At least one author of each accepted poster must register for the conference designated rates and present the poster in person.  
 Submission Deadline: | September 23, 2024 | October 07 2024, 11:59:59pm AoE 
  Notification of acceptance: | October 07, 2024 | October 21, 2024, 11:59:59pm AoE 
  Camera-ready Submission: | October 21, 2024 | November 04, 2024, 11:59:59pm AoE 
  Submission site: | https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdcn2025 
   
 If you have any questions, please contact the poster and demo chairs: Suchetana Chakraborty, Indian Institute of Technology, Jodhpur, India.  suchetana@iitj.ac.in  and Shantanu Pal, Deakin University, Melbourne, Australia.  shantanu.pal@deakin.edu.au   
  
 Review Committee  
  
 Rohit Verma, Intel Research Labs, India 
  Arnab Paul, BITS Pilani, India 
  Anurag Satpathy, Missouri University of Science and Technology, USA 
  Sougata Sen, BITS Pilani, India 
  Eirini Tsiropoulou, University of New Mexico, USA 
  Marios Avgeris, University of Amsterdam, Netherlands 
  Hirozumi Yamaguchi, Osaka University, Japan 
  Anirban Das, NIIT University, India 

 Copyright © 2024 IIT Hyderabad | Designed by Colorlib   

  
Call for papers data: 
ICDCN 2025   Menu  Home 
  Submissions | Call for Paper 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Tutorial 
  Call for Posters and Demos 
  Call for Doctoral Symposium 
  Camera-ready instructions 
  Program | Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Participate | Registration 
  Venue & Accommodation 
  Travel Grants 
  Organization | Organization Committee 
  Technical Program Committee 
  Workshops 
  Sponsorship 

 Call for Paper  
 Home    Submissions    

 Call for Papers  
 The International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN) is a premier international conference dedicated to addressing advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. The 26th edition of ICDCN will be held at the Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad (IITH), India, from January 4th to 7th, 2025. The highly selective technical program will consist of refereed papers, workshops, tutorials, posters, demos, and a doctoral symposium.  
   
 Scope  
 Papers describing original research work and practical experiences/experimental results are solicited on topics that include, but are not limited to, the following.  
 Distributed Computing Topics of Interest | Cloud Computing and Big Data Processing 
  Concurrency, Synchronization, and Persistence 
  Distributed Algorithms: Design, Analysis, and Complexity 
  Distributed Computing Aspects of Blockchains 
  Distributed Graph Algorithms 
  Distributed Embedded Systems 
  Distributed Operating Systems, Storage and Database Systems 
  Distributed Quantum Computing 
  Edge Computing and Mobile Offloading 
  Fault-tolerance, Reliability, and Availability of Distributed Systems 
  Formal Methods for Distributed Systems 
  High performance Computing and Grid Computing 
  Machine Learning in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Pervasive and Mobile Computing 
  Scalable Distributed Systems 
  Secure Multi-Party Computation 
  Security, Privacy and Game Theory in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Self-organization, Self-stabilization, and Autonomic Computing 
  Social Networks 
  Networks Topics of Interest | AI in Communication and Computer Networks 
  Backscatter and Ultra-low Power Networks 
  Challenging Network Environments 
  Cognitive Networking 
  D2D, Sensor, PAN and Mesh Networks 
  Mobile Wireless Networks (5G/6G) 
  Digital Continuum 
  Edge and Fog Networking 
  Emerging Topics in Networks 
  Energy-efficient Networking 
  Information-centric and Content-based Networking 
  Intent-based Networking and Zero-configuration Networks 
  Interdisciplinary Approaches in Networking 
  Internet of Things and Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Internetworking Protocols & Internet Applications 
  Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking 
  Networking and Computing for Sustainability, Society, and Development 
  Next-generation Networks and Services 
  Pervasive Networking and Sensing 
  Pricing and Network Economics 
  Public Safety Computing Systems 
  Quantum Network Protocols 
  Security, Privacy, Trust, and Game Theory in Networking 
  AI for Network Security 
  Social Networks 
  UAV Networks and Mobile Robots 
  Vehicular Networks, Smart Grids and Smart City Applications 
  Proceedings  
 The proceedings of ICDCN 2025 along with all the satellite events (posters, demo, workshops, etc.) will be published by The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS), which is indexed by ACM, DBLP, Scopus, and other indexing bodies. The proceedings will be available through the ACM digital library.  
 Important note to authors about the new ACM open access publishing model  
 ACM has introduced a new open access publishing model for the International Conference Proceedings Series (ICPS). Authors based at institutions that are not yet part of the ACM Open program  and do not qualify for a waiver will be required to pay an article processing charge (APC) to publish their ICPS article in the ACM Digital Library. To determine whether or not an APC will be applicable to your article, please follow the detailed guidance here: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/author-guidance.   
 Further information may be found on the ACM website, as follows:  
 Full details of the new ICPS publishing model: https://www.acm.org/publications/icps/faq.   
  Full details of the ACM Open program: https://www.acm.org/publications/openaccess.   
  Please direct all questions about the new model to icps-info@acm.org.   
 Special Issue  
 Extended versions of selected papers will be invited for fast-track publications in the Theoretical Computer Science (TCS) Journal or in Elsevier's Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC) Journal.  
 Best Paper Award  
 The conference will assign a Best Paper Award.  
 Important Dates  
 (All the deadlines are in AoE)  
 Paper submission: | July 25, 2024 | August 16, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Notifications: | September 27, 2024 | October 1, 2024 (extended deadline) 
  Camera-ready Papers Deadline: October 30, 2024 
  Submission Instructions  
 All submissions must use the official LaTeX ACM article template acmart.cls, version of 1.80 or greater, using the following documentclass instruction: \documentclass[sigconf,authordraft]{acmart}. 
  Regular Papers should not exceed 10 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. Regular papers may include a clearly marked Appendix with all the additional details required to validate the results (including technical proofs and experimental results that did not fit into the first 10 pages). 
  Short Papers must not exceed 5 pages double-column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. 
  At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper. All papers must be submitted through the EasyChair portal.  
 Paper submission link:  
 https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdcn2025   
 The use of generative AI software tools is permitted subject to the following requirements  
 The AI systems have not been used to plagiarize, misrepresent, or falsify content. 
  The resulting work, in its entirety, accurately represents the authors' original research and novel intellectual contributions, and is not primarily the result of the AI tool's generative capabilities. 
  The authors accept full responsibility for the veracity and correctness of all material in their work, including any content generated by AI tools. 
  Note that all submissions will be checked using suitable AI content detectors  
 Double-Blind Reviewing  
 The conference will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear anywhere in the submission. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. Use the third person to refer to the author's previous work, e.g., replace "as we have shown before" with "as shown before in [X]."  
 In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas. Authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing are encouraged to contact the PC Co-Chairs by email at icdcn2025-tpc-chairs@iit.cnr.it.  
 Conflict of Interest  
 Indications of conflicts of interest will be required in the submission form. A conflict of interest is limited to the following:  
 A family member or close friend. 
  A Ph.D. advisor or advisee (no time limit), or a postdoctoral or undergraduate mentor or mentee within the past five years. 
  A person with the same affiliation. 
  A person involved in an alleged incident of harassment. (It is not required that the incident be reported.) 
  Frequent collaborators, or collaborators who have jointly published papers within the last two years. 
  If you feel that you have a valid reason for a conflict of interest not listed above, contact the PC Co-Chairs.  

 Copyright © 2024 IIT Hyderabad | Designed by Colorlib   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

30. Conference ICDCS_1:
Skip to primary content    
 IEEE ICDCS 2025    
 45th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Chairs 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Event Papers 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Camera-Ready 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Hotel/Travel | Accommodation 
  Experience Glasgow 
  Venue 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  IEEE Policies | IEEE Code of Ethics 
  IEEE Policy on AI-Generated Text 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Scope    

 The 45 th  IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems (IEEE ICDCS 2025) is the premier international forum for researchers and practitioners to present, discuss and exchange cutting edge ideas as well as the latest findings on topics related to all aspects of distributed computing systems. The conference will be held over July 20-23 rd  , 2025 in Glasgow, Scotland, UK. We invite you to submit original contributions to IEEE ICDCS 2025.  

 Papers can be submitted to one of the following tracks:  

  Cloud Computing 

  Distributed Algorithms 

  Big Data, Models & Systems 

  Distributed Fault Tolerance 

  Distributed OS and Middleware 

  Edge Computing 

  IoT + CPS 

  Mobile Computing 

  Security, Privacy and Trust 

  Blockchains/Databases 

  Distributed Systems for AI/ML 

  AI/ML for Distributed Systems 

  Deployed/Emergent Applications & Infrastructures 

 Paper Submission   

 The Paper strand provides  the opportunity for researchers to present their new state-of-the-art research in Distributed Computing Systems, which makes, or has the potential to make, a significant contribution to the field.  

 Papers must be original and unpublished and must not be submitted concurrently for publication elsewhere. All paper submissions should follow the IEEE 8.5″ x 11″ two-column format using 10pt fonts and the IEEE Conference template (downloadable by selecting “Conferences” in the IEEE-Template Selector https://template-selector.ieee.org/  ). Each submission can have up to eleven (11) pages  (including figures, tables, appendices, and references). Papers exceeding this page limit or with smaller fonts will be desk-rejected without review.  

 The paper review process is double-blind. Authors are required to take all reasonable steps to preserve the anonymity of their submission. The submission must not include author information and must not include citations or discussion of related work that would make the authorship apparent. While authors can upload their paper to institutional or other preprint repositories such as arXiv.org before reviewing is complete, we generally discourage this since it places anonymity at risk. If authors decide to upload their paper to a preprint site, they must make sure that the title and abstract of their submission to ICDCS are different from the title and abstract of the preprint version, so that it is not immediately obvious that the two versions are by the same authors and with the same content. To encourage reproducibility, we encourage the authors, whenever it is possible, to include in their paper a link to an anonymised GitHub repository with all source code, scripts and data needed for the reproduction of their results.  

 For each accepted paper, at least one author is required to pay a full author registration and attend the conference in-person to present their work on-site. Any no-show papers will be reported to the publisher and removed from the conference proceedings. For authors with multiple papers accepted by the conference, a separate author registration is required for each paper.  

 Note that the authors should adhere to ethic and professional standards of IEEE. Please refer to IEEE Code of Ethics  and IEEE Policy of AI-Generated Text.   

 Note  : A set of highly selected IEEE ICDCS 2025 papers will be considered for publication in the IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS)  . The selected papers will undergo an extension process, transforming them from their initial IEEE ICDCS conference format. These extended versions will then be subject to a review by an editor from IEEE TPDS.  

 Paper Deadline Dates  (Time zone: Anywhere on Earth ( AoE  ))  

 Paper Submission Website: | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icdcs2025  (Submission portal opens on 1 November 2024) 
 Paper Abstract Registration: | 4 December 2024   Extended to 11 December, 2024 
 Paper Submission Due: | 11 December 2024   Extended to 18 December, 2024 
 Author Notification: | 2 April 2025 
 Camera-Ready Submission: | 16 April 2025 
  
 For inquiries regarding the Call for  Papers  , email: icdcs2025@easychair.org      
  
 Program Chairs   
 Songqing Chen, George Mason University, USA  
  Neeraj Suri, Lancaster University, UK   

 General Chairs   

 Christos Anagnostopoulos, University of Glasgow, UK  
  Iadh Ounis, University of Glasgow, UK  

 Sponsors  

 Supporters  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to primary content    
 IEEE ICDCS 2025    
 45th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Chairs 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Event Papers 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Camera-Ready 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Hotel/Travel | Accommodation 
  Experience Glasgow 
  Venue 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  IEEE Policies | IEEE Code of Ethics 
  IEEE Policy on AI-Generated Text 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Scope    

 The 45 th  IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems (IEEE ICDCS 2025) is the premier international forum for researchers and practitioners to present, discuss and exchange cutting edge ideas as well as the latest findings on topics related to all aspects of distributed computing systems. The conference will be held over July 20-23 rd  , 2025 in Glasgow, Scotland, UK. We invite you to submit original contributions to IEEE ICDCS 2025.  

 Papers can be submitted to one of the following tracks:  

  Cloud Computing 

  Distributed Algorithms 

  Big Data, Models & Systems 

  Distributed Fault Tolerance 

  Distributed OS and Middleware 

  Edge Computing 

  IoT + CPS 

  Mobile Computing 

  Security, Privacy and Trust 

  Blockchains/Databases 

  Distributed Systems for AI/ML 

  AI/ML for Distributed Systems 

  Deployed/Emergent Applications & Infrastructures 

 Paper Submission   

 The Paper strand provides  the opportunity for researchers to present their new state-of-the-art research in Distributed Computing Systems, which makes, or has the potential to make, a significant contribution to the field.  

 Papers must be original and unpublished and must not be submitted concurrently for publication elsewhere. All paper submissions should follow the IEEE 8.5″ x 11″ two-column format using 10pt fonts and the IEEE Conference template (downloadable by selecting “Conferences” in the IEEE-Template Selector https://template-selector.ieee.org/  ). Each submission can have up to eleven (11) pages  (including figures, tables, appendices, and references). Papers exceeding this page limit or with smaller fonts will be desk-rejected without review.  

 The paper review process is double-blind. Authors are required to take all reasonable steps to preserve the anonymity of their submission. The submission must not include author information and must not include citations or discussion of related work that would make the authorship apparent. While authors can upload their paper to institutional or other preprint repositories such as arXiv.org before reviewing is complete, we generally discourage this since it places anonymity at risk. If authors decide to upload their paper to a preprint site, they must make sure that the title and abstract of their submission to ICDCS are different from the title and abstract of the preprint version, so that it is not immediately obvious that the two versions are by the same authors and with the same content. To encourage reproducibility, we encourage the authors, whenever it is possible, to include in their paper a link to an anonymised GitHub repository with all source code, scripts and data needed for the reproduction of their results.  

 For each accepted paper, at least one author is required to pay a full author registration and attend the conference in-person to present their work on-site. Any no-show papers will be reported to the publisher and removed from the conference proceedings. For authors with multiple papers accepted by the conference, a separate author registration is required for each paper.  

 Note that the authors should adhere to ethic and professional standards of IEEE. Please refer to IEEE Code of Ethics  and IEEE Policy of AI-Generated Text.   

 Note  : A set of highly selected IEEE ICDCS 2025 papers will be considered for publication in the IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS)  . The selected papers will undergo an extension process, transforming them from their initial IEEE ICDCS conference format. These extended versions will then be subject to a review by an editor from IEEE TPDS.  

 Paper Deadline Dates  (Time zone: Anywhere on Earth ( AoE  ))  

 Paper Submission Website: | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icdcs2025  (Submission portal opens on 1 November 2024) 
 Paper Abstract Registration: | 4 December 2024   Extended to 11 December, 2024 
 Paper Submission Due: | 11 December 2024   Extended to 18 December, 2024 
 Author Notification: | 2 April 2025 
 Camera-Ready Submission: | 16 April 2025 
  
 For inquiries regarding the Call for  Papers  , email: icdcs2025@easychair.org      
  
 Program Chairs   
 Songqing Chen, George Mason University, USA  
  Neeraj Suri, Lancaster University, UK   

 General Chairs   

 Christos Anagnostopoulos, University of Glasgow, UK  
  Iadh Ounis, University of Glasgow, UK  

 Sponsors  

 Supporters  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

31. Conference ICDCS_2:
Skip to primary content    
 IEEE ICDCS 2025    
 45th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Chairs 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Event Papers 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Camera-Ready 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Hotel/Travel | Accommodation 
  Experience Glasgow 
  Venue 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  IEEE Policies | IEEE Code of Ethics 
  IEEE Policy on AI-Generated Text 

 Organizing Committee  
  
 General Chairs  

    Christos Anagnostopoulos   
 University of Glasgow  

    Iadh Ounis   
 University of Glasgow  

 Finance Chair  

    Graham McDonald   
 University of Glasgow  

 Poster Chairs  

    Blesson Varghese   
 University of St Andrews  

    Sean MacAvaney   
 University of Glasgow  

 Workshop Chairs  

    Dezong Zhao   
 University of Glasgow  

    Christos Tachtatzis   
 University of Strathclyde  

    Ilir Murturi   
 Vienna University of Technology  

 Demonstration Chairs  

    Yann Busnel   
 Institut Mines-Télécom  

    Jingmin Huang   
 University of Kent  

 Doctoral Consortium Chairs  

    Kostas Kolomvatsos   
 University of Thessaly  

    A.A.A. Qahtan   
 Utrecht University  

 Tutorial Chairs  

    Siwei Liu   
 University of Aberdeen  

    Dimitrios Gunopulos   
 National and Kapodistrian University of Athens  

 Industry Event Chair  

    Marta Patino-Martinez   
 Technical University of Madrid  

    Vana Kalogeraki   
 Athens University of Economics and Business  

    Jun Young Cheong   
 University of Glasgow  

 Publication Chairs  

    Fani Deligianni   
 University of Glasgow  

    Jianglin Lan   
 University of Glasgow  

 Corporate Relations & Sponsorship Chairs  

    Muhammad Imran   
 University of Glasgow  

    Natascha Weber   
 BMW Group, Germany  

    Konstantinos Kontis   
 University of Glasgow  

 Publicity Chairs  

    Safa Messaoud   
 Qatar Computing Research Institute  

    Jordi Mateo Fornés   
 University of Lleida  

    Jordi Vilaplana Mayoral   
 University of Lleida  

    Katie Aleksandrova   
 Microsoft  

 Registration Chair  

    Richard Mccreadie   
 University of Glasgow  

 Local Organization Chairs  

    Shameem Puthiya Parambath   
 University of Glasgow  

    Saleh Abdullah M Alfahad   
 University of Glasgow  

    Tahani Aladwani   
 University of Glasgow  

 Media & Web Chair  

    Qiyuan Wang   
 University of Glasgow  

 Steering Committee Chair  

    Xiaodong Zhang   
 The Ohio State University  

 Sponsors  

 Supporters  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to primary content    
 IEEE ICDCS 2025    
 45th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Chairs 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Event Papers 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Camera-Ready 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Hotel/Travel | Accommodation 
  Experience Glasgow 
  Venue 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  IEEE Policies | IEEE Code of Ethics 
  IEEE Policy on AI-Generated Text 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Scope    

 The 45 th  IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems (IEEE ICDCS 2025) is the premier international forum for researchers and practitioners to present, discuss and exchange cutting edge ideas as well as the latest findings on topics related to all aspects of distributed computing systems. The conference will be held over July 20-23 rd  , 2025 in Glasgow, Scotland, UK. We invite you to submit original contributions to IEEE ICDCS 2025.  

 Papers can be submitted to one of the following tracks:  

  Cloud Computing 

  Distributed Algorithms 

  Big Data, Models & Systems 

  Distributed Fault Tolerance 

  Distributed OS and Middleware 

  Edge Computing 

  IoT + CPS 

  Mobile Computing 

  Security, Privacy and Trust 

  Blockchains/Databases 

  Distributed Systems for AI/ML 

  AI/ML for Distributed Systems 

  Deployed/Emergent Applications & Infrastructures 

 Paper Submission   

 The Paper strand provides  the opportunity for researchers to present their new state-of-the-art research in Distributed Computing Systems, which makes, or has the potential to make, a significant contribution to the field.  

 Papers must be original and unpublished and must not be submitted concurrently for publication elsewhere. All paper submissions should follow the IEEE 8.5″ x 11″ two-column format using 10pt fonts and the IEEE Conference template (downloadable by selecting “Conferences” in the IEEE-Template Selector https://template-selector.ieee.org/  ). Each submission can have up to eleven (11) pages  (including figures, tables, appendices, and references). Papers exceeding this page limit or with smaller fonts will be desk-rejected without review.  

 The paper review process is double-blind. Authors are required to take all reasonable steps to preserve the anonymity of their submission. The submission must not include author information and must not include citations or discussion of related work that would make the authorship apparent. While authors can upload their paper to institutional or other preprint repositories such as arXiv.org before reviewing is complete, we generally discourage this since it places anonymity at risk. If authors decide to upload their paper to a preprint site, they must make sure that the title and abstract of their submission to ICDCS are different from the title and abstract of the preprint version, so that it is not immediately obvious that the two versions are by the same authors and with the same content. To encourage reproducibility, we encourage the authors, whenever it is possible, to include in their paper a link to an anonymised GitHub repository with all source code, scripts and data needed for the reproduction of their results.  

 For each accepted paper, at least one author is required to pay a full author registration and attend the conference in-person to present their work on-site. Any no-show papers will be reported to the publisher and removed from the conference proceedings. For authors with multiple papers accepted by the conference, a separate author registration is required for each paper.  

 Note that the authors should adhere to ethic and professional standards of IEEE. Please refer to IEEE Code of Ethics  and IEEE Policy of AI-Generated Text.   

 Note  : A set of highly selected IEEE ICDCS 2025 papers will be considered for publication in the IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS)  . The selected papers will undergo an extension process, transforming them from their initial IEEE ICDCS conference format. These extended versions will then be subject to a review by an editor from IEEE TPDS.  

 Paper Deadline Dates  (Time zone: Anywhere on Earth ( AoE  ))  

 Paper Submission Website: | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icdcs2025  (Submission portal opens on 1 November 2024) 
 Paper Abstract Registration: | 4 December 2024   Extended to 11 December, 2024 
 Paper Submission Due: | 11 December 2024   Extended to 18 December, 2024 
 Author Notification: | 2 April 2025 
 Camera-Ready Submission: | 16 April 2025 
  
 For inquiries regarding the Call for  Papers  , email: icdcs2025@easychair.org      
  
 Program Chairs   
 Songqing Chen, George Mason University, USA  
  Neeraj Suri, Lancaster University, UK   

 General Chairs   

 Christos Anagnostopoulos, University of Glasgow, UK  
  Iadh Ounis, University of Glasgow, UK  

 Sponsors  

 Supporters  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

32. Conference ICDE_0:
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Welcome to ICDE 2025!  

 The annual IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE)  is one of the premier conferences in data and information engineering and addresses research issues on designing, building, managing, and evaluating advanced data intensive systems and applications. It is a leading forum for researchers, practitioners, developers, and users to explore cutting-edge ideas and to exchange techniques, tools, and experiences.  
 Each year, ICDE attracts researchers and practitioners from the academia, industry and government from across the world. The audience includes leading data scientists and professors, entrepreneurs, developers, talented young researchers/students and other thought leaders from major vendors and academia.  
 ICDE 2025 will take place in Hong Kong from May 19-23, 2025  . As one of Asia’s most vibrant and diverse metropolises, Hong Kong seamlessly blends traditional culture with modern development. Situated at the southern tip of the Pearl River Delta, this city entices millions of visitors with its diverse cuisine, architecture, and festive culture. Whether it’s the captivating views of Victoria Harbour or the bustling shopping centers, Hong Kong stands as an unmissable travel destination.  

 Welcome to ICDE 2025!   

   Previous slide    
   Next slide    

 Sep 25  : We have accepted 10 workshops for ICDE 2025! 
  Sep 15: Call for tutorials! 
  Sep 6: Call for demonstrations! 
  Aug 3  : We got 454 submissions for 1st round! 
  Jul 26  : ICDE 2025 will be a green conference! 
  Jul 23  : ICDE 2025 proposes the Review Quality Control! 

 Sponsors     

 Our General Sponsors   

 Organized by   

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

   
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

33. Conference ICDE_1:
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

34. Conference ICDCS_3:
Skip to primary content    
 IEEE ICDCS 2025    
 45th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Chairs 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Event Papers 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Camera-Ready 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Hotel/Travel | Accommodation 
  Experience Glasgow 
  Venue 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  IEEE Policies | IEEE Code of Ethics 
  IEEE Policy on AI-Generated Text 

 Call for Workshop Proposals  

 IEEE ICDCS 2025 will be hosting workshops in conjunction with the conference, which will be held in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom, from July 20 th  to July 23 rd  , 2025. We invite you to submit workshop proposals on any topic related to the research and application areas covered by the IEEE ICDCS 2025 conference. Topics representing new research areas and directions, e.g., Distributed Artificial Intelligence (AI), Distributed Machine Learning (ML), and its applications in Distributed Computing Systems, Industrial IoT Systems, Cloud, Mobile Computing, Edge Computing, Open and Secure Networking, and Blockchain, are welcome.  
  
 All the Workshops will be held in conjunction with  the ICDCS 2025 Conference.  
  
 A workshop proposal should consist of a descriptive proposal that is up to 4 pages in length (IEEE 8.5″ x 11″ two-column format using 10pt fonts) in a single PDF file and must contain the following information:  
  
  Title of the Workshop. 

  The names, affiliations, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses of the proposed Workshop Organizers. The organizers should consist of at least two persons with a strong track record in the technical issues to be addressed by the workshop. 

  For each organizer, how likely they think it is that they can attend onsite. 

  A brief technical description of the workshop, identification of specific technical issues, topics, planned activities, and justification of the workshop timeliness. 

  Resources required, such as a one-day or half-day workshop, expected number of attendees (room size), whether a panel setup is needed, whether poster boards will be needed, etc. 

  Names of potential PC members and selection process of participants/presenters. 

  A tentative Call for Papers with important dates (submission of papers, notifications, potential program committee members, potential speakers, or keynotes, etc.), particularly describing the nature of contributions sought, and their types (research papers, position papers, short papers, demos, etc). 

  Information about the previous edition of the workshop (if any), including history and frequency of the workshop, previous conference co-locations, URLs, if available, and approximate attendance. 

  A short biography of each organizer highlighting their expertise and prior experience in workshops and/or similar events. 

 Acceptance will be based on an evaluation of the potential of the workshop for generating valuable results, encouraging and fostering interactions among participants during the workshop, the timeliness of and the expected interest in the topic, and the proposers’ ability to lead a successful workshop.  
  
 Organizers are expected to perform additional advertising in related communities outside the main IEEE ICDCS community, create and maintain the workshop website, arrange for the collection and refereeing of submissions, and coordinate the collection and delivery of camera-ready material and IEEE copyright transfers.  
  
 Workshop Proposals Dates  (Time zone: Anywhere on Earth ( AoE  ))  

 Workshop Proposal submission website: | https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=icdcsw2025 
 Workshop Proposal Submission Due: | 27 November 2024 
 Workshop Proposal Notification: | 15 January 2025 
 Workshop Website link from ICDCS 2025 site: | 17 January 2025 
 All Workshop Papers Camera-Ready Submission: | 16 April 2025 
 Workshop Date: | 20 July 2025 
  
 For inquiries regarding the Call for Workshop Proposals  , email: icdcsw2025-workshops@easychair.org    
 Workshops Program Chairs   
  
 Dezong Zhao, University of Glasgow, UK  
  
 Christos Tachtatzis, University of Strathclyde, UK  
  
 Ilir Murturi, Vienna University of Technology, Austria  

 Sponsors  

 Supporters  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to primary content    
 IEEE ICDCS 2025    
 45th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems  
    Search     Main menu  
 Home 
  Organizers | Organizing Committee 
  Programme Chairs 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Industry Event Papers 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Camera-Ready 
  Registration | Visa Information 
  Hotel/Travel | Accommodation 
  Experience Glasgow 
  Venue 
  Program | Program at a Glance 
  IEEE Policies | IEEE Code of Ethics 
  IEEE Policy on AI-Generated Text 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Scope    

 The 45 th  IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems (IEEE ICDCS 2025) is the premier international forum for researchers and practitioners to present, discuss and exchange cutting edge ideas as well as the latest findings on topics related to all aspects of distributed computing systems. The conference will be held over July 20-23 rd  , 2025 in Glasgow, Scotland, UK. We invite you to submit original contributions to IEEE ICDCS 2025.  

 Papers can be submitted to one of the following tracks:  

  Cloud Computing 

  Distributed Algorithms 

  Big Data, Models & Systems 

  Distributed Fault Tolerance 

  Distributed OS and Middleware 

  Edge Computing 

  IoT + CPS 

  Mobile Computing 

  Security, Privacy and Trust 

  Blockchains/Databases 

  Distributed Systems for AI/ML 

  AI/ML for Distributed Systems 

  Deployed/Emergent Applications & Infrastructures 

 Paper Submission   

 The Paper strand provides  the opportunity for researchers to present their new state-of-the-art research in Distributed Computing Systems, which makes, or has the potential to make, a significant contribution to the field.  

 Papers must be original and unpublished and must not be submitted concurrently for publication elsewhere. All paper submissions should follow the IEEE 8.5″ x 11″ two-column format using 10pt fonts and the IEEE Conference template (downloadable by selecting “Conferences” in the IEEE-Template Selector https://template-selector.ieee.org/  ). Each submission can have up to eleven (11) pages  (including figures, tables, appendices, and references). Papers exceeding this page limit or with smaller fonts will be desk-rejected without review.  

 The paper review process is double-blind. Authors are required to take all reasonable steps to preserve the anonymity of their submission. The submission must not include author information and must not include citations or discussion of related work that would make the authorship apparent. While authors can upload their paper to institutional or other preprint repositories such as arXiv.org before reviewing is complete, we generally discourage this since it places anonymity at risk. If authors decide to upload their paper to a preprint site, they must make sure that the title and abstract of their submission to ICDCS are different from the title and abstract of the preprint version, so that it is not immediately obvious that the two versions are by the same authors and with the same content. To encourage reproducibility, we encourage the authors, whenever it is possible, to include in their paper a link to an anonymised GitHub repository with all source code, scripts and data needed for the reproduction of their results.  

 For each accepted paper, at least one author is required to pay a full author registration and attend the conference in-person to present their work on-site. Any no-show papers will be reported to the publisher and removed from the conference proceedings. For authors with multiple papers accepted by the conference, a separate author registration is required for each paper.  

 Note that the authors should adhere to ethic and professional standards of IEEE. Please refer to IEEE Code of Ethics  and IEEE Policy of AI-Generated Text.   

 Note  : A set of highly selected IEEE ICDCS 2025 papers will be considered for publication in the IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS)  . The selected papers will undergo an extension process, transforming them from their initial IEEE ICDCS conference format. These extended versions will then be subject to a review by an editor from IEEE TPDS.  

 Paper Deadline Dates  (Time zone: Anywhere on Earth ( AoE  ))  

 Paper Submission Website: | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icdcs2025  (Submission portal opens on 1 November 2024) 
 Paper Abstract Registration: | 4 December 2024   Extended to 11 December, 2024 
 Paper Submission Due: | 11 December 2024   Extended to 18 December, 2024 
 Author Notification: | 2 April 2025 
 Camera-Ready Submission: | 16 April 2025 
  
 For inquiries regarding the Call for  Papers  , email: icdcs2025@easychair.org      
  
 Program Chairs   
 Songqing Chen, George Mason University, USA  
  Neeraj Suri, Lancaster University, UK   

 General Chairs   

 Christos Anagnostopoulos, University of Glasgow, UK  
  Iadh Ounis, University of Glasgow, UK  

 Sponsors  

 Supporters  

 Proudly powered by WordPress    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

35. Conference ICDE_2:
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Industry and Application Papers  
  
 The IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE) 2025 Industry and Applications Track will feature high-quality submissions describing innovative industrial-strength data management systems and solutions in all areas of data management systems as well as innovative and demanding application scenarios.   

 Topics of Interest  

 The track will emphasize submissions that describe innovative industrial advancements in relevant areas including, but not limited to:   
 Database and data management systems 
  Cloud systems 
  Data systems on new hardware 
  Scalable machine learning and data mining systems 
  Data quality and cleaning 
  Mobile data management 
  Stream data processing and IoT 
  Information retrieval 
  Knowledge discovery 
  Information integration 
  Applications of LLMs to data management 
    
 We discourage submissions that do not articulate the innovative aspect of a product or application project (including relevant open-source software), but rather give a general overview. We also discourage submissions that address a pure research problem. Each submission must include at least one author with a non-academic affiliation (please note that this is not a sufficient condition for a paper to be considered as an industrial paper).  
 The Industry and Applications Track will accept short (6 pages + unlimited space for references) as well as long (12 pages + unlimited space for references) submissions.   

 Important Dates  

 The Industry and Applications Track has only one round of submissions. All deadlines are 11:59PM Anywhere on Earth (AoE).   
 Submissions due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revisions due: February 25, 2025 
  Final notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copies due: April 8, 2025 

 Submission Guidelines  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in accordance with the IEEE format  , and submitted to the ICDE 2025 Industrial Track submission website  .  
 Long papers must not exceed 12 pages plus unlimited space for references, and short papers must not exceed 6 pages plus unlimited space for references. Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered. Papers that do not follow the guidelines or are not within the scope of topics relevant to ICDE will be desk rejected. Authors are encouraged to contact the industrial track chairs if they need clarification regarding the suitability of their work to this track.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Each submission must include all author names and affiliations. Changes to the author list after paper acceptance are not permitted. In case an exceptional situation arises necessitating a change in the author list, the situation needs to be explained via email to the industrial track chairs, who will decide whether to approve the change.  
 All accepted papers will appear in the proceedings. IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from IEEE Xplore), if none of the authors attends the conference to present their paper.  
 All submissions should follow ICDE 2025 Research Track guidelines on Inclusion and Diversity in Writing, and Conflicts of Interest  (scroll all the way down).  

 Industry and Application Chairs  

 Malu Castellanos, Oracle, USA  
 Xing Xie, Microsoft, China  
 Minos Garofalakis, ATHENA Research Center & Technical University of Crete, Greece  

 Area Chairs  

 C Mohan, Tsinghua University  
 Cyrus Shahabi, University of Southern California  
 Fatma Ozcan, Google  
 Ippokratis Pandis, Amazon Web Services  
 Jingren Zhou, Alibaba Group  
 Kai Zeng, Huawei Technologies  
 Meichun Hsu, Oracle  
 Rajesh Bordawekar, IBM T. J. Watson Research Center  
 Stavros Harizopoulos, Facebook  
 Yannis Velegrakis, Utrecht University  

 Reviewers  

 Alekh Jindal, Tursio  
 Alkis Simitsis, Athena Research Center  
 Amine Mhedhbi, Polytechnique Montréal  
 Anderson Chaves Carniel, Huawei Technologies  
 Antonios Katsarakis, Huawei Research  
 Bei Li, Google  
 Berthold Reinwald, IBM Research – Almaden  
 Bin Wu, Alibaba Group  
 Bo Tang, Southern University of Science and Technology  
 Brian Cooper, Google  
 Cheng Chen, Bytedance  
 David Cohen, Intel  
 Dongxiang Zhang, Zhejiang University  
 Ekaterini Ioannou, Tilburg University  
 Eser Kandogan, Megagon  
 Guanfeng Liu, Macquarie University  
 Hailong Liu, Northwestern Polytechnical University  
 Iman Elghandour, SAP  
 Ioana Ileana, Université Paris Cité  
 Jie Bao, Microsoft Research Asia  
 Kai Huang, HKUST  
 Katsiaryna Mirylenka, IBM Research Europe  
 Konstantinos Karanasos, Meta  
 Krishna Kantikiran Pasupuleti, Oracle  
 Leonid Libkin, University of Edinburgh & RelationalAI  
 Lu Chen, Zhejiang University  
 Maria Luisa Sapino, Torino University  
 Mengxuan Zhang, Iowa State University  
 Mohamed Eltabakh, Qatar Foundation  
 Mosha Pasumansky, Firebolt  
 Nan Tang, HKUST (GZ)  
 Nikolay Yakovets, TU Eindhoven  
 Odysseas Papapetrou, TU Eindhoven  
 Paul Boniol, Inria, Ecole normale supérieure  
 Paul Brown, Teradata  
 Pedro Pedreira, Meta Platforms Inc.  
 Pinar Karagoz, Middle East Technical University (METU)  
 Pratanu Roy, Huawei Research and Development (UK) Ltd.  
 Quanqing Xu, OceanBase  
 Ruiyuan Li, Chongqing University  
 Shasank Chavan, Oracle  
 Shen Liang, Université Paris Cité  
 Siqiang Luo, Nanyang Technological University  
 Stefano Bortoli, Huawei Research Center  
 Tieke He, Nanjing University  
 Tieying Zhang, Bytedance  
 Tristan Allard, Univ Rennes, CNRS, IRISA  
 Utku Sirin, Harvard University  
 Vassilis Christophides, ENSEA  
 Venkata Meduri, IBM Research Almaden  
 Wentao Wu, Microsoft Research  
 Xiao Qin, Amazon Web Services  
 Xiaoyang Wang, University of New South Wales  
 Xiaoye Miao, Zhejiang University  
 Xin Cao, University of New South Wales  
 Yingqiang Zhang, Alibaba Group  
 Yongxin Tong, Beihang University  
 Yufei Han, Inria  
 Yurong Cheng, Beijing institute of technology  
 Yuwei Peng, Wuhan University  
 Ziawasch Abedjan, TU Berlin  

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

36. Conference ICDE_3:
International Conference on Data Engineering ICDE in October 2025 in Athens                    
 Conferences 
  Disciplines 
  Committees 
  Publications | Abstracts  Periodicals  Archive 
  Support 

 Conferences 
  October 2025 in Athens 
  Data Engineering 
   
 ICDE 2025: 19. International Conference on Data Engineering  
 October 21-22, 2025 in Athens, Greece  
 HYBRID    
  Conference Code: 25GRAT10ICDE002    
     Submit Your Paper  Author Registration  Listener Registration    
   
 About  Venue  Call For Papers  Important Dates  Committees  Registration Fees  Program  Conference Photos  Flyer    
  
 The International Research Conference Aims and Objectives  
   
 The International Research Conference is a federated organization dedicated to bringing together a significant number of diverse scholarly events for presentation within the conference program  . Events will run over a span of time during the conference depending on the number and length of the presentations. With its high quality, it provides an exceptional value for students, academics and industry researchers.  
 International Conference on Data Engineering  aims to bring together leading academic scientists, researchers and research scholars to exchange and share their experiences and research results on all aspects of Data Engineering. It also provides a premier interdisciplinary platform for researchers, practitioners and educators to present and discuss the most recent innovations trends, and concerns as well as practical challenges encountered and solutions adopted in the fields of Data Engineering.  
   
 Call for Contributions  
 Prospective authors are kindly encouraged to contribute to and help shape the conference through submissions of their research abstracts, papers and e-posters. Also, high quality research contributions describing original and unpublished results of conceptual, constructive, empirical, experimental, or theoretical work in all areas of Data Engineering are cordially invited for presentation at the conference. The conference solicits contributions of abstracts, papers and e-posters that address themes and topics of the conference, including figures, tables and references of novel research materials.  
 Guidelines for Authors  
 Please ensure your submission meets the conference's strict guidelines for accepting scholarly papers. Downloadable versions of the check list for Full-Text Papers  and Abstract Papers  .  
 Please refer to the Paper Submission Guideline  , Abstract Submission Guideline  and Author Information  before submitting your paper.  
 Conference Proceedings  
 All submitted conference papers will be blind peer reviewed by three competent reviewers. The peer-reviewed conference proceedings are indexed in the Open Science Index  , Google Scholar  , Semantic Scholar  , Zenedo  , BASE  , WorldCAT  , Sherpa/RoMEO  , and other index databases. Impact Factor Indicators  .  
 Special Journal Issues  
 19. International Conference on Data Engineering  has teamed up with the Special Journal Issue on Data Engineering  . A number of selected high-impact full text papers will also be considered for the special journal issues. All submitted papers will have the opportunity to be considered for this Special Journal Issue. The paper selection will be carried out during the peer review process as well as at the conference presentation stage. Submitted papers must not be under consideration by any other journal or publication. The final decision for paper selection will be made based on peer review reports by the Guest Editors and the Editor-in-Chief jointly. Selected full-text papers will be published online free of charge.  
 Conference Sponsor and Exhibitor Opportunities  
 The Conference offers the opportunity to become a conference sponsor or exhibitor. To participate as a sponsor or exhibitor, please download and complete the Conference Sponsorship Request Form  .  
 Application Forms  
 Paper Submission 
  Author Registration 
  Listener Registration 
  Sponsorship and Exhibition 
  Volunteerism 
    
 Selected Papers  
 Dynamic Simulation of a Hybrid Wind Farm with Wind Turbines and Distributed Compressed Air Energy Storage System | Eronini Umez-Eronini 
  Smart Grids in Morocco: An Outline of the Recent Developments, Key Drivers, and Recommendations for Future Implementation | M. Laamim, A. Benazzouz, A. Rochd, A. Ghennioui, A. El Fadili, M. Benzaazoua 
  Distributed Multi-Agent Based Approach on an Intelligent Transportation Network | Xiao Yihong, Yu Kexin, Burra Venkata Durga Kumar 
  Distributed System Computing Resource Scheduling Algorithm Based on Deep Reinforcement Learning | Yitao Lei, Xingxiang Zhai, Burra Venkata Durga Kumar 
  A Holistic Framework for Unifying Data Security and Management in Modern Enterprises | Ashly Joseph 
  An Extended Domain-Specific Modeling Language for Marine Observatory Relying on Enterprise Architecture | Charbel Geryes Aoun, Loic Lagadec 
  A Digital Twin Approach for Sustainable Territories Planning: A Case Study on District Heating | A. Amrani, O. Allali, A. Ben Hamida, F. Defrance, S. Morland, E. Pineau, T. Lacroix 
  Model-Free Distributed Control of Dynamical Systems | Javad Khazaei, Rick S. Blum 
  Voltage Stability Margin-Based Approach for Placement of Distributed Generators in Power Systems | Oludamilare Bode Adewuyi, Yanxia Sun, Isaiah Gbadegesin Adebayo 
  Slime Mould Optimization Algorithms for Optimal Distributed Generation Integration in Distribution Electrical Network | F. Fissou Amigue, S. Ndjakomo Essiane, S. Pérabi Ngoffé, G. Abessolo Ondoa, G. Mengata Mengounou, T. P. Nna Nna 
  The Profit Trend of Cosmetics Products Using Bootstrap Edgeworth Approximation | Edlira Donefski, Lorenc Ekonomi, Tina Donefski 
  The Application of Distributed Optical Strain Sensing to Measure Rock Bolt Deformation Subject to Bedding Shear | Thomas P. Roper, Brad Forbes, Jurij Karlovšek 
  A Low-Cost Air Quality Monitoring Internet of Things Platform | Christos Spandonidis, Stefanos Tsantilas, Elias Sedikos, Nektarios Galiatsatos, Fotios Giannopoulos, Panagiotis Papadopoulos, Nikolaos Demagos, Dimitrios Reppas, Christos Giordamlis 
  Inferential Reasoning for Heterogeneous Multi-Agent Mission | Sagir M. Yusuf, Chris Baber 
  Optimal Distributed Generator Sizing and Placement by Analytical Method and PSO Algorithm Considering Optimal Reactive Power Dispatch | Kyaw Myo Lin, Pyone Lai Swe, Khine Zin Oo 

 Conference venue information will be released soon.  
   
 Data Integration, Interoperability, and Metadata  
  Ubiquitous Data Management and Mobile Databases  
  Query processing, query optimization, and data structures  
  Data Privacy and Security  
  Data Mining  
  Semi-structured data and XML databases  
  Distributed, parallel, Peer to Peer databases  
  Web Data Management and Deep Web  
  Scientific and Biological Databases and Bioinformatics  
  Workflow, Web Services  
  Stream processing and sensor databases  
  Data Grids, Data Warehousing, OLAP  
  Temporal, Spatial, and Multimedia databases  
  Database Applications and Experiences  
  Database System Internals and Performance   

 Abstracts/Full-Text Paper Submission Deadline | December 12, 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance/Rejection | December 26, 2024 
 Final Paper (Camera Ready) Submission & Early Bird Registration Deadline | September 20, 2025 
 Conference Dates | October 21-22, 2025 

 Other Conferences  
 DIGITAL    
  July 2025 in Ottawa   
 Conference Code: 25CAOT07ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: December 12, 2024 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: December 26, 2024 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: June 11, 2025 
  Conference Date: July 03-04, 2025 
  Conference Program 

 DIGITAL    
  July 2025 in Tokyo   
 Conference Code: 25JPTO07ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: December 12, 2024 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: December 26, 2024 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: June 22, 2025 
  Conference Date: July 24-25, 2025 
  Conference Program 

 DIGITAL    
  July 2025 in Vienna   
 Conference Code: 25ATVI07ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: December 12, 2024 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: December 26, 2024 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: June 30, 2025 
  Conference Date: July 28-29, 2025 
  Conference Program 

 DIGITAL    
  August 2025 in Tokyo   
 Conference Code: 25JPTO08ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: December 12, 2024 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: December 26, 2024 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: July 16, 2025 
  Conference Date: August 21-22, 2025 
  Conference Program 

 HYBRID    
  October 2025 in Bali   
 Conference Code: 25IDBA10ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: December 12, 2024 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: December 26, 2024 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: September 24, 2025 
  Conference Date: October 25-26, 2025 
  Conference Program 

 HYBRID    
  November 2025 in Dubai   
 Conference Code: 25AEDU11ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: December 12, 2024 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: December 26, 2024 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: October 07, 2025 
  Conference Date: November 08-09, 2025 
  Conference Program 

 HYBRID    
  July 2026 in Ottawa   
 Conference Code: 26CAOT07ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: February 13, 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: February 27, 2025 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: June 11, 2026 
  Conference Date: July 12-13, 2026 
  Conference Program 

 HYBRID    
  July 2026 in Tokyo   
 Conference Code: 26JPTO07ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: February 13, 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: February 27, 2025 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: June 22, 2026 
  Conference Date: July 22-23, 2026 
  Conference Program 

 HYBRID    
  July 2026 in Vienna   
 Conference Code: 26ATVI07ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: February 13, 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: February 27, 2025 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: June 30, 2026 
  Conference Date: July 29-30, 2026 
  Conference Program 

 HYBRID    
  August 2026 in Tokyo   
 Conference Code: 26JPTO08ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: February 13, 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: February 27, 2025 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: July 16, 2026 
  Conference Date: August 16-17, 2026 
  Conference Program 

 HYBRID    
  October 2026 in Athens   
 Conference Code: 26GRAT10ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: February 13, 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: February 27, 2025 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: September 20, 2026 
  Conference Date: October 21-22, 2026 
  Conference Program 

 HYBRID    
  October 2026 in Bali   
 Conference Code: 26IDBA10ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: February 13, 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: February 27, 2025 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: September 24, 2026 
  Conference Date: October 25-26, 2026 
  Conference Program 

 HYBRID    
  November 2026 in Dubai   
 Conference Code: 26AEDU11ICDE002 
  Abstract/Full-Text Paper Submission: February 13, 2025 
  Notification of Acceptance/Rejection: February 27, 2025 
  Final Paper and Early Bird Registration: October 07, 2026 
  Conference Date: November 08-09, 2026 
  Conference Program 

 About About Us 
  Legal 
  WASET celebrates its 16th foundational anniversary 
    
 Account My Account 
    
 Explore Disciplines 
  Conferences 
  Conference Program 
  Committees 
  Publications 
    
 Research Abstracts 
  Periodicals 
  Archive 
    
 Open Science Open Science Philosophy 
  Open Science Award 
  Open Innovation 
  Postdoctoral Fellowship Award 
  Scholarly Research Review 
    
 Support Support 
  Contact Us 
  Report Abuse 

  Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License  © 2024 World Academy of Science, Engineering and Technology   

   ×     

  
Call for papers data: 
   
 WASET                     
 Conferences 
  Disciplines 
  Committees 
  Publications | Abstracts  Periodicals  Archive 
  Support 

 You must log in to submit your paper or attend conferences.  
 If you are not a member yet, you can register for free by clicking here  .  
   
 Login   
  E-mail Address     
   
 Password     
   
 Login  Forgot Your Password?    

 About About Us 
  Legal 
  WASET celebrates its 16th foundational anniversary 
    
 Account My Account 
    
 Explore Disciplines 
  Conferences 
  Conference Program 
  Committees 
  Publications 
    
 Research Abstracts 
  Periodicals 
  Archive 
    
 Open Science Open Science Philosophy 
  Open Science Award 
  Open Innovation 
  Postdoctoral Fellowship Award 
  Scholarly Research Review 
    
 Support Support 
  Contact Us 
  Report Abuse 

  Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License  © 2024 World Academy of Science, Engineering and Technology   

   ×     

  Important dates data: 
undefined

37. Conference ICDS_0:
HOME    
   
  Call for Papers    
   
  Committees    
   
  Participation  Submit a Paper  Camera Ready  Registration    
   
 Venue  Touristic Info  Hotel and Travel    
   
 Program  Tutorials  Event Program    
   
 Post Conference  Statistics  Awards  Photos    
   
 Contact    

 The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society  
 ICDS 2025  
 May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  

 Submit a Contribution    
   
  Registration    
   
  Camera Ready    

 Deadlines   
  
 Submission | Feb 04, 2025 
 Notification | Mar 23, 2025 
 Registration | Mar 30, 2025 
 Camera ready | Apr 13, 2025 

 Deadlines  differ for special tracks. Please consult the conference home page for special tracks Call for Papers (if any).  

 Past Events    
   
  Sponsors    

 Publication   
  
 Published by IARIA Press (operated by Xpert Publishing Services  ) |  
 Archived in the Open Access IARIA ThinkMind Digital Library |  
 Prints available at Curran Associates, Inc. 
 Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions to a IARIA Journal 
 Indexing Procedure 

 Affiliated Journals   

 Menu  HOME  Call for Papers  Committees  Touristic Info  Hotel and Travel  Event Program  Tutorials  Registration  Camera Ready  Submit a Paper  iaria.org  Contact    
   
 ICDS 2025 - The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society  
 May 18, 2025 - May 22, 2025  
   
 ICDS 2025   
 Onsite and Online Options: In order to accommodate various situations, we are offering the option for either physical presence or virtual participation (pdf slides or pre-recorded videos).   
 ISSN:  2308-3956  
  ISBN:  978-1-68558-267-8  
 Registered: with the Library of Congress of the United States of America (ISSN) 
  Free Access: in | ThinkMind Digital Library 
  ICDS 2025 is colocated with the following events as part of DigitalWorld 2025 Congress  :   
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  ICDS 2025 Steering Committee   
  
 Lasse Berntzen   
  University of South-Eastern Norway  
  Norway | Claus-Peter Rückemann   
  Universität Münster / DIMF / Leibniz Universität Hannover, Germany 
 Theo Lynn   
  Irish Institute of Digital Business, Dublin City University  
  Ireland | (c) THB / Heike Schulze | Olga Levina   
  Technische Hochschule Brandenburg  
  Germany 
 Claudia Heß   
  IU Internationale Hochschule  
  Germany |  

 ICDS 2025 conference tracks:   
 Trends in government-related actions   
 Smart Cities; Smart Nations; Citizen-centric projects and decisions; Citizen participation in digital government; Usable climate and awareness information; Models for public services; Social media; Social tweeting; ePetitions; eJustice reforms; eParticipation; eGovernment 4.0; Collaborative governance; Digital era governance; Co-creation and co-production of public services; Smart urbanity; e-Ticketing systems; Global and local sustainability; Digital economic strategies; Cybersecurity portals; Transparency and public participation; Metrics for local government responsiveness; Public-private partnerships; Free-access digital libraries; Facebook privacy; Censorship; Web-scale eGovernment recommendation services; Novelty versus social impact; Demographic estimates for urban planners; Citizen-centric maps adaptation (floods, evacuation, emergency, parks, seismic areas, public spaces, etc.); Time-dependent citizen-centric facilities (ambulance spots, firefight stations, etc.); eGovernment solutions and political polarization  
 Trends in IT related governmental/public services   
 Citizen-centric government IT planning; Smart Cities High Technology; Internet of Things (IOT) Intelligent Cities; Urban computing; Traffic/congestion prediction systems (cars, pedestrians, bicyclists); Online ride-sharing systems; Intelligent transport urban systems; Monitoring urban resources (hospitals, schools, water, gas, electricity, parks, etc.); Digital health systems; Smart wearable and portable devices; Smartphones and the digital divide; Crowd mobility metrics and patterns; Elderly-oriented services; Big data for digital government; Open government data; Government datasets; Anonymity and de-anonymization; Privacy in medical tests and personalized medicine; Systems and assistive technologies; Real-time platforms for community communications (portals, radio and TV local stations, etc.); IT systems to advertize risks and uncertainty; IT citizen-centric for noise and pollution; Personalized route planning systems; Ambient street displays; IT ethics in online environments  
 Digital society and robots   
 Ethics in autonomous and intelligent systems; Interactive robots and interactive humans-robots; City service robots; Integrative social robotics; Social practices for social robotics; Post-robotics; Regulations on Robotics; Robotic legal-decisions; Assistive robotics; Android robotics; Robophilosophy; Moral robots; Military robotics; Cross-Cultural and Trans-disciplinary robotics  
 eGovernment services in the context of digital society   
 e-Government strategies; Citizen-Government eModels; Special applications and services of eGovernment; ePayment, eTax administration; eVoting, eCitizen identity cards; Social e-financial projects; Educating eHealth; Homeland security and public records; eGarbage collection of private records; Metrics for eGovernment projects and services; Benefits of eGovernment; On-line social networking; Financing e-Government; e-Governance; From e-Government to m-Government (mobile-Government); e-Environment  
 Digital accessibility   
 Design approaches, techniques, and tools to support Web accessibility; Best practices for evaluation, testing reviews and repair techniques; Accessibility across the entire system lifecycle; Accessibility within e-organizations: good practices and experiences; Industry and research collaboration, learning from practice, and technology transfer; Mobile Internet-Web Accessibility; Developing user interfaces for different devices; Dealing with different interaction modalities; Web authoring guidelines and tools; Accessibility and other core areas related to the Web user experience; (UX): Usability, Findability, Valuability, Credibility, etc.; Innovations in assistive technologies for the Web; Accessible graphic formats and tools for their creation; Adaptive Web accessibility; Accessibility and information architecture; Universally accessible graphical design approaches; User Profiling; Cognitive and behavioral psychology of end user experiences and scenarios  
 Citizen-centric disruptive and enabling technologies   
 Wireless and user mobility; Ubiquitous systems; On-line interactions; User-centric services, applications, eLearning; High speed electronics, storage, networking eHealth and nano medicine; Biological informatics and computing  
 Internet and Web services   
 IP-based networking and applications; Best effort and QoS/SLA; WWW, Web Services, Semantic Web; eLearning and mobile learning; Service-oriented platforms; Peer-to-Peer Systems and applications; Web-advertising and Web-publishing Multimedia and Webcasting  
 eCommerce and eBusiness   
 On-line shopping frameworks; Trust, privacy, security; Internet macro and micro payment systems; On-line banking; Agent-based e-commerce; eBusiness models and costs; eBusiness applications; Infrastructure for e-Commerce; Mobile commerce  
 Citizen-oriented digital evidence   
 Processing citizen-oriented electronic evidence (acquisition, preservation, analysis); Multimedia documents ( X-rays, radiology, biometrics, and surveillance data); Medical digital forensics; Classic and 3D medical documents; DNA profiling; Genetic and biocomputing; Forensic and data mining; Predictive data modeling; Biological data and privacy; Digital forensics tools  
 Consumer-oriented devices and services   
 Mobile TV and IPTV; Consumer-oriented e-commerce; Smart and digital homes; Wearable devices; Smart consumer appliances; Speech enable appliances; Consumer accessibility appliances and services  
 Intelligent computation   
 Theories of agency and autonomy; Intelligent techniques, logics, and systems; Evolutionary computation; Autonomic and autonomous systems; Autonomic computing and autonomic networking; Ubiquitous and ambient computing; Computational economics; Protecting and preventing computing; High performance computing; Service-oriented computing; Multi-agent based computing; Cluster computing and performance; Artificial intelligence  
 Networking and telecommunications   
 Networking and telecommunications technologies; Wireless, mobility and multimedia systems; Internet and Web Services technologies; Systems performance, security, and high availability; Communications protocols (SIP/H323/MPLS/IP); Specialized networks (GRID/P2P/Overlay/Ad hoc/Sensor); Advanced services (VoIP/IPTV/Video-on-Demand); Advanced paradigms (SOA/WS/on-demand)  
 eDefense for security and protection   
 Knowledge for global defense; Security in network, systems, and applications; Trust, privacy, and safeness; Business continuity and availability; Cryptography and algorithms encryption; Rapid Internet attacks and network; Applications and network vulnerabilities  
 Intrusion Prevention and Detection Systems   
 Reducing false positives and improving true positives; Automating IPDS responses; Innovative signature writing and processing; Improving IPDS usability; Successful approaches to Anomaly IPDS (Statistical; Fuzzy logic; Bayesian; Neural networks, etc.); Inventive behavioural based IPDS methods; Inventive host based IPDS methods; Improving the performance of IPDS; Multiple sensor IPDS; Tuning IPDS; The business cases supporting IPDS; Network traffic normalization techniques; Cost/Benefit of IPDS; Combining IPDS with other hardware e.g. firewalls, routers etc.; Inventive methods of using IPDS to counter specific attack types (Web attacks; Buffer overflow attacks; Brute force attacks, etc.); Comparisons of different IPDS mechanisms; Combining multiple IPDS approaches  
 Enforced citizen-centric paradigms   
 Data-centered information systems; User-centric information systems; Pervasive and ubiquitous systems; Mobile learning and communications; Open and distance education systems  
 Web accessibility   
 Design approaches, techniques, and tools to support Web accessibility; Best practices for evaluation, testing reviews and repair techniques; Accessibility across the entire system lifecycle; Accessibility within e-organizations: good practices and experiences; Industry and research collaboration, learning from practice, and technology transfer; Mobile Internet-Web Accessibility; Developing user interfaces for different devices; Dealing with different interaction modalities; Web authoring guidelines and tools; Accessibility and other core areas related to the Web user experience; (UX): Usability, Findability, Valuability, Credibility, etc.; Innovations in assistive technologies for the Web; Accessible graphic formats and tools for their creation; Adaptive Web accessibility; Accessibility and information architecture; Universally accessible graphical design approaches; User Profiling; Cognitive and behavioral psychology of end user experiences and scenarios  
 Computational advertising   
 Computational linguistics; Linguistic signal processing; Statistical properties of community structures; Semantic contextual advertising; Relevance and click feedback; Searching dense and isolated submarkets; Latent factor models; Semantic relatedness; Personalized ad delivery; Processing over query-dependent functions; Inverse document frequency; Query-biased summarization; Pseudo-relevance feedback; Classification of rare queries; Page ranking  
 Management and control   
 Digital telecommunications management; Control and monitoring systems; Measurement and management systems; Human/Machine interface and man-in-the-loop control; Energy and power systems control; Self-monitoring, self-diagnosing, self-management systems  
 Digital analysis and processing   
 Digital information processing (Voice/Data/Video); Computer graphics and animation; Virtual reality/3D graphics/Games; Computer modeling/simulation; Graphic/Image/Photo/Hand-writing analysis and processing; Pattern recognition / Computer vision; Natural language processing / robust processing; Speech recognition and processing  
 Mobile devices and biotechnologies   
 Robotics/Mobile devices/ Mobile networks; Handled and wearable computing and devices; Vehicular navigation and control; Nanotechnologies/Systems-on-the-chip/Networks-on-the-chip/ Haptic phenomena; Biotechnologies/Bioinformatics/Biometrics/Biomedical systems; Computational biochemistry; Biological data management  
 Software and system robustness for digital society   
 Portals and user-oriented systems; Software as a service; Software specification and design methodologies; Software development and deployment; Programming languages and supporting tools; Patterns/Anti-patterns/Artifacts/Frameworks; Agile/Generic/Agent-oriented programming; Neuronal networks/Fuzzy logic/Temporal logic/ Genetic Algorithms; Reasoning models/Model checking/Modular reasoning/; Program verification/validation/correctness ; Embedded and real-time systems;  
 Consumer-oriented digital design   
 Online consumer decision support & advertising; Semiotic engineering of online services; Human factors in computer systems; Personal information management; Consumer trust in digital society; Interaction in smart environments; Mobile consumers and interactive spaces; Hedonic and perceived digital quality; Usability, aesthetics, and accessibility; Multimodal and interactive interfaces; Intelligent user interfaces  
 Social networking   
 Social networking technologies (Web 2.0, faceBook, YouTube, Twitter, etc.); Enterprise social networking; General informative webcast; Government information webcast; State-of-the-art for chat, blogs, wikis, etc.; Text-audio-video blogs; Virtual tradeshows; Social profiling; Contextual social network analysis; Personalization for search and for social interaction; Dynamics, evolution, and trend prediction patterns; Social interactions; Medical assistance in social networking; Data protection inside communities; Misbehavior detection in communities; Pattern presentation for end-users and experts; Evolution of communities in the Web; Online and offline social networks; Information acquisition and establishment of social relations  
 ICT support and applications for eCollaboration   
 Touch screen voting; Local e-Participation; Portals and eGovernment websites; eGovernment platforms and benchmarks; Business process management; Interoperable frameworks (national and cross-countries); Private-public eCollaboration; Regional and cross-nation competitiveness  
 Cyberlaws   
 Digital Divide and Accessibility; e-Democracy and e-Government; Privacy; e-Anonymity and e-Identity; WEB x.0 Impersonation, e-Harassment and e-Threats; e-Loss; e-Fraud Prevention; Technical Countermeasures; e-Law; e-Punishment; e-International relations  
  Deadlines:   

 Submission | Feb 04, 2025 
 Notification | Mar 23, 2025 
 Registration | Mar 30, 2025 
 Camera ready | Apr 13, 2025 

 Deadlines  differ for special tracks. Please consult the conference home page for special tracks Call for Papers (if any).  
   
 Technical Co-Sponsors and Logistic Supporters   

 Copyright (c) 2006-2024, IARIA  
    
  
Call for papers data: 
Not Found  
 The requested URL was not found on this server.  
 Additionally, a 404 Not Found error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.  
  Important dates data: 
undefined

38. Conference HotOS_2:
首页 
  学术快讯 
  招生招聘 
  学术会议 
  团队协作 
  课程平台 
  开放数据 
  知识图谱 
  SCHOLAT+ | 学者百科 
  高校师资栏目 
  学术会议平台 
  知识图谱 
  学者百科 
  高校师资栏目 
  学术会议平台 
    
 学者    学讯    
 学术    
 学者    
 团队    
 课程    

 我的空间    
     
 个人主页 
  设置 
  帮助 
  退出登录 

 登录  注册    

 HotOS 2025: USENIX Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems   
 https://sigops.org/s/conferences/hotos/2025/    20 CCF B   

 Submission Date: 2025-01-15  Conference Date: 2025-05-14    
 Notification Date: 2025-04-01  Location: Banff, Alberta, Canada    

  84   
  0   
  0   
  2024-11-04 05:00:24    
  2024-11-04   

    登录用户可以查看和发表评论， 请前往 登录  或 注册  。    

 SCHOLAT.com 学者网   
  免责声明  | 关于我们  | 用户反馈   
  联系我们： 读取中...  hnNijkJXGJ@NDRne.com LkZMyrcXu@tdc.com SMDNEJY@OfGMzE.com hqzhLDb@pflu.com fLgeeMjJU@JpidN.com fcolTVxFO@ErMKTkv.com Uktju@EeX.com yPEkqnvkWm@eyQLVp.com WRzOBoH@WCniwF.com HDBPwNBEFy@StH.com      
  
Call for papers data: 
             
 首页 
  学术快讯 
  招生招聘 
  学术会议 
  团队协作 
  课程平台 
  开放数据 
  知识图谱 
  SCHOLAT+ | 学者百科 
  高校师资栏目 
  学术会议平台 
  知识图谱 
  学者百科 
  高校师资栏目 
  学术会议平台 
    
 学者    学讯    
 学术    
 学者    
 团队    
 课程    

 我的空间    
     
 个人主页 
  设置 
  帮助 
  退出登录 

 登录  注册    

 Take your research further with SCHOLAT data   
   
 SROAD (SCHOLAT Research Open-Access Dataset) is designed to help academics and independent researchers advance research objectives on academic social network, SCHOLAT knowledge graph, smart education and other AI related fields.   

 Introduction  
 SCHOLAT is an emerging vertical social networking system designed and built specifically for scholars, learners and course instructors. The main goal of SCHOLAT is to enhance collaboration and social interactions focused around scholarly and learning discourses among the community of scholars. In addition to social networking capabilities, SCHOLAT incorporates various modules to encourage collaborative and interactive discussions, for example, chat, email, events, news posts, etc.  
 SCHOLAT Open-Access Dataset  
  
 Name | Nodes | Edges | Description 
 SCHOLAT Social Network | 16,007 | 202,248 | 1 st  ChineseCSCW Cup  in 2020 
 SCHOLAT Link Prediction | 10,755 | Train: 168,540  
  Dev: 16,854  
  Test: 16,854 | 2 nd  ChineseCSCW Cup  in 2021 
 Anomaly Detection on Attributed Network | 2,022 | 2,500 | View the details in our paper  on TKDE 2021 
 User-Generated Item Recommendation | 1,991 users | 5,008 items | View the details in our paper  on KBS 2021 
 SCHOLAT Interactive User Recommendation | 39,805 users | 680,267 interactions | 3 rd  ChineseCSCW Cup  in 2022 
 SCHOLAT Multiplex Network | 2,302 | Co-friends: 11,393  
  Co-team: 139,004  
  Co-class: 70,226 | Attributes: 477, Communities: 11  
  4 th  ChineseCSCW Cup  in 2023 
 SCHOLAT ScholarNet | 9,537 | Train: 128,924  
  Test: 32,231 | 5 th  ChineseCSCW Cup  in 2024 
  
 * More SCHOLAT open-access dataset will be released soon.  
 Download Notice  
 If you want to acquire any dataset, you should login to SCHOLAT and fill the application form.  
 Copyright Notice  
 Respect the privacy of personal information of the original source. 
  The original copyright of all the dataset belongs to "SCHOLAT Lab". "SCHOLAT Lab" collects, organizes, filters and purifies them. 
  If you want to use the dataset for depth study, data providers "SCHOLAT Lab" should be identified in your results. 
  The dataset is only for the specified applicant or study groups for research purposes. Without permission, it may not be used for any commercial purposes. 
  If the terms changed, the latest online version shall prevail. 
  1. SCHOLAT Social Network [Download]   
 Community is the implicit structure in social networks. In academic social networks, the users with similar or same research interests are more likely to be in the same community with close links and similar attributes. Effective community detection results can be further utilized for user analytics and user recommendation.  
 This dataset aims to fuse user links and attributes for community detection. The dataset mainly consists of three parts where contains 16,007 users and 202,248 links. (1) "attribute" directory contains 16,007 files which are user attributes with the user IDs as file names. (2) "links.txt" contains 202,248 lines and each line means that there exists one link (friendship, team members in the same research teams, or classmates in the same courses) between two users (represented as IDs) which are split by TAB. (3) "lexicons.txt" contains 25,817 words with 15,790 Chinese words and 10,027 English words, which constitutes all the user attributes.  
 BTW, the last version of this dataset has been successfully applied for the first ChineseCSCW Big Data Analytics Competition (1 st  ChineseCSCW Cup) on the 15 th  Chinese Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing (ChineseCSCW 2020). View the details on https://www.scholat.com/confweb/CCSCW2020/big_data_competiton.jsp  . The difference between this version and the last version on ChineseCSCW Cup is that we extend more user links.  
  
  How to cite:  
   
 Q. Xu, L. Qiu, R. Lin, Y. Tang, C. He and C. Yuan, "An Improved Community Detection Algorithm via Fusing Topology and Attribute Information," 2021 IEEE 24th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design (CSCWD), 2021, pp. 1069-1074. | [BibTeX] 
   
 2. SCHOLAT Link Prediction [Download]   
 Link prediction is an important research problem in academic social network analysis. It mines possible relationships among scholars by using existing network structure and external information. An effective link prediction method can support many personalized applications of academic social networks, including recommendation of scholars' friends/followers, completion/prediction of scholars' collaborative relationship, and recommendation of academic resources.  
 This dataset mainly contains the user attributes and links among 10,755 users from SCHOLAT. The "attribute" directory contains 10,755 files which are user attributes with the user IDs as file names. "train.csv", "dev.csv" and "test.csv" are 168540, 16854 and 16854 undirected edges respectively with the 2-column user nodes.  
 This dataset will be used for the second ChineseCSCW Big Data Analytics Competition (2 nd  ChineseCSCW Cup) on the 16th Chinese Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing (ChineseCSCW 2021).  
  
  How to cite:  
   
 Ronghua Lin, Yong Tang, Chengzhe Yuan, Chaobo He, Weisheng Li. SCHOLAT Link Prediction: A Link Prediction Dataset Fusing Topology and Attribute Information. In: Y. Sun, T. Lu, B. Cao, H. Fan, D. Liu, B. Du, L. Gao (Eds.), Computer Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing, Springer Nature Singapore, Singapore, 2022, pp. 340–351. 
   
 3. Anomaly Detection on Attributed Network [Download]   
 Anomaly detection on attributed networks is an important task in social network analysis. The goal is to find the anomalies that deviate significantly from the majority of the network in terms of some proximities, e.g. topological structure or attribute proximity. An effective anomaly detection can support many applications such as web spam detection, system fraud detection, network intrusion detection and representation learning.  
 This dataset is adopted for simultaneously detecting structure/attribute-abnormal nodes and motif instances. The nodes represent the scholars and the edges denote the message interactions between the two ending nodes. The breadth first search with random restart is used to craw the nodes. And the nodes of degree no larger than 50 are preserved. The node attribute vectors are extracted by means of applying Principal Components Analysis (PCA) on the brief biographies of the corresponding scholars. After preprocessing and subset selection, the SCHOLAT dataset contains 2,022 nodes, 2,500 edges and 329 triangle motif instances. The dimension of the node attribute vectors is 500. The number of the motif-augmented edges is 8,361.  
  
  How to cite:  
   
 L. Huang, Y. Zhu, Y. Gao, T. Liu, C. Chang, C. Liu, Y. Tang and C. Wang, "Hybrid-Order Anomaly Detection on Attributed Networks," in IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering, doi: 10.1109/TKDE.2021.3117842. | [BibTeX] 
   
 4. User-Generated Item Recommendation [Download]   
 Most of the existing recommendation methods assume that all the items are provided by separate producers, which is however not true in some recommendation tasks. That is, it is possible that some of the items are generated by users. Appropriately considering the user-item generation relation may bring benefit to some recommender systems, e.g., implicit recommender systems with only implicit user-item interactions.  
 In our paper in Knowledge-Based Systems 2022, we have proposed a new method called Deep Interaction-Attribute-Generation (DIAG) model, which integrates the user-item interaction relation, the user-item generation relation and the item attribute information into one deep learning framework. And we have collected two datasets, namely Scholat and Lizhi.  
 The Scholat dataset is a post recommendation dataset obtained from the scholar social network https://www.scholat.com/  . The scholars are taken as users and the posts are taken as items. Each post is generated by at most one scholar (i.e. user-item generation) and will be read by many scholars (i.e. user-item interaction). The item attribute vector is obtained by applying word2vec to the 0/1-valued word vector representing the absence/presence of each word in the title and content of the post. The dimension of the item attribute vector is 372. Only the users with no less than 2 interactions are preserved. After preprocessing, a subset consisting of 1991 users and 5008 items is obtained. The number of user-item interactions is 13960. The number of user-item generations is 3776.  
 The Lizhi dataset is an audio recommendation dataset obtained from the online audio platform https://www.lizhi.fm  . The normal users are taken as users and the audios are taken as items. Each audio is generated by at most one user (i.e. user-item generation) and will be listened to by many users (i.e. user-item interaction). The item attribute vector characterizes the key information of the audio, namely the gender and age of the user generating this audio, and the bag of words (BOW) representation of the tags of the audio. The dimension of the item attribute vectors is 514. Only users with at least 10 user-item interactions are preserved. After preprocessing, a subset consisting of 3716 users and 9205 items is obtained. The number of user-item interactions is 858124. The number of user-item generations is 5744.  
 The source code and data are available at https://www.scholat.com/datasetApplication.html?dataset=diag_recommendation  .  
  
  How to cite:  
   
 Ling Huang, Bi-Yi Chen, Hai-Yi Ye, Rong-Hua Lin, Yong Tang, Min Fu, Jianyi Huang, and Chang-Dong Wang. DIAG: A Deep Interaction-Attribute-Generation Model for User-Generated Item Recommendation. Knowledge-Based Systems 2022. 
   
 5. SCHOLAT Interactive User Recommendation [Download]   
 Interactive recommender systems (IRS) have attracted more and more attention in recent years, which can receive user feedbacks on the recommendation list and constantly improve the recommendation results. This dataset contains 39,805 users and 680,267 historical interactions among them from SCHOLAT. The "user_attribute" directory contains 39,805 files which are user attributes with the user IDs (from 0 to 39,804) as file names. The user attributes are extracted from their biography in SCHOLAT and most of them are in Chinese. The file "user_interactions.txt" contains all the user interactions that are in the format as "User1::User2::Reward::Timestamp", where "User1" is the ID of user1, "User2" is the ID of user2, "Reward" represents the feedback or rating on user2 by user1, and "Timestamp" is the time at which this interaction happened. More specifically, if user1 clicks or browses user2's homepage, the reward is set as 1. If user1 follows user2, the reward is set as 3. If user1 unfollows user2, the reward is -1. All the user IDs range between 0 and 39,804.  
 This dataset will also be used for the third ChineseCSCW Big Data Analytics Competition (3 rd  ChineseCSCW Cup) on the 17th Chinese Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing (ChineseCSCW 2022).  
  
  How to cite:  
   
 Ronghua Lin, Feiyi Tang, Chaobo He, Zhengyang Wu, Chengzhe Yuan, and Yong Tang. DIRS-KG: a KG-enhanced interactive recommender system based on deep reinforcement learning. World Wide Web Journal (2023). | https://doi.org/10.1007/s11280-022-01135-x 
   
 6. SCHOLAT Multiplex Network [Download]   
 The SCHOLAT Multiplex Network provides a comprehensive list of social information. In this network, we construct a multiplex structure with three layers: (1) The first layer represents connections between users who become friends. (2) The second layer represents connections between users who join the same groups. (3) The third layer represents connections between users who study the same courses. Furthermore, we define an individual ground-truth community based on the affiliation of users. All layers consist of the same 2,302 nodes with the highest quality. Each layer has a specific number of edges: 11,393 for the first layer, 139,004 for the second layer, and 70,226 for the third layer. We have divided these nodes into 11 communities.  
 This dataset will also be used for the fourth ChineseCSCW Big Data Analytics Competition (4 th  ChineseCSCW Cup) on the 18th Chinese Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing (ChineseCSCW 2023).  
  
  7. SCHOLAT ScholarNet [Download]   
 This dataset contains the user attributes and links among 9,537 users from SCHOLAT. The "attributes" directory contains 9,537 user attribute files with the user IDs as file names. The links data is divided into two parts: "train.csv" and "test.csv", which respectively include 128,924 and 32,231 undirected edges.  
 This dataset will be used for the fifth ChineseCSCW Big Data Analytics Competition (5 th  CCSCW Cup) on the 19th Chinese Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing (ChineseCSCW 2024).  

 Copyright ©2009-2024. SCHOLAT.com   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

39. Conference ICDS_1:
Contact    

 ICDS  
 International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments  
 ISSN: 2308-3956  

 Publication   
  
 Published by IARIA Press (operated by Xpert Publishing Services  ) |  
 Archived in the Open Access IARIA ThinkMind Digital Library |  
 Prints available at Curran Associates, Inc. 
 Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions to a IARIA Journal 
 Indexing Procedure 

 Affiliated Journals   

 Menu  iaria.org  Contact    
   
 ICDS - International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments  
 ISSN: 2308-3956  
   
 Registered: with the Library of Congress of the United States of America (ISSN) 
  Free Access: in | ThinkMind Digital Library 
  ICDS 2025  , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
  ISBN: 978-1-68558-267-8  
  ICDS 2024  , The Eighteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  May 26, 2024 to May 30, 2024 - Barcelona, Spain  
  ISBN: 978-1-68558-169-5  
  ICDS 2023  , The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  April 24, 2023 to April 28, 2023 - Venice, Italy  
  ISBN: 978-1-68558-077-3  
  ICDS 2022  , The Sixteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  June 26, 2022 to June 30, 2022 - Porto, Portugal  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-981-2  
  ICDS 2021  , The Fifteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  July 18, 2021 to July 22, 2021 - Nice, France  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-869-3  
  ICDS 2020  , The Fourteenth International Conference on Digital Society   
  November 21, 2020 to November 25, 2020 - Valencia, Spain  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-760-3  
  ICDS 2019  , The Thirteenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments   
  February 24, 2019 to February 28, 2019 - Athens, Greece  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-685-9  
  ICDS 2018  , The Twelfth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments   
  March 25, 2018 to March 29, 2018 - Rome, Italy  
  ISBN: 978-1-61208-615-6  
  ICDS 2017  , The Eleventh International Conference on Digital Society  
   March 19 - 23, 2017 - Nice, France  
  ICDS 2016  , The Tenth International Conference on Digital Society  
   April 24-28, 2016 - Venice, Italy  
  ICDS 2015  , The Ninth International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 22 - 27, 2015 - Lisbon, Portugal  
  ICDS 2014  , The Eighth International Conference on Digital Society  
   March 23 - 27, 2014 - Barcelona, Spain  
  ICDS 2013  , The Seventh International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 24 - March 1, 2013 - Nice, France  
  ICDS 2012  , The Sixth International Conference on Digital Society  
   January 29-February 4, 2011 - Valencia, Spain  
  ICDS 2011  , The FIfth International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 23-28, 2011 - Gosier, Guadeloupe, France  
  ICDS 2010  , The Fourth International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 10-15, 2010 - St. Maarten, Netherlands Antilles  
  ICDS 2009  , The Third International Conference on Digital Society  
   February 1-7, 2009 - Cancun, Mexico  
  ICDS 2008  , The Second International Conference on the Digital Society   
  February 10-15, 2008 - Sainte Luce, Martinique  
  ICDS 2007  , The First International Conference on the Digital Society   
  January 2-6, 2007, Guadeloupe, French Caribbean  

 Copyright (c) 2006-2024, IARIA  
    
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

40. Conference HotOS_3:
Skip to main content    
   USENIX supports diversity, equity, and inclusion and condemns hate and discrimination  .  

 About 
  Conferences | Upcoming 
  By Name 
  Calls for Papers 
  Grants 
  Sponsorship 
  Best Papers 
  Test of Time Awards 
  Multimedia 
  Conference FAQ 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Publications 
  Membership 
  Students 
  Search 
  Donate Today 

 Sign In 
  Search 

    About | USENIX Board 
  Staff 
  Newsroom 
  Good Works 
  Blog 
  Governance and Financials 
  USENIX Awards 
  USENIX Supporters 
  2024 Board Election 
  Board Meeting Minutes 
  Donate 
  Conferences | Upcoming 
  By Name 
  Calls for Papers 
  Grants 
  Sponsorship 
  Best Papers 
  Test of Time Awards 
  Multimedia 
  Conference FAQ 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Publications | Proceedings 
  Author Resources 
  ;login: Online 
  Writing for ;login: Online 
  ;login: Archive 
  Membership 
  Students | Conference Fees 
  Campus Representative Program 
  Student Grant Program 
  Search 
  Donate Today 

 You are here  
 Conferences    

 HotOS  

 Donate Today    

 2015 | 15th Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems | May 18, 2015  – May 20, 2015   | Kartause Ittingen, Switzerland, Switzerland |  
 2013 | 14th Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems | May 13, 2013  – May 15, 2013   | Santa Ana Pueblo, NM, United States |  
 2011 | 13th Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems | May 9, 2011  – May 11, 2011   | Napa, CA, United States |  
 2009 | 12th Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems | May 18, 2009  – May 20, 2009   | Monte Verità, Switzerland, Switzerland |  
 2007 | 11th Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems | May 7, 2007  – May 9, 2007   | San Diego, CA, United States |  
 2005 | Tenth Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems | June 12, 2005  – June 15, 2005   | Santa Fe, NM, United States |  
 2003 | 9th Workshop on Hot Topics in Operating Systems | May 18, 2003  – May 21, 2003   | Lihue, HI, United States |  

 © USENIX 2024  
  Website designed and built  
  by Giant Rabbit LLC   

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

  Sign up for Our Newsletter:   

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to main content    
   USENIX supports diversity, equity, and inclusion and condemns hate and discrimination  .  

 About 
  Conferences | Upcoming 
  By Name 
  Calls for Papers 
  Grants 
  Sponsorship 
  Best Papers 
  Test of Time Awards 
  Multimedia 
  Conference FAQ 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Publications 
  Membership 
  Students 
  Search 
  Donate Today 

 Sign In 
  Search 

    About | USENIX Board 
  Staff 
  Newsroom 
  Good Works 
  Blog 
  Governance and Financials 
  USENIX Awards 
  USENIX Supporters 
  2024 Board Election 
  Board Meeting Minutes 
  Donate 
  Conferences | Upcoming 
  By Name 
  Calls for Papers 
  Grants 
  Sponsorship 
  Best Papers 
  Test of Time Awards 
  Multimedia 
  Conference FAQ 
  Conference Policies 
  Code of Conduct 
  Publications | Proceedings 
  Author Resources 
  ;login: Online 
  Writing for ;login: Online 
  ;login: Archive 
  Membership 
  Students | Conference Fees 
  Campus Representative Program 
  Student Grant Program 
  Search 
  Donate Today 

 You are here  
 Conferences    

 Calls for Papers and Calls for Participation  

 Donate Today    
   
 Publish and Present Your Work at USENIX Conferences  
 The program committees of the following conferences are seeking submissions. CiteSeer ranks the USENIX Conference Proceedings among the the top ten highest-impact publication venues for computer science. By submitting a paper to a USENIX conference, you have the opportunity to present your work directly to your peers and to share it with a wide audience of readers of the Proceedings  . Please see our Conference Submissions Policy  .  
 Please note: All submission deadline times listed below are for the Pacific time zone. See the original CFP for submission deadlines that are in Anywhere on Earth (AoE) or Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).  
   
 USENIX ATC '25:  2025 USENIX Annual Technical Conference | July 7, 2025  – July 9, 2025   , Boston, MA, United States | Abstract registrations due: | January 7, 2025 - 3:59 pm | The 2025 USENIX Annual Technical Conference seeks original, high-quality submissions that improve and further the knowledge of computing systems, with an emphasis on implementations and experimental results. We are interested in systems of all scales, from small embedded mobile devices to data centers and clouds. The scope of USENIX ATC covers all practical aspects related to computer systems, including but not limited to: operating systems; runtime systems; parallel and distributed systems; storage; networking; security and privacy; virtualization; software-hardware interactions; performance evaluation and workload characterization; reliability, availability, and scalability; energy and power management; and bug-finding, tracing, analyzing, and troubleshooting. | We value submissions more highly if they are accompanied by clearly defined artifacts not previously available, including traces, original data, source code, or tools developed as part of the submitted work. We particularly encourage new ideas and approaches. | Submissions must contain original unpublished material that is not under review at any other forum, including journals, conferences, and workshops with proceedings. They will be judged on relevance, novelty, technical merit, correctness, and clarity. An idea or a design that the PC deems flawed can be grounds for rejection. USENIX ATC '25 will employ double-blind reviewing. Papers that are not properly anonymized may be rejected without review. | Read More 

 © USENIX 2024  
  Website designed and built  
  by Giant Rabbit LLC   

 Privacy Policy 
  Contact Us 

  Sign up for Our Newsletter:   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

41. Conference ICDS_2:
InfoSys 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICNS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Networking and Services 
  ICAS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems 
  ENERGY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Smart Grids, Green Communications and IT Energy-aware Technologies 
  WEB 2025 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Building and Exploring Web Based Environments 
  DBKDA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Databases, Knowledge, and Data Applications 
  SIGNAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Signal, Image and Video Processing 
  BIOTECHNO 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Bioinformatics, Biocomputational Systems and Biotechnologies 
  AIHealth 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-Health 
  InfoWare 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICCGI 2025 | , The Twentieth International Multi-Conference on Computing in the Global Information Technology 
  ICWMC 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Communications 
  VEHICULAR 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Advances in Vehicular Systems, Technologies and Applications 
  INTERNET 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Evolving Internet 
  COLLA 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Collaborative Networks, Systems and Applications 
  INTELLI 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Applications 
  VISUAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Applications and Systems of Visual Paradigms 
  HUSO 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Human and Social Analytics 
  BRAININFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Neuroscience and Cognitive Brain Information 
  DataSys 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 AICT 2025 | , The Twenty-Second Advanced International Conference on Telecommunications 
  ICIW 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet and Web Applications and Services 
  ICIMP 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet Monitoring and Protection 
  SMART 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Smart Cities, Systems, Devices and Technologies 
  IMMM 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in Information Mining and Management 
  INFOCOMP 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Communications and Computation 
  MOBILITY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Mobile Services, Resources, and Users 
  SPWID 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Smart Portable, Wearable, Implantable and Disability-oriented Devices and Systems 
  ACCSE 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Computation, Communications and Services 
  ComputationWorld 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 SERVICE COMPUTATION 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Service Computing 
  CLOUD COMPUTING 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Cloud Computing, GRIDs, and Virtualization 
  FUTURE COMPUTING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Future Computational Technologies and Applications 
  COGNITIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Cognitive Technologies and Applications 
  ADAPTIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Adaptive and Self-Adaptive Systems and Applications 
  CONTENT 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Creative Content Technologies 
  PATTERNS 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Pervasive Patterns and Applications 
  COMPUTATION TOOLS 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Computational Logics, Algebras, Programming, Tools, and Benchmarking 
  BUSTECH 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Business Intelligence and Technology 
  AIVR 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Immersive Virtual Reality 
  NexComm 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDT 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Digital Telecommunications 
  SPACOMM 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Satellite and Space Communications 
  ICN 2025 | , The Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Networks 
  ICONS 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems 
  MMEDIA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Multimedia 
  PESARO 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Performance, Safety and Robustness in Complex Systems and Applications 
  CTRQ 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Communication Theory, Reliability, and Quality of Service 
  ALLDATA 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Big Data, Small Data, Linked Data and Open Data 
  SOFTENG 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Advances and Trends in Software Engineering 
  DigitalWorld 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  IARIA Congress 2025   , The 2025 IARIA Annual Congress on Frontiers in Science, Technology, Services, and Applications  
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DigiTech 2025 Congress    
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DIGITAL 2025 | , Advances on Societal Digital Transformation 
  IoTAI 2025 | , The Second International Conference on IoT-AI 
  GPTMB 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Generative Pre-trained Transformer Models and Beyond 
  NexTech 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 UBICOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies 
  ADVCOMP 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advanced Engineering Computing and Applications in Sciences 
  SEMAPRO 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advances in Semantic Processing 
  AMBIENT 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Ambient Computing, Applications, Services and Technologies 
  EMERGING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Emerging Networks and Systems Intelligence 
  DATA ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Data Analytics 
  GLOBAL HEALTH 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Global Health Challenges 
  CYBER 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems 
  SoftNet 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICSEA 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  AISyS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-based Systems and Services 
  SocSys 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 PANDEMICS ANALYTICS 2025 | , International Conference on Pandemics Analytics 
  PREDICTION SOLUTIONS 2025 | , International Conference on Prediction Solutions for Technical and Societal Systems 
  SOCIETY TRENDS 2025 | , International Conference on Technical Advances and Human Consequences 
  MODERN SYSTEMS 2025 | , International Conference of Modern Systems Engineering Solutions 
  IoTUAV 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Internet of Things and Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles 
  NetWare 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 SENSORCOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Sensor Technologies and Applications 
  SENSORDEVICES 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Sensor Device Technologies and Applications 
  SECURWARE 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems and Technologies 
  AFIN 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Future Internet 
  CENICS 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Circuits, Electronics and Micro-electronics 
  ICQNM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Quantum, Nano/Bio, and Micro Technologies 
  FASSI 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Fundamentals and Advances in Software Systems Integration 
  GREEN 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Green Communications, Computing and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  TechWorld 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 EXPLAINABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Explainability 
  SCALABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Scalability and Expandability 
  VEHICULAR ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Vehicular Systems 
  WIRELESS ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Wireless and Telecommunications | InfoSys 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICNS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Networking and Services 
  ICAS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems 
  ENERGY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Smart Grids, Green Communications and IT Energy-aware Technologies 
  WEB 2025 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Building and Exploring Web Based Environments 
  DBKDA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Databases, Knowledge, and Data Applications 
  SIGNAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Signal, Image and Video Processing 
  BIOTECHNO 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Bioinformatics, Biocomputational Systems and Biotechnologies 
  AIHealth 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-Health 
  InfoWare 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICCGI 2025 | , The Twentieth International Multi-Conference on Computing in the Global Information Technology 
  ICWMC 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Communications 
  VEHICULAR 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Advances in Vehicular Systems, Technologies and Applications 
  INTERNET 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Evolving Internet 
  COLLA 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Collaborative Networks, Systems and Applications 
  INTELLI 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Applications 
  VISUAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Applications and Systems of Visual Paradigms 
  HUSO 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Human and Social Analytics 
  BRAININFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Neuroscience and Cognitive Brain Information 
  DataSys 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 AICT 2025 | , The Twenty-Second Advanced International Conference on Telecommunications 
  ICIW 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet and Web Applications and Services 
  ICIMP 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet Monitoring and Protection 
  SMART 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Smart Cities, Systems, Devices and Technologies 
  IMMM 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in Information Mining and Management 
  INFOCOMP 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Communications and Computation 
  MOBILITY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Mobile Services, Resources, and Users 
  SPWID 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Smart Portable, Wearable, Implantable and Disability-oriented Devices and Systems 
  ACCSE 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Computation, Communications and Services 
  ComputationWorld 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 SERVICE COMPUTATION 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Service Computing 
  CLOUD COMPUTING 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Cloud Computing, GRIDs, and Virtualization 
  FUTURE COMPUTING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Future Computational Technologies and Applications 
  COGNITIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Cognitive Technologies and Applications 
  ADAPTIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Adaptive and Self-Adaptive Systems and Applications 
  CONTENT 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Creative Content Technologies 
  PATTERNS 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Pervasive Patterns and Applications 
  COMPUTATION TOOLS 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Computational Logics, Algebras, Programming, Tools, and Benchmarking 
  BUSTECH 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Business Intelligence and Technology 
  AIVR 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Immersive Virtual Reality 
  NexComm 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDT 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Digital Telecommunications 
  SPACOMM 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Satellite and Space Communications 
  ICN 2025 | , The Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Networks 
  ICONS 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems 
  MMEDIA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Multimedia 
  PESARO 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Performance, Safety and Robustness in Complex Systems and Applications 
  CTRQ 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Communication Theory, Reliability, and Quality of Service 
  ALLDATA 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Big Data, Small Data, Linked Data and Open Data 
  SOFTENG 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Advances and Trends in Software Engineering 
  DigitalWorld 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  IARIA Congress 2025   , The 2025 IARIA Annual Congress on Frontiers in Science, Technology, Services, and Applications  
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DigiTech 2025 Congress    
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DIGITAL 2025 | , Advances on Societal Digital Transformation 
  IoTAI 2025 | , The Second International Conference on IoT-AI 
  GPTMB 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Generative Pre-trained Transformer Models and Beyond 
  NexTech 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 UBICOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies 
  ADVCOMP 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advanced Engineering Computing and Applications in Sciences 
  SEMAPRO 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advances in Semantic Processing 
  AMBIENT 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Ambient Computing, Applications, Services and Technologies 
  EMERGING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Emerging Networks and Systems Intelligence 
  DATA ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Data Analytics 
  GLOBAL HEALTH 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Global Health Challenges 
  CYBER 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems 
  SoftNet 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICSEA 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  AISyS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-based Systems and Services 
  SocSys 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 PANDEMICS ANALYTICS 2025 | , International Conference on Pandemics Analytics 
  PREDICTION SOLUTIONS 2025 | , International Conference on Prediction Solutions for Technical and Societal Systems 
  SOCIETY TRENDS 2025 | , International Conference on Technical Advances and Human Consequences 
  MODERN SYSTEMS 2025 | , International Conference of Modern Systems Engineering Solutions 
  IoTUAV 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Internet of Things and Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles 
  NetWare 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 SENSORCOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Sensor Technologies and Applications 
  SENSORDEVICES 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Sensor Device Technologies and Applications 
  SECURWARE 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems and Technologies 
  AFIN 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Future Internet 
  CENICS 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Circuits, Electronics and Micro-electronics 
  ICQNM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Quantum, Nano/Bio, and Micro Technologies 
  FASSI 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Fundamentals and Advances in Software Systems Integration 
  GREEN 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Green Communications, Computing and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  TechWorld 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 EXPLAINABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Explainability 
  SCALABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Scalability and Expandability 
  VEHICULAR ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Vehicular Systems 
  WIRELESS ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Wireless and Telecommunications | ThinkMind  // ICDS, International Conference on Digital Society   
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-3956  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICDS 2011, The Fifth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2012, The Sixth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2013, The Seventh International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2014, The Eighth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2015, The Ninth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2016, The Tenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2017, The Eleventh International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2018, The Twelfth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2019, The Thirteenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2020, The Fourteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2021, The Fifteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2022, The Sixteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2023, The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2024, The Eighteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
 SERVICES   CONTACT   
  2010 - 2022 © ThinkMind. All rights reserved.  
  Read Terms of Service  and Privacy Policy  . | ThinkMind  // ICDS, International Conference on Digital Society   
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-3956  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICDS 2011, The Fifth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2012, The Sixth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2013, The Seventh International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2014, The Eighth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2015, The Ninth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2016, The Tenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2017, The Eleventh International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2018, The Twelfth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2019, The Thirteenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2020, The Fourteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2021, The Fifteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2022, The Sixteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2023, The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2024, The Eighteenth International Conference on Digital Society | SERVICES   CONTACT   
  2010 - 2022 © ThinkMind. All rights reserved.  
  Read Terms of Service  and Privacy Policy  . |  
 InfoSys 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICNS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Networking and Services 
  ICAS 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems 
  ENERGY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Smart Grids, Green Communications and IT Energy-aware Technologies 
  WEB 2025 | , The Thirteenth International Conference on Building and Exploring Web Based Environments 
  DBKDA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Databases, Knowledge, and Data Applications 
  SIGNAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Signal, Image and Video Processing 
  BIOTECHNO 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Bioinformatics, Biocomputational Systems and Biotechnologies 
  AIHealth 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-Health 
  InfoWare 2025 Congress    
  March 09, 2025 to March 13, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICCGI 2025 | , The Twentieth International Multi-Conference on Computing in the Global Information Technology 
  ICWMC 2025 | , The Twenty-Second International Conference on Wireless and Mobile Communications 
  VEHICULAR 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Advances in Vehicular Systems, Technologies and Applications 
  INTERNET 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Evolving Internet 
  COLLA 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Collaborative Networks, Systems and Applications 
  INTELLI 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Applications 
  VISUAL 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Applications and Systems of Visual Paradigms 
  HUSO 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Human and Social Analytics 
  BRAININFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Neuroscience and Cognitive Brain Information 
  DataSys 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 AICT 2025 | , The Twenty-Second Advanced International Conference on Telecommunications 
  ICIW 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet and Web Applications and Services 
  ICIMP 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Internet Monitoring and Protection 
  SMART 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Smart Cities, Systems, Devices and Technologies 
  IMMM 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advances in Information Mining and Management 
  INFOCOMP 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Advanced Communications and Computation 
  MOBILITY 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Mobile Services, Resources, and Users 
  SPWID 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Smart Portable, Wearable, Implantable and Disability-oriented Devices and Systems 
  ACCSE 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Computation, Communications and Services 
  ComputationWorld 2025 Congress    
  April 06, 2025 to April 10, 2025 - Valencia, Spain  
 SERVICE COMPUTATION 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Service Computing 
  CLOUD COMPUTING 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Cloud Computing, GRIDs, and Virtualization 
  FUTURE COMPUTING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Future Computational Technologies and Applications 
  COGNITIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Cognitive Technologies and Applications 
  ADAPTIVE 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Adaptive and Self-Adaptive Systems and Applications 
  CONTENT 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Creative Content Technologies 
  PATTERNS 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Pervasive Patterns and Applications 
  COMPUTATION TOOLS 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Computational Logics, Algebras, Programming, Tools, and Benchmarking 
  BUSTECH 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Business Intelligence and Technology 
  AIVR 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Immersive Virtual Reality 
  NexComm 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDT 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Digital Telecommunications 
  SPACOMM 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Satellite and Space Communications 
  ICN 2025 | , The Twenty-Fourth International Conference on Networks 
  ICONS 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems 
  MMEDIA 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Multimedia 
  PESARO 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Performance, Safety and Robustness in Complex Systems and Applications 
  CTRQ 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Communication Theory, Reliability, and Quality of Service 
  ALLDATA 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Big Data, Small Data, Linked Data and Open Data 
  SOFTENG 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Advances and Trends in Software Engineering 
  DigitalWorld 2025 Congress    
  May 18, 2025 to May 22, 2025 - Nice, France  
 ICDS 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ACHI 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions 
  GEOProcessing 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services 
  eTELEMED 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on eHealth, Telemedicine, and Social Medicine 
  eLmL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning 
  eKNOW 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Information, Process, and Knowledge Management 
  ALLSENSORS 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Advances in Sensors, Actuators, Metering and Sensing 
  SMART ACCESSIBILITY 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Universal Accessibility in the Internet of Things and Smart Environments 
  IARIA Congress 2025   , The 2025 IARIA Annual Congress on Frontiers in Science, Technology, Services, and Applications  
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DigiTech 2025 Congress    
  July 06, 2025 to July 10, 2025 - Athens, Greece  
 DIGITAL 2025 | , Advances on Societal Digital Transformation 
  IoTAI 2025 | , The Second International Conference on IoT-AI 
  GPTMB 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Generative Pre-trained Transformer Models and Beyond 
  NexTech 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 UBICOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies 
  ADVCOMP 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advanced Engineering Computing and Applications in Sciences 
  SEMAPRO 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Advances in Semantic Processing 
  AMBIENT 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Ambient Computing, Applications, Services and Technologies 
  EMERGING 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Emerging Networks and Systems Intelligence 
  DATA ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Data Analytics 
  GLOBAL HEALTH 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Global Health Challenges 
  CYBER 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Cyber-Technologies and Cyber-Systems 
  SoftNet 2025 Congress    
  September 28, 2025 to October 02, 2025 - Lisbon, Portugal  
 ICSEA 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Software Engineering Advances 
  ICSNC 2025 | , The Twentieth International Conference on Systems and Networks Communications 
  CENTRIC 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Human-oriented and Personalized Mechanisms, Technologies, and Services 
  VALID 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Testing and Validation Lifecycle 
  SIMUL 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in System Simulation 
  SOTICS 2025 | , The Fifteenth International Conference on Social Media Technologies, Communication, and Informatics 
  INNOV 2025 | , The Fourteenth International Conference on Communications, Computation, Networks and Technologies 
  AISyS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on AI-based Systems and Services 
  SocSys 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 PANDEMICS ANALYTICS 2025 | , International Conference on Pandemics Analytics 
  PREDICTION SOLUTIONS 2025 | , International Conference on Prediction Solutions for Technical and Societal Systems 
  SOCIETY TRENDS 2025 | , International Conference on Technical Advances and Human Consequences 
  MODERN SYSTEMS 2025 | , International Conference of Modern Systems Engineering Solutions 
  IoTUAV 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Internet of Things and Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles 
  NetWare 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 SENSORCOMM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Sensor Technologies and Applications 
  SENSORDEVICES 2025 | , The Sixteenth International Conference on Sensor Device Technologies and Applications 
  SECURWARE 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems and Technologies 
  AFIN 2025 | , The Seventeenth International Conference on Advances in Future Internet 
  CENICS 2025 | , The Eighteenth International Conference on Advances in Circuits, Electronics and Micro-electronics 
  ICQNM 2025 | , The Nineteenth International Conference on Quantum, Nano/Bio, and Micro Technologies 
  FASSI 2025 | , The Eleventh International Conference on Fundamentals and Advances in Software Systems Integration 
  GREEN 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Green Communications, Computing and Technologies 
  HEALTHINFO 2025 | , The Tenth International Conference on Informatics and Assistive Technologies for Health-Care, Medical Support and Wellbeing 
  TechWorld 2025 Congress    
  October 26, 2025 to October 30, 2025 - Barcelona, Spain  
 EXPLAINABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Explainability 
  SCALABILITY 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Systems Scalability and Expandability 
  VEHICULAR ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Vehicular Systems 
  WIRELESS ANALYTICS 2025 | , The Second International Conference on Wireless and Telecommunications 
 ThinkMind  // ICDS, International Conference on Digital Society   
 Type:  conference  
 ISSN:  2308-3956  
 Notes:  IARIA Conference.  
 Editions:  - there are 14 editions.  
 ICDS 2011, The Fifth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2012, The Sixth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2013, The Seventh International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2014, The Eighth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2015, The Ninth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2016, The Tenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2017, The Eleventh International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2018, The Twelfth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2019, The Thirteenth International Conference on Digital Society and eGovernments 
  ICDS 2020, The Fourteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2021, The Fifteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2022, The Sixteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2023, The Seventeenth International Conference on Digital Society 
  ICDS 2024, The Eighteenth International Conference on Digital Society 
 SERVICES   CONTACT   
  2010 - 2022 © ThinkMind. All rights reserved.  
  Read Terms of Service  and Privacy Policy  . 
  
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

42. Conference ICDS_3:
Close    

   Nearby     Filter      Events   
    Companies   
    Experts   
    Hubs   

   Add Event    
   
   Login   

  Add a review    
 18 - 22 May 2025     
 International Conference on Digital Society 2025  
   
  Conference    
   Hotel Novotel Nice Aeroport Cap 3000  , St-Laurent-du-Var  , France  Get Directions         
  1  Follower    

  Select   Select   Save   Share    
 Interested  Request a Booth    
 Going    

 About | Exhibitors | Speakers | Reviews | Deals 
  
 Talk to people attending the event, share your expectations  
    
 Write a post here...   
   
 Post  

 Listed In  
  IT & Technology     

 Talk to people attending the event, share your expectations  
    
 Write a post here...   
   
 Post  

 Timings  
 09:00 AM-06:00 PM (expected)  
  Not Verified | Entry Fees  
 Check Official Website 
 Estimated Turnout  
 100 - 500 Delegates   
 Based on previous editions | Event Type  
  Conference 
 Editions  
 May 2025  Interested     
  +1 more edition   
   
  Frequency  Quadrennial | Official Links  
 Website  Contacts         

  Report Error   
  Claim this event 
 Event Happening Alongside  International Confer...   18 - 22 May 2025   4 Followers    

 International Confer...   18 - 22 May 2025   10 Followers    

 International Confer...   18 - 22 May 2025   4 Followers    

 International Confer...   18 - 22 May 2025   2 Followers    

 International Confer...   18 - 22 May 2025     

 International Confer...   18 - 22 May 2025   5 Followers    

 International Confer...   18 - 22 May 2025     

 International Confer...   18 - 22 May 2025     

 5 more event 
 Different Located Editions  Nice, France   18 - 22 May 2025     

 Cornellà de Llobregat, Spain   26 - 30 May 2024     

 Mogliano Veneto, Italy   24 - 28 Apr 2023   1 Followers    

 4 more event 
 Organizer  
   Send Stall Book Request   
  Queries about the event?  Ask Organizer     
   
 International Academy Research and Industry Association (IARIA)   USA  618  Total Events  •  230  Followers 
 43.658793  7.194791  Venue Map & Directions  
 Booking.com     
 Hotel Novotel Nice Aeroport Cap 3000    
 40 Avenue de Verdun 06700 Saint-Laurent-du-Var   
  St-Laurent-du-Var  , France   
 Get Directions 

 Frequently Asked Questions Contact Organizer   
  Can I get a list of speakers participating in the event?   
     
 To get the speaker list on mail register at the link  .   
   Helpful    

  Can I get a list of exhibitors participating in the event?   
     
 To get the exhibitor list on mail register at the link  .   
   Helpful    

  Ask More Questions    

 Write a Review  
   Add Your Review    

   Edition May 2025     
 How would you like to participate in this event?  
   
  Visitor     
  Exhibitor     
     Speaker     

 Followers [ Users who have shown interest for this Event ]  Join Community   Invite    

 Julius Asamoah   
  PhD Fellow at Aalborg university  
  Copenhagen, Denmark    
 Connect    

  Add Profile    

  Invite users with similar interest    
    Schwab Caroline   
 Founder & Ceo  
  St-Laurent-du-Var, France    
 Invite    

    Ksenia Gelver   
 Business Development Manager  
  St-Laurent-du-Var, France    
 Invite    

    John Geertsen   
 President  
  St-Laurent-du-Var, France    
 Invite    

    Steve Letovsky   
 Owner  
  St-Laurent-du-Var, France    
 Invite    

    Mathilde Racloz   
 Communication  
  Paris, France    
 Invite    

    Ben Lux BM   
  France    
 Invite    

    Iman Etheve   
  France    
 Invite    

    Hddj   
 President  
  Paris, France    
 Invite    

 View More    
  
 43.658793  7.194791  Venue Map & Directions  
   Hotel Novotel Nice Aeroport Cap 3000    
 40 Avenue de Verdun 06700 Saint-Laurent-du-Var   
  St-Laurent-du-Var  , France   
 Get Directions   
   
 More Events Around St-Laurent-du-Var  
  
 May 13 2025 | International Conference on Sustainable and Renewable Energy Engineering   
  Nice, France 
 May 18 2025 | International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services   
  St-Laurent-du-Var, France 
 May 18 2025 | International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  Nice, France 

   Nice   Antibes   Cannes   

 https://10times.com/hub/technology-hub   

 Next step - Complete your profile   To mark your interest in International Conference on Digital Society    
 Reach over 2M+ audience with 1 post!   
 Talk About Event  Ask Questions  Share Success    

 Complete your event journey   

 Network   
     
 Broadcast   
     
 Plan   
     
 Attend   
     
 Feedback   

 Related Events  
  
 Dec 12 2024 | Global Games Show    
  Dubai, UAE 
 Dec 12 2024 | Global AI Show Dubai    
  Dubai, UAE 
 Jan 13 2025 | BioLogic Summit    
  San Diego, USA 
 Feb 15 2025 | AI Revolution in Healthcare Summit Dubai    
  Dubai, UAE 
 Dec 10 2024 | AI Summit Seoul   
  Seoul, South Korea 

 More Events Around St-Laurent-du-Var  
  
 May 13 2025 | International Conference on Sustainable and Renewable Energy Engineering   
  Nice, France 
 May 18 2025 | International Conference on Advanced Geographic Information Systems, Applications, and Services   
  St-Laurent-du-Var, France 
 May 18 2025 | International Conference on Software Engineering Advances   
  Nice, France 

   Nice   Antibes   Cannes   
  
 Featured Hotels  
  
 Grand Hotel Moriaz   
    from EUR 172.3 
 Vue sur les Iles d'or   
     from EUR 1355.46 
 Appt Ramatuelle - Plage Pampelo..   
    from EUR 1211.1 
 Studio Le Val de Pons Ramatuelle   
    from EUR 787.44 
  
 More Hotels    

   All Events 
  Conferences 
  IT & Technology Conferences 
  IT & Technology Conferences in France 
  IT & Technology Events in St-Laurent-du-Var 

                                         Loading...   

  Selected    

  About Us  FOR PARTNERS  Event Data Intelligence  BROWSE    
 Career | Join us  Event Management Software  List Event | Partner Login  All Events  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Media & Press Releases  Event Apps  Event Marketing  Trade Shows  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Help Center | FAQ  Event Website  Testimonials  Conferences  - by Country  | by Industry     
 Feedback  Event Venues  Blog  Companies    
  By continuing past this page, you agree to our Terms of Service  , Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy  and Content Policies. All trademarks are properties of their respective owners   
 © 2014-2024 - Ten Times Online Private Limited. All rights reserved.    

           
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

43. Conference ICDSE_0:
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Welcome to ICDE 2025!  

 The annual IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE)  is one of the premier conferences in data and information engineering and addresses research issues on designing, building, managing, and evaluating advanced data intensive systems and applications. It is a leading forum for researchers, practitioners, developers, and users to explore cutting-edge ideas and to exchange techniques, tools, and experiences.  
 Each year, ICDE attracts researchers and practitioners from the academia, industry and government from across the world. The audience includes leading data scientists and professors, entrepreneurs, developers, talented young researchers/students and other thought leaders from major vendors and academia.  
 ICDE 2025 will take place in Hong Kong from May 19-23, 2025  . As one of Asia’s most vibrant and diverse metropolises, Hong Kong seamlessly blends traditional culture with modern development. Situated at the southern tip of the Pearl River Delta, this city entices millions of visitors with its diverse cuisine, architecture, and festive culture. Whether it’s the captivating views of Victoria Harbour or the bustling shopping centers, Hong Kong stands as an unmissable travel destination.  

 Welcome to ICDE 2025!   

   Previous slide    
   Next slide    

 Sep 25  : We have accepted 10 workshops for ICDE 2025! 
  Sep 15: Call for tutorials! 
  Sep 6: Call for demonstrations! 
  Aug 3  : We got 454 submissions for 1st round! 
  Jul 26  : ICDE 2025 will be a green conference! 
  Jul 23  : ICDE 2025 proposes the Review Quality Control! 

 Sponsors     

 Our General Sponsors   

 Organized by   

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

   
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

44. Conference ICDM_0:
Home 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Key Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Program 
  Sponsors 
  Attending 
   
 Select Page     

 IEEE ICDM 2025  
 The 25th IEEE International Conference  
  on Data Mining  
 November 12-15, 2025  
  Washington DC, USA  

 IEEE ICDM 2025  
 25th IEEE International Conference  
  on Data Mining  
 November 12-15, 2025  
  Washington DC, USA  

 IEEE ICDM 2025  
 25th IEEE International Conference  
  on Data Mining  
 November 12-15, 2025  
  Washington DC, USA  

 The world’s premier research  
 conference in Data Mining  

 The IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM) has established itself as the world’s premier research conference in data mining. It provides an international forum for sharing original research results, as well as for exchanging and disseminating innovative and practical development experiences. The conference covers all aspects of data mining, including algorithms, software, systems, and applications. ICDM draws researchers, application developers, and practitioners from a wide range of data mining-related areas, such as big data, deep learning, pattern recognition, statistical and machine learning, databases, data warehousing, data visualization, knowledge-based systems, high-performance computing, and large models. By promoting novel, high-quality research findings and innovative solutions to challenging data mining problems, the conference seeks to advance the state of the art in data mining.  
 Topics of interest   
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
  * Foundations, algorithms, models, and theory of data mining, including big data mining.  
  * Machine learning, deep learning, and statistical methods for big data.  
  * Mining heterogeneous data sources, including text, semi-structured, spatio-temporal, streaming, graph, web, and multimedia data  
  * Data mining systems and platforms for analyzing big data, including methods for parallel and distributed data mining, federated learning, and their efficiency, scalability, security, and privacy  
  * Data mining for modeling, visualization, personalization, and recommendation  
  * Data mining for cyber-physical systems and complex, time-evolving networks  
  * Data mining with large language models  
  * Novel applications of data mining in data science, including big data analysis in social sciences, physical sciences, engineering, life sciences, climate science, web, marketing, finance, precision medicine, health informatics, and other domains  
   
 We particularly encourage submissions in emerging topics of high importance, such as ethical data analytics, automated data analytics, data-driven reasoning, interpretable modeling, modeling with evolving environments, multi-modal data mining, and heterogeneous data integration and mining.  

   
Call for papers data: 
     
 Home 
  Organization | Organizing Committee 
  Key Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Program 
  Sponsors 
  Attending 
   
 Select Page     

 Call for Papers ( PDF  )  

 Aims and Scope   
 The IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM) has established itself as the world’s premier research conference in data mining. It provides an international forum for sharing original research results, as well as for exchanging and disseminating innovative and practical development experiences. The conference covers all aspects of data mining, including algorithms, software, systems, and applications. ICDM draws researchers, application developers, and practitioners from a wide range of data mining-related areas, such as big data, deep learning, pattern recognition, statistical and machine learning, databases, data warehousing, data visualization, knowledge-based systems, high-performance computing, and large models. By promoting novel, high-quality research findings and innovative solutions to challenging data mining problems, the conference seeks to advance the state of the art in data mining.  
 Topics of Interest   
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
  * Foundations, algorithms, models, and theory of data mining, including big data mining.  
  * Machine learning, deep learning, and statistical methods for big data.  
  * Mining heterogeneous data sources, including text, semi-structured, spatio-temporal, streaming, graph, web, and multimedia data  
  * Data mining systems and platforms for analyzing big data, including methods for parallel and distributed data mining, federated learning, and their efficiency, scalability, security, and privacy  
  * Data mining for modeling, visualization, personalization, and recommendation  
  * Data mining for cyber-physical systems and complex, time-evolving networks  
  * Data mining with large language models  
  * Novel applications of data mining in data science, including big data analysis in social sciences, physical sciences, engineering, life sciences, climate science, web, marketing, finance, precision medicine, health informatics, and other domains  
   
 We particularly encourage submissions in emerging topics of high importance, such as ethical data analytics, automated data analytics, data-driven reasoning, interpretable modeling, modeling with evolving environments, multi-modal data mining, and heterogeneous data integration and mining.  
 Submission Guidelines   
 Authors are invited to submit original papers that have not been published elsewhere and are not currently under consideration for another journal, conference, or workshop.  
 Paper submissions should be limited to a maximum of ten (10) pages in the IEEE 2-column format ( https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html  ), including the bibliography and any appendices. Submissions longer than 10 pages will be rejected without review. All submissions will be triple-blind reviewed by the Program Committee based on technical quality, relevance to the scope of the conference, originality, significance, and clarity. The following sections provide further information for authors.  
 Manuscripts must be submitted electronically through the online submission system: https://www.wi-lab.com/cyberchair/2025/icdm25/scripts/submit.php?subarea=DM  . Email submissions are not accepted.  
 Important Dates   
 Full paper submissions: June 6, 2025 
  Notifications to authors: August 25, 2025 
  **All submission deadlines are end-of-day in the Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone**  
 Triple-blind submission guidelines   
 Since 2011, ICDM has imposed a triple-blind submission and review policy for all submissions. Authors must hence not use identifying information in the text of the paper and bibliographies must be referenced to preserve anonymity. Any papers available on the Web (including arXiv) no longer qualify for ICDM submissions, as their author information is already public.  
 What is triple-blind reviewing?   The traditional blind paper submission hides the referee names from the authors, and the double-blind paper submission also hides the author names from the referees. The triple-blind reviewing further hides the referee names among referees during paper discussions before their acceptance decisions. The names of authors and referees remain known only to the PC Co-Chairs, and the author names are disclosed only after the ranking and acceptance of submissions are finalized. It is imperative that all authors of ICDM submissions conceal their identity and affiliation information in their paper submissions. It does not suffice to simply remove the author names and affiliations from the first page, but also in the content of each paper submission.  
 Authors must thoroughly anonymize their submissions:  
 Replace author and institution details in the template with “Anonymous.”  
 Refer to prior work in the third person. For example: Instead of “We extend our earlier work on clustering (Smith, 2005),” write “This work extends Smith’s earlier work (Smith, 2005) on clustering.”  
 Exclude references to funding sources, acknowledgments, and auxiliary information that could reveal author identities.  
 Make statements about well-known or unique systems in a way that does not identify the authors.  
 Name submitted files carefully to avoid compromising anonymity (e.g., use "ANewApproachToClustering.pdf" instead of "Smith.pdf").  
 Reproducibility guidelines   
 Authors must complete a reproducibility checklist at the time of paper submission (the questions in PDF format) [ https://www.cs.mcgill.ca/~jpineau/ReproducibilityChecklist-v2.0.pdf  ]. Authors are strongly recommended to start thinking about these questions already when writing the paper and to fill in the questionnaire well in time before the submission deadline. These responses will become part of each paper submission and will be shared with the area chairs and/or reviewers to help them in the evaluation process. Authors are encouraged to include in their papers all technical details (proofs, descriptions of assumptions, algorithm pseudocode) as well as information about each reproducibility criterion, as appropriate.  
 Reviewers will assess the reproducibility of the reported results, which will influence final decisions about each paper.  
 Best Paper Awards   
 Awards will be conferred at the conference to the authors of the best paper and the best student paper. A selected number of best papers will be invited for possible inclusion, in an expanded and revised form, in the Knowledge and Information Systems journal ( http://kais.bigke.org/  ) published by Springer.  
 Attendance   
 ICDM is a premier forum for presenting and discussing current research in data mining. At least one author of each accepted paper must complete the conference registration and present the paper at the conference for it to be included in the proceedings and program.  
 Contact   
 For queries regarding ICDM 2025, please contact icdm2025chairs@gmail.com.   

   Important dates data: 
undefined

45. Conference ICDSE_1:
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

46. Conference ICDCIT_2:
Open main menu    Close main menu    About Us 
  Help 
  Contact 

 Home 
  Add Events 
  Journals 
  Subscribe 
  Faq 
  Blog 

 login 

 Business 
  Health 
  Mathematics 
  Engineering 
  Physical 
  Social Sciences 
  Education 
  Regional Studies 
  Law 
  Webinar 

 21st International Conference on Distributed Computing and Intelligent Technology   
   2025-01-08   Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India    

  View on Map     

 Conference Details: | 21st International Conference on Distributed Computing and Intelligent Technology, on 08th Jan 2025 at Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India  . The forthcoming 21st International Conference on Distributed Computing and Intelligent Technology (ICDCIT-2025) is scheduled to convene in Bhubaneswar from January 8 to 11, 2025. Hosted by the Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology (KIIT) in Bhubaneswar, India, the event aims to facilitate discussions and advancements in the field. Continuing the tradition, Springer intends to publish the conference proceedings in the esteemed Lecture Notes series in Computer Science, a practice upheld in previous editions. This event will be organized by ICDCIT  at the city of Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India. 
  Event Status: | Active 
  Venue of Event: | Odisha 
  Organizer : | ICDCIT 
  Important Dates : 
  Deadline for submission / Apply : | 2025-01-01 
  Conference Start Date : | 2025-01-08 
  Conference End Date : | 2025-01-11 
  Organizing Secretary : | Conference Co-ordinator 
  Conference Inquiry Email ID: | icdcit@kiit.ac.in 
  URL : | Register Here 
    
 Add to Calender 
  Share This Conference 
    
  Google Calendar    
   
 Organizer Contact Form  
   
    Attend As  Others  Listener  Presenter     
   
 Your Name:     
   
 Email Address:     
   
 Phone / Whatsapp:     
   
 Conference Name:     
   
 Conference Place:     
   
 Conference Date:     
   
 Subject:     
   
 Message:     
   
 Security Code :   

 Refresh     

 Will Update Soon ...  

 Similar Events   
 12th International Conference on Multidisciplinary Research | , 6th December 2024 
  12th World Conference on Applied Science, Engineering and Technology | , 6th December 2024 
  12th International Conference on Green Energy and Environmental Technology | , 7th December 2024 
  12th World Conference on Cyber Security and Ethical Hacking | , 7th December 2024 
  12th International Conference on Social Science, Teaching and Learning | , 8th December 2024 

 Popular Topics  
  Agriculture  Animal 
  Animal Genetics 
  Aquatic Nutrition and Health 
  crop science 
  Dairy Sciences 
  Fisheries 
  Mycobacterial Diseases 
  Plant Systems Biology 
  soil science 
  Veterinary and Biomedical Sciences 
  Veterinary Biochemistry 
  Veterinary Forensics 
  Veterinary Histopathology 
  Veterinary Science 
    
  Business and Economics  Accounting 
  Banking 
  Business 
  Business Ethics 
  Business Statistics 
  E-commerce 
  Economics 
  Entrepreneurship 
  Finance 
  Human Resource Management 
  International Business 
  Leadership 
  Logistics 
  Management 
  Marketing 
  Micromanagement 
  Small business 
  Small scale business 
  Strategic Management 
  Supply Chain Management 
    
  Education  Advanced Sociology of Education 
  Biology Education 
  Career fair 
  Computer Education and Instructional Technology 
  Creative Education and Learning 
  Distance Education 
  E-learning 
  Education 
  Education and Human Development 
  Education fair 
  Educational and Pedagogical Sciences 
  Educational Systems Planning 
  Engineering Education and Research 
  Foreign Language 
  Higher Education 
  Learning 
  Lifelong Learning 
  Linguistics 
  Media Design 
  Music Education 
  Nursing Informatics and Education 
  Pedagogical Methods 
  Teaching 
    
  Engineering and Technology  Aeronautical 
  AI 
  Architecture 
  Artificial Intelligence 
  Aviation Technology 
  Big Data 
  Bioinformatics 
  Biomedical Engineering 
  Bionuclear Engineering 
  Biotechnology 
  Civil Engineering 
  Computer Science 
  Computer software and applications 
  Computing 
  Control Automation 
  Cybersecurity 
  Design 
  Electrical 
  Electronics 
  Energy 
  Engineering 
  Forestry 
  Heat Transfer 
  Image Processing 
  Industrial Application 
  Industrial Engineering 
  Information Technology 
  Internet 
  IOT 
  Light Water Reactor Technology 
  Manufacturing 
  Marine Engineering 
  Material Science 
  Mechanical 
  Military 
  Mining 
  Nanotechnology and Smart Materials 
  Natural Language 
  Networking 
  Nuclear Engineering 
  Nuclear Fuel 
  Nuclear Fusion 
  Nuclear Proliferation 
  Nuclear Safety 
  Nuclear Waste 
  Pattern Recognition 
  Plasma Physics 
  Polymers and Plastics 
  Production Engineering 
  Quantum Engineering 
  Radiation 
  Reactor Engineering 
  Renewable Energy 
  Robotics 
  Signal Processing 
  Smart technology 
  Soft computing 
  Software Engineering 
  Space Environment 
  Structural Engineering 
  Systems Engineering 
  Technology 
  Thermal Hydraulics 
  Transport 
  Vision Engineering 
  Wearable technology 
  Wireless Communication 
    
  Interdisciplinary  Children and Youth 
  Communications and Media 
  Complex Systems 
  Conflict resolution 
  Creativity 
  Culture 
  Disaster Management 
  Discourse 
  Film studies 
  Gender studies 
  GLBT Studies 
  Globalization 
  HIV/AIDS 
  Human Rights 
  Identity 
  Memory 
  Poverty 
  Public Policy 
  Public Policy and Governance 
  Sexuality and eroticism 
  Spirituality 
  Sport science 
  Tourism 
  Urban studies 
  Violence 
    
  Law  Accidents and Injuries 
  Arbitration and Mediation 
  Bankruptcy and Debt 
  Civil Rights 
  Consumer Issues 
  Criminal Law 
  Dangerous Products 
  Divorce and Family Law 
  Education Law 
  Elder law and Aging 
  Employee's Right 
  Estates and Probbate 
  Global Politics 
  Health Care Law 
  Immigration Law 
  Intellectual property 
  Internet Law For The Public 
  Justice and legal studies 
  Law 
  Lawsuits and Lawyers 
  Political Science 
  Real Estate 
  Securities Law 
  Social Security And Retirement 
    
  Mathematics and statistics  Applied Mathematics 
  Blockchain 
  Boolean Algebra 
  Categorical Algebra 
  Commutative Algebra 
  Complex Analysis 
  Computational Mathematics 
  Computational science 
  Control and Automation 
  Cryptography 
  Data acquisition 
  Embedded systems 
  Homological Algebra 
  Information Security 
  Linear Algebra 
  Mathematical sciences 
  Mathematics 
  Number Theory 
  Numerical Analysis 
  Operational Research 
  Optimization Theory 
  Probability 
  Reciprocity Laws 
  Regression Analysis 
  Representation Theory 
  Statistical Inference 
  Statistics 
  Survival Analysis 
  Time Series 
  Vector Spaces 
    
  Medical And Health Science  Allergy 
  Alternative Health 
  Anesthesia 
  Asthma 
  Autism 
  Ayurveda 
  Behavioral Medicine 
  Bioethics 
  Biomedicine 
  Biophysics 
  Blood Pressure 
  Brain 
  Cancer 
  Cardiology 
  Cell Sciences 
  Children's Health 
  Cholesterol 
  Clinical Laboratory 
  Common cold 
  Cosmetology 
  Critical care 
  Dentistry 
  Depression 
  Dermatology 
  Diabetes 
  Digestive Disorders 
  Disability and Rehabilitation 
  Drug Discovery 
  Emergency medicine 
  Ent 
  Epidemiology 
  Eye Health 
  Family Medicine 
  First Aid and Emergencies 
  Food Safety 
  Forensic 
  Gastroenterology 
  Gerontology 
  Gynecology 
  Headache 
  Health 
  Healthcare 
  Healthy Living 
  Heart Health 
  Hepatitis 
  Herbal medicine 
  Hygiene 
  Immune Systems 
  Infections 
  Infectious diseases 
  Influenza Conference 
  lung disease 
  Medical 
  Medical equipment 
  Medical ethics 
  Medical Imaging 
  Medical Science 
  Medical Statistics 
  Medicine 
  Men's Health 
  Mental Health 
  Metabolism 
  Microbiology 
  Migraine 
  Nervous System 
  Neurology 
  Neuroscience 
  Nursing 
  Nutrition 
  Obesity 
  Oncology 
  Ophthalmology 
  Oral Health 
  Orthodontics 
  Orthopedics 
  Osteoporosis 
  Pain Management 
  Palliative Care 
  Pathology 
  Pediatrics 
  Pharmaceutical 
  Pharmacy 
  Pregnancy 
  Prostate Cancer 
  Prosthodontics 
  Psychiatry 
  Public Health 
  Pulmonology 
  Radiography 
  Radiology 
  Sexual Health 
  Skin care 
  Sleep Disorders 
  Surgery 
  Thyroid 
  Traditional medicine 
  Trauma care 
  Trichology 
  Ultrasound 
  Urology 
  Vaccines 
  Women's Health 
    
  Physical and life sciences  Agriculture 
  Aquaculture 
  Archaeology 
  Astronomy 
  Biodiversity 
  Biology 
  Biomaterials 
  Chemistry 
  Earth Observation 
  Earth Sciences 
  Ecology 
  Ecosystems 
  Environment 
  Genetics 
  Geophysics and Geology 
  GIS 
  Global Positioning System 
  Hydrology 
  Meteorology 
  Oceanography 
  Physics 
  Soil 
  Sustainable Development 
  Waste Management 
  Water 
    
  Social Sciences and Humanities  African Literature 
  African Studies 
  American Studies 
  Anthropology 
  Art History 
  Arts 
  Asian Studies 
  Built Environment 
  Church conference 
  Development Studies 
  English Literature 
  European Studies 
  Health Disparity 
  History 
  Human Geography 
  Income Disparity 
  Information science 
  Interdisciplinary studies 
  International Relations 
  Islamic Studies 
  Labor Economics 
  Language 
  Liberal Arts education 
  Linguistic 
  Literacy Perspectives 
  Literature 
  Local Government 
  Multiculturalism 
  Multidisciplinary Studies 
  Museums and heritage 
  Music 
  Occupational Science 
  Philosophy 
  Poetry 
  Politics 
  Psychology 
  Psychology Of Violence 
  Racial Equality 
  Racial Issues 
  Religious studies 
  Social Sciences 
  Social Work 
  Sociology 
  Youth Conference 
    
  Sports Science  Exercise Science 
  Physical Education 
  Physical Therapy 
  Sport Coaching 
  Sports and Fitness 
  Sports Biomechanics 
  Sports Engineering 
  Sports Law 
  Sports Management 
  Sports Medicine 
  Sports Science and Nutrition 
  Sports Technology 

  Join our telegram channel for Daily updates  
   Click here to join now     
   
 Featured Events  
 International Conference on Big Data, IoT, Cyber Security and Information Technology (ICBDICSIT)   
  31st Dec 2024 |  Bangkok , Thailand    
   
 International Conference on Medical and Health Sciences (ICMHS)   
  08th Dec 2024 |  London , UK    
   
 International Conference of Education, Research and Innovation (ICERI)   
  25th Dec 2024 |  London , UK    
   
 International Conference on Recent Advances in Medical, Medicine and Health Sciences (ICRAMMHS)   
  29th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Multidisciplinary Research and Innovation (ICMRAI-2024)   
  27th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Chemical, Agricultural, Biological and Environmental Sciences (ICCABES)   
  07th Dec 2024 |  Osaka , Japan    
   
 2nd International Conference On Health care and Medical Research (ICHMR-2025)   
  02nd Feb 2025 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International conference on arts and humanities (ICAH)   
  14th Dec 2024 |  Kolkata , India    
   
 International Conference on Multidisciplinary Research in Education, Science and Technology (ICMREST)   
  29th Dec 2024 |  Goa , India    
   
 International Conference on Healthcare and Clinical Gerontology (ICHCG)   
  30th Jan 2025 |  Berlin , Germany    
   
 International Conference on English Learning and Teaching (ICELT)   
  20th Feb 2025 |  Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia    
   
 International Conference on Plasma Science and Applications (ICPSA)   
  07th Jan 2025 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Science, Technology, Engineering and Management (ICSTEM)   
  18th Dec 2024 |  London , UK    
   
 International conference on Machine learning Big data management Cloud and Computing (ICMBDC)   
  25th Dec 2024 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Chemical, Agricultural, Biological, Environment and Life Science (ICCABEL)   
  25th Jan 2025 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Nanoscience, Nanotechnology and Advanced Materials (IC2NM)   
  26th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Wireless Sensor Networks, Ubiquitous Computing and Applications (ICWUA)   
  25th Dec 2024 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Physical Education and Sport Science (ICPESS)   
  27th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Medical, Pharmaceutical and Health Sciences (ICMPH)   
  21st Dec 2024 |  Istanbul , Turkey    
   
 International Conference on Science, Engineering & Technology (ICSET)   
  29th Dec 2024 |  Montreal , Canada    
   
 International conference on Applied Science Mathematics and Statistics (ICASMS)   
  06th Jan 2025 |  Phuket , Thailand    
   
 International Conference on Physical Education and Sport Science (ICPESS)   
  08th Jan 2025 |  Kyoto , Japan    
   
 International Conference on Science, Engineering & Technology (ICSET)   
  21st Jan 2025 |  Kawasaki City , Japan    
   
 International conference on Machine learning Big data management Cloud and Computing (ICMBDC)   
  25th Jan 2025 |  Sydney , Australia    
   
 Summer Global Neuroscience & Neurology Symposium (SGNNS)   
  15th Dec 2024 |  Istanbul , Turkey    
   
 International Cancer Conference (ICC)   
  12th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Recent Advances in Engineering and Technology (ICRAET)   
  12th Dec 2024 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Science Technology and Management (ICSTM)   
  15th Dec 2024 |  New Delhi , India    
   
 International Conference on Business Management and Law (ICBML-2025)   
  10th Feb 2025 |  Aqaba , Jordan    
   
 2nd International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Technology (ICAIMLT-2025)   
  15th Mar 2025 |  Tokyo , Japan    
   
 International Conference on Recent Developments in Social Science and Business Management (ICRDSSBM)   
  06th Jan 2025 |  Singapore , Singapore    
   
 International Conference on Mechanical, Manufacturing, Industrial and Civil Engineering (ICMMICE)   
  09th Jan 2025 |  Taipei , Taiwan    
   
 International Conference on Current Fashion Trends, Beauty, Apparel and Cosmetology (ICCFBAC)   
  01st Feb 2025 |  New York , USA    
   
 International Conference on Veterinary and Livestock (ICVL)   
  20th Feb 2025 |  Seoul , South Korea    
   
 International conference on Science Engineering & Technology (ICSET)   
  21st Feb 2025 |  Bangkok , Thailand    
   
 International Conference on Communication, Electronics and Electrical Engineering (ICCEEE)   
  24th Mar 2025 |  Rome , Italy    
   
 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Robots and Mechanical Engineering (ICAIRME)   
  06th Jan 2025 |  Kuching , Malaysia    

 AllConferenceAlert Blogs    
 How to Secure Invitation Letters for International Conferences in Germany 2025!   
 View More 
  Conference Invitation Letters 2025: Asia Country-Wise!   
 View More 
  How to Write a High-Quality Journal Paper?   
 View More 

 Important Links    
 About 
  Terms Of Use 
  Cookie Policy 
  Privacy Policy 
  Conference Alerts 
  Subscribe 
  Contact Us 
  F.A.Q. 
  Help 
  Blog 
  Conference Partner 
  Journals 

 About    
 AllConferenceAlert is one of the best conference alerts website to get notification for upcoming national & international conferences of your choice  
 Social Links    

 Conference Calendar    
 Conference in January 
  Conference in February 
  Conference in March 
  Conference in April 
  Conference in May 
  Conference in June 
  Conference in July 
  Conference in August 
  Conference in September 
  Conference in October 
  Conference in November 
  Conference in December 

 Copyright © 2024 AllConferenceAlert.com All Rights Reserved.  

   Filter   Month   Country   Topics    
  Clear  ×    
   
 Continent  Country  City  Topic  Month    
 Continent  
 Asia 
  Europe 
  Africa 
  North America 
  Oceania 
  South America 

 Month  
  
 Oct 2024 
  Nov 2024 
  Dec 2024 
  Jan 2025 
  Feb 2025 
  Mar 2025 
  Apr 2025 
  May 2025 
  Jun 2025 
  Jul 2025 
  Aug 2025 
  Sep 2025 
  Oct 2024 
  Nov 2024 
  Dec 2024 
  Jan 2025 
  Feb 2025 
  Mar 2025 
  Apr 2025 
  May 2025 
  Jun 2025 
  Jul 2025 
  Aug 2025 
  Sep 2025 

 Country  
  Afghanistan 
  Albania 
  Algeria 
  American Samoa 
  Andorra 
  Angola 
  Anguilla 
  Antarctica 
  Antigua and Barbuda 
  Argentina 
  Aringland Islands 
  Armenia 
  Aruba 
  Australia 
  Austria 
  Azerbaijan 
  Bahamas 
  Bahrain 
  Bangladesh 
  Barbados 
  Belarus 
  Belgium 
  Belize 
  Benin 
  Bermuda 
  Bhutan 
  Bolivia 
  Bosnia and Herzegovina 
  Botswana 
  Bouvet Island 
  Brazil 
  British Indian Ocean territory 
  Brunei Darussalam 
  Bulgaria 
  Burkina Faso 
  Burundi 
  Cambodia 
  Cameroon 
  Canada 
  Cape Verde 
  Cayman Islands 
  Central African Republic 
  Chad 
  Chile 
  China 
  Christmas Island 
  Cocos (Keeling) Islands 
  Colombia 
  Comoros 
  Cook Islands 
  Costa Rica 
  Croatia (Hrvatska) 
  Cte dIvoire (Ivory Coast) 
  Cuba 
  Cyprus 
  Czech Republic 
  Democratic Republic of Congo 
  Denmark 
  Djibouti 
  Dominica 
  Dominican Republic 
  East Timor 
  Ecuador 
  Egypt 
  El Salvador 
  Equatorial Guinea 
  Eritrea 
  Estonia 
  Ethiopia 
  Falkland Islands 
  Faroe Islands 
  Fiji 
  Finland 
  France 
  French Guiana 
  French Polynesia 
  French Southern Territories 
  Gabon 
  Gambia 
  Georgia 
  Germany 
  Ghana 
  Gibraltar 
  Greece 
  Greenland 
  Grenada 
  Guadeloupe 
  Guam 
  Guatemala 
  Guinea 
  Guinea-Bissau 
  Guyana 
  Haiti 
  Heard and McDonald Islands 
  Honduras 
  Hong Kong 
  Hungary 
  Iceland 
  India 
  Indonesia 
  Iran 
  Iraq 
  Ireland 
  Israel 
  Italy 
  Jamaica 
  Japan 
  Jordan 
  Kazakhstan 
  Kenya 
  Kiribati 
  Kuwait 
  Kyrgyzstan 
  Lao Peoples Democratic Republic 
  Latvia 
  Lebanon 
  Lesotho 
  Liberia 
  Libyan Arab Jamahiriya 
  Liechtenstein 
  Lithuania 
  Luxembourg 
  Macau 
  Macedonia 
  Madagascar 
  Malawi 
  Malaysia 
  Maldives 
  Mali 
  Malta 
  Marshall Islands 
  Martinique 
  Mauritania 
  Mauritius 
  Mayotte 
  Mexico 
  Micronesia 
  Moldova 
  Monaco 
  Mongolia 
  Montserrat 
  Morocco 
  Mozambique 
  Myanmar 
  Namibia 
  Nauru 
  Nepal 
  Netherlands 
  New Caledonia 
  New Zealand 
  Nicaragua 
  Niger 
  Nigeria 
  Niue 
  Norfolk Island 
  North Korea 
  Northern Mariana Islands 
  Norway 
  Oman 
  Other 
  Pakistan 
  Palau 
  Palestinian Territories 
  Panama 
  Papua New Guinea 
  Paraguay 
  Peru 
  Philippines 
  Pitcairn 
  Poland 
  Portugal 
  Puerto Rico 
  Qatar 
  Réunion 
  Republic of Congo 
  Romania 
  Russia 
  Rwanda 
  Saint Helena 
  Saint Kitts and Nevis 
  Saint Lucia 
  Saint Pierre and Miquelon 
  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines 
  Samoa 
  San Marino 
  Sao Tome and Principe 
  Saudi Arabia 
  Scotland 
  Senegal 
  Serbia 
  Seychelles 
  Sierra Leone 
  Singapore 
  Slovakia 
  Slovenia 
  Solomon Islands 
  Somalia 
  South Africa 
  South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands 
  South Korea 
  Spain 
  Sri Lanka 
  Sudan 
  Suriname 
  Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands 
  Swaziland 
  Sweden 
  Switzerland 
  Syria 
  Taiwan 
  Tajikistan 
  Tanzania 
  Thailand 
  Togo 
  Tokelau 
  Tonga 
  Trinidad and Tobago 
  Tunisia 
  Turkey 
  Turkmenistan 
  Turks and Caicos Islands 
  Tuvalu 
  UAE 
  Uganda 
  UK 
  Ukraine 
  undefined 
  Uruguay 
  USA 
  Uzbekistan 
  Vanuatu 
  Vatican City 
  Venezuela 
  Vietnam 
  Virgin Islands (British) 
  Virgin Islands (US) 
  Wallis and Futuna Islands 
  Web 
  Western Sahara 
  Yemen 
  Zambia 
  Zimbabwe 

 City  
   
 Aalborg 
  Aarhus 
  Abbotsford 
  Aberdeen 
  Abha 
  Abu Dhabi 
  Abuja 
  Acapulco 
  Accra 
  Adana 
  Addis Ababa 
  Addu 
  Adelaide 
  Agartala 
  Agra 
  Ahmedabad 
  Ahmednagar 
  Aizawl 
  Ajman 
  Ajmer 
  Akhaura 
  Al Ain 
  Al Fashir 
  Al Jahra 
  Al Khobar 
  Al Rayyan 
  Al Wakrah 
  Alajuela 
  Alberta 
  Aleppo 
  Alexandria 
  Algiers 
  Aligarh 
  Almaty 
  Alxa League 
  Ambala 
  Ambarnath 
  Amman 
  Amravati 
  Amritsar 
  Amsterdam 
  Andaman and Nicobar 
  Andijan 
  Andkhoy 
  Andorra la Vella 
  Andulo 
  Ang Mo Kio 
  Angeles City 
  Ankara 
  Annaba 
  Anse Boileau 
  Antalaya 
  Antalya 
  Antwerp 
  Anuradhapura 
  Aplahoue 
  Aracaju 
  Arequipa 
  Argentina 
  Arinsal 
  Arunachal Pradesh 
  Asadabad 
  Asansol 
  Ashdod 
  Asuncion 
  Athens 
  Atlanta 
  Atlanta 
  Aua 
  Auckland 
  Augusta 
  Aurangabad 
  Austin 
  Aybak 
  Babruysk 
  Bacolod City 
  Badghis 
  Bafoussam 
  Baghdad 
  Baghlan 
  Baghlan 
  Bago 
  Bagram 
  Baguio 
  Bahia Blanca 
  Bahir Dar 
  Baku 
  Bali 
  Balkh 
  Ballarat 
  Ballari 
  Balvanera 
  Bamako 
  Bamenda 
  Bamyan 
  Bandar Seri Begawan 
  Bandar Seri Begawan 
  Bandung 
  Bangalore 
  Bangkok 
  Bangui 
  Banikoara 
  Banja Luka 
  Banjul 
  Baranovichi 
  Barcelona 
  Bareilly 
  Barisal 
  Barranquilla 
  Barrie 
  Basrah 
  Bassila 
  Bat Yam 
  Batna 
  Bayamo 
  Bayamon 
  Beau Bassin-Rose Hill 
  Beersheba 
  Beijing 
  Beira 
  Beirut 
  Bejaia 
  Bekasi 
  Belagavi 
  Belem 
  Belgaum 
  Belgrano 
  Belo Horizonte 
  Benguela 
  Benin 
  Benin City 
  Benin City 
  Bensonville 
  Berat 
  Berazategui 
  Bergen 
  Berlin 
  Bern 
  Bern 
  Bhairab Bazar 
  Bharatpur 
  Bhavnagar 
  Bhawanipatna 
  Bhilai 
  Bhiwandi 
  Bhopal 
  Bhubaneswar 
  Bidar 
  Bien Hoa 
  Bijapur 
  Bikaner 
  Bilaspur 
  Bilbao 
  Billund 
  Biratnagar 
  Birmingham 
  Biskra 
  Blantyre 
  Blida 
  Blumenau 
  Bobo-Dioulasso 
  Bodrum 
  Bogota 
  Bogra 
  Bogra District 
  Bohicon 
  Bologna 
  Bordeaux 
  Bosaso 
  Boston 
  Bouira 
  Bradford 
  Brahmanbaria 
  Brahmanbaria 
  Brahmpur 
  Brasilia 
  Brasov 
  Bratislava 
  Brest 
  Bridgetown 
  Bridgetown 
  Brisbane 
  Bristol 
  British Columbia 
  Brno 
  Bruges 
  Brussels 
  Bucharest 
  Budapest 
  Buenos Aires 
  Bujumbura 
  Bukhara 
  Bukit Batok 
  Bulawayo 
  Burgas 
  Burlington 
  Bursa 
  Busan 
  Buthrotum 
  Bydgoszcz 
  Caala 
  Cairns 
  Cairo 
  Calgary 
  Cali 
  California 
  Callao District 
  Caloocan 
  Caluquembe 
  Cambridge 
  Campo Grande 
  Can Tho 
  Canberra 
  Cancun 
  Canillo 
  Cannes 
  Cannes 
  Cape Town 
  Caracas 
  Carolina 
  Cartagena 
  Cartago 
  Casablanca 
  Cascais 
  Cascavel 
  Caxias do Sul 
  Cebu City 
  Chagcharan 
  Chandanaish Upazila 
  Chandigarh 
  Chandpur 
  Changsha 
  Changwon 
  Chania 
  Chapainawabganj 
  Charikar 
  Charleroi 
  Charleston 
  Charlotte 
  Chelyabinsk 
  Chengdu 
  Chennai 
  Chernihiv 
  Chernivtsi 
  Chhatak Upazila 
  Chhukha 
  Chiang Mai 
  Chiba 
  Chicago 
  Chiclayo 
  Chidambaram 
  Chinchawad 
  Chitradurga 
  Chittagong 
  Chittoor 
  Chongqing 
  Christchurch 
  Cienfuegos 
  City of London 
  Ciudad De La Costa 
  Ciudad Del Este 
  Ciudad Juarez 
  Cluj-Napoca 
  Cochabamba 
  Coimbatore 
  Coimbra 
  Cologne 
  Colombo 
  Colon City 
  Columbus 
  Comilla 
  Comodoro Rivadavia 
  Concordia 
  Constanta 
  Constantine 
  Coorg 
  Copenhagen 
  Cordoba 
  Cordoba 
  Cork 
  Corrientes 
  Cotonou 
  Cox's Bazar 
  Crete 
  Cuddalore 
  Cuenca 
  Cuiaba 
  Curepipe 
  Curitiba 
  Cusco 
  Da Nang 
  Dadra and Nagar Haveli 
  Daegu 
  Daejeon 
  Daejeon 
  Dallas 
  Daman and Diu 
  Damascus 
  Dammam 
  Darjeeling 
  Darkhan 
  Darwin 
  Davanagere 
  Davao City 
  Dehradun 
  Delhi 
  Denver 
  Dessie 
  Dhaka 
  Dhanbad 
  Dharwad 
  Dhermi 
  Dibrugarh 
  Digha 
  Dire Dawa 
  Dispur 
  Diyarbakır 
  Djelfa 
  Djougou 
  Dnipro 
  Dogbo 
  Doha 
  Donetsk 
  Dongguan 
  Douala 
  Dubai 
  Dublin 
  Dubrovnik 
  Dundee 
  Dunedin 
  Durban 
  Durg 
  Durgapur 
  Durres 
  Dusseldorf 
  Edinburgh 
  Edinburgh 
  Edirne 
  Edmonton 
  El Alto 
  El Eulma 
  El Pas de la Casa 
  Elbasan 
  Elmohndseen 
  Encamp 
  Entebbe 
  Ephesus 
  Erbil 
  Erdenet 
  Ernakulam 
  Erode 
  Escaldes-Engordany 
  Esch-sur-Alzette 
  Eshkashem 
  Espoo 
  Fagatogo 
  Faisalabad 
  Faleniu 
  Farah 
  Faridabad 
  Fatikchhari Upazila 
  Fayzabad 
  Feira de Santana 
  Fergana 
  Fes 
  Fethiye 
  Fier 
  Florence 
  Florianopolis 
  Florida 
  Formosa 
  Fortaleza 
  Foz do Iguacu 
  Frankfurt 
  Freeport 
  Freetown 
  Fukuoka 
  Fuzhou 
  Gaborone 
  Gangtok 
  Ganja 
  Gardez 
  Garoua 
  Gatineau 
  Gaza City 
  Gazipur 
  Gbarnga 
  Gdańsk 
  Geelong 
  Geneva 
  Genoa 
  george 
  George Town 
  Georgetown 
  Gereshk 
  Ghardaia 
  Ghaziabad 
  Ghazni 
  Ghent 
  Ghurmach 
  Giza 
  Gjirokaster 
  Glasgow 
  Glasgow 
  Goa 
  Gold Coast 
  Golfito 
  Gomel 
  Gondar 
  Gorakhpur 
  Goregaon 
  Gothenburg 
  Governador Valadares 
  Goyang-si 
  Granada 
  Graz 
  Greater Sudbury 
  Grodno 
  Guadalajara 
  Guangzhou 
  Guarapari 
  Guayaquil 
  Guelph 
  Guilin 
  Gulbarga 
  Gulu 
  Guntur 
  Gurugram 
  Guwahati 
  Gwalior 
  Gwangju 
  Gyumri 
  Hadapsar 
  Hai Phong 
  Halifax Regional Municipality 
  Hamad Town 
  Hamburg 
  Hamilton 
  Hampi 
  Hangzhou 
  Hanoi 
  Harare 
  Harbin 
  Hargeisa 
  Haridwar 
  Hartford 
  Hat Yai 
  Havana 
  Hawaii 
  Helsingor 
  Helsinki 
  Herat 
  Herning 
  Himara 
  Hiroshima 
  Ho Chi Minh City 
  Hobart 
  Homs 
  Hong Kong 
  Hong Kong 
  Hosur 
  Hsinchu 
  Huambo 
  Hubli 
  Hue 
  Hulhumale Island 
  Hulunbuir 
  Hyderabad 
  Ibadan 
  Ilheus 
  Ilulissat 
  Imam Saheb 
  Imphal 
  Incheon 
  Indore 
  Innsbruck 
  Ipiales 
  Ipoh 
  Iquique 
  Irbid 
  Isfahan 
  Ishwarganj 
  Islam Qala 
  Islamabad 
  Istanbul 
  Itanagar 
  Izmir 
  Jabalpur 
  Jaipur 
  Jakarta 
  Jakarta Raya 
  Jalalabad 
  Jalandhar 
  Jammu and Kashmir 
  Jamnagar 
  Jamshedpur 
  Janakpur 
  Jeddah 
  Jeju-si 
  Jerez de la Frontera 
  Jerusalem 
  Jessore 
  Jhansi 
  Jinan 
  Joao Pessoa 
  jodhpur 
  Johannesburg 
  Jurm 
  Jurong East 
  Kabul 
  Kagoshima 
  Kakata 
  Kalyan Thane 
  Kampala 
  Kanchipuram 
  Kandahar 
  Kandahar 
  Kandi 
  Kandy 
  Kannur 
  Kano 
  Kanpur 
  Kanyakumari 
  Kaohsiung 
  Kaohsiung City 
  Kapurthala 
  Karachi 
  Karaj 
  Kariba 
  Kathmandu 
  Kattakurgan 
  Kaunas 
  Kawasaki City 
  Kayseri 
  Kazan 
  Keelung City 
  Kenema 
  Kermanshah 
  Khamis Mushait 
  Khanabad 
  Khandala 
  Kharagpur 
  Kharkiv 
  Khartoum 
  Kholm 
  Khost 
  Khovd 
  Khulna 
  Khwahan 
  Kingston 
  Kingston 
  Kisumu 
  Kitakyushu 
  Kitchener 
  Kitwe 
  Klaipėda 
  Kobe 
  Kochi 
  Kodaikanal 
  Kohima 
  Kolar 
  Kolhapur 
  Kolkata 
  Kollam 
  Kollegal 
  Konya 
  Kopavogur 
  Korce 
  Kosice 
  Kota 
  Kota Kinabalu 
  Kottayam 
  Kowloon City 
  kozhikode 
  Krabi 
  Krakow 
  Krong Battambang 
  Krong Siem Reap 
  Krong Ta Khmau 
  Ksamil 
  Kuala Belait 
  Kuala Lumpur 
  Kuching 
  Kuito 
  Kumasi 
  Kumba 
  Kunduz 
  Kunming 
  Kushk 
  Kuwait City 
  Kuwait City 
  Kyiv 
  Kyoto 
  Kyrenia 
  La Massana 
  La Paz 
  La Plata 
  La Rioja 
  La Serena 
  Lae 
  Lagos 
  Lagos 
  Lahore 
  Laksam Upazila 
  Lalitpur 
  Laoag City 
  Las Palmas de Gran Canaria 
  Las Vegas 
  Lashkar Gah 
  Lasi 
  Latur 
  Launceston 
  Lautoka 
  Leipzig 
  Lelydorp 
  Leone 
  Liberec 
  Lida 
  Liege 
  Lilongwe 
  Lima 
  Limassol 
  Linden 
  Linz 
  Lisbon 
  Liverpool 
  Ljubljana 
  Lobito 
  Lodz 
  Lokossa 
  Lonavala 
  London 
  Los Angeles 
  Loum 
  Luanda 
  Lubango 
  Lublin 
  Lucapa 
  Lucaya 
  Lucknow 
  Ludhiana 
  Lusaka 
  Luxembourg 
  Luxembourg City 
  Lviv 
  Lyon 
  Maafushi 
  Macapa 
  Macau 
  Maceio 
  Mackay 
  Madikeri 
  Madrid 
  Madurai 
  Mahabaleshwar 
  Maharashtra 
  Mahmude Raqi 
  Maidan Shahr 
  Majitar 
  Makassar 
  Makati 
  Malacca 
  Malaeimi 
  Malaga 
  Malang 
  Malanje 
  Malappuram 
  Male 
  Malindi 
  Malmo 
  Malmo Municipality 
  Manama 
  Manaus 
  Manchester 
  Mandalay 
  Mangalore 
  Manila 
  Manmad 
  Mapusagafou 
  Maputo 
  Mar del Plata 
  Maracaibo 
  Maringa 
  Markham 
  Maroua 
  Marrakesh 
  Marseille 
  Maseru 
  Mashhad 
  Mathura 
  Matola 
  Mawlamyine 
  Maymana 
  Mazar-i-Sharif 
  Mazatlan 
  Mazyr 
  Mecca 
  Medan 
  Medellin 
  Medina 
  Meherpur 
  Meknes 
  Melbourne 
  Mendoza 
  Merida 
  Mexico City 
  Miami 
  Milan 
  Mingecevir 
  Minsk 
  Miskolc 
  Mississauga 
  Mitarlam 
  Modinagar 
  Mogadishu 
  Mogilev 
  Mohall 
  Mombasa 
  Monrovia 
  Montego Bay 
  Monterrey 
  Montes Claros 
  Montevideo 
  Montreal 
  Mopti 
  Morelia 
  Moron 
  Moscow 
  Mostar 
  Mosul 
  Moulvibazar 
  Moundou 
  Mueang Chiang Rai 
  Muharraq 
  Muktagacha 
  Multan 
  Mumbai 
  Munich 
  Munnar 
  Muscat 
  Mutare 
  Mutrah 
  Muyinga 
  Mymensingh 
  Mysuru 
  N'Djamena 
  Nagercoil 
  Nagoya 
  Nagpur 
  Nairobi 
  Najaf 
  Nakhon Pathom 
  Nakuru 
  Namibe 
  Nampula 
  Namur 
  Nanded 
  Nanjing 
  Nanning 
  Naogaon 
  Napier 
  Naples 
  Nara 
  Narail District 
  Narayanganj 
  Nashik 
  Nashville 
  Nassau 
  Natal 
  Natitingou 
  Navi Mumbai 
  Naypyidaw 
  Ndola 
  Nellore 
  Neuquen 
  New Amsterdam 
  New Orleans 
  New Taipei City 
  New York 
  Newcastle 
  Ngaoundere 
  Nha Trang 
  Nice 
  Nicosia 
  Nilli 
  Niteroi 
  Nizhny Novgorod 
  Noida 
  Nonthaburi 
  Novosibirsk 
  Nukus 
  Nuremberg 
  Nuuk 
  Oakland 
  Oakville 
  Oaxaca 
  Odense 
  Odesa 
  Oklahoma City 
  Old Bagan 
  Olinda 
  Olomouc 
  Omdurman 
  Omsk 
  Ooty 
  Oran 
  Ordino 
  Orlando 
  Oruro 
  Osaka 
  Oshawa 
  Oslo 
  Ostrava 
  Ottawa 
  Ouagadougou 
  Oujda 
  Oulu 
  Ouro Preto 
  Outram Rd 
  Owerri 
  Pabna District 
  Pabna District 
  Paghman 
  Paghman 
  Pago Pago 
  Palakkad 
  Panama City 
  Panchgani 
  Pandharpur 
  Parakou 
  Paramaribo 
  Parana 
  Paranagua 
  parbhani 
  Paris 
  Pasig 
  Patiala 
  Patiya Upazila 
  Patna 
  Pattaya 
  Pattaya City 
  Pelotas 
  Permet 
  Perth 
  Peshawar 
  Petaling Jaya 
  Petropolis 
  Philadelphia 
  Phnom Penh 
  Phoenix 
  Phuket 
  Pilar 
  Pilsen 
  Pimpri 
  Pireas 
  Plovdiv 
  Pobe 
  Pogradec 
  Pokhara 
  Pol-e-Khomri 
  Pondicherry 
  Port Blair 
  Port Elizabeth 
  Port Louis 
  Port Moresby 
  Port-au-Prince 
  Portland 
  Portmore 
  Porto 
  Porto Alegre 
  Porto-Novo 
  Posadas 
  Poznań 
  Prague 
  Prayagraj 
  Puebla 
  Puerto Jimenez 
  Puerto Plata 
  Pune 
  Puno 
  Punta Arenas 
  Punta Arenas 
  Puri 
  Putrajaya 
  Pyin Oo Lwin 
  Qala-e-Naw 
  Qazvin 
  Qingdao 
  Quebec City 
  Quetta 
  Quezon City 
  Quibala 
  Quilmes 
  Quito 
  Rabat 
  Radom 
  Raipur 
  Rajahmundry 
  Rajkot 
  Rajshahi 
  Rameswaram 
  Ranchi 
  Rangpur 
  Rangunia 
  Ranipet 
  Raozan Upazila 
  Ras al Khaimah 
  Ratlam 
  Rawalpindi 
  Reading 
  Recife 
  Red Deer 
  Regina 
  Regional Municipality of Niagara 
  Resistencia 
  Reykjavik 
  Ribeirao Preto 
  Richmond Hill 
  Riffa 
  Rijeka 
  Rio Cuarto 
  Rio de Janeiro 
  Riyadh 
  Rochor 
  Rome 
  Roorkee 
  Rosario 
  Rosario 
  Roskilde 
  Rostov-on-Don 
  Rotterdam 
  Rourkela 
  Ruse 
  Russeifa 
  Saharanpur 
  Saint Pölten 
  Saint Petersburg 
  Saitama 
  Sakete 
  Salalah 
  Salem 
  Salmiya 
  Salta 
  Saltillo 
  Salto 
  Salvador 
  Salzburg 
  Samara 
  Samarkand 
  Sambalpur 
  Samsun 
  San Antonio 
  San Diego 
  San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca 
  San Francisco 
  San Jose 
  San Juan 
  San Juan 
  San Luis 
  San Luis Potosi 
  San Miguel 
  San Miguel de Tucuman 
  San Nicolas de los Arroyos 
  San Pedro Sula 
  San Salvador 
  San Salvador de Jujuy 
  Sanad 
  Sangli 
  Sanliurfa 
  Sanlıurfa 
  Sant Julia de Loria 
  Santa Clara 
  Santa Coloma 
  Santa Cruz de la Sierra 
  Santa Cruz de la Sierra 
  Santa Fe 
  Santa Marta 
  Santa Rosa 
  Santarem 
  Santiago 
  Santiago de Cali 
  Santiago de Cuba 
  Santiago del Estero 
  Santo Domingo 
  Santos 
  Sao Luis 
  Sao Paulo 
  Sao Tome 
  Sao Vicente 
  Sapporo 
  Sar-e Pol 
  Sarajevo 
  Sarande 
  Sargodha 
  Sarh 
  Saskatoon 
  Satara 
  Savannah 
  Savar Upazila 
  Seattle 
  Seeb 
  Semarang 
  Sengkang 
  Seoul 
  Sepang 
  Serrekunda 
  Setif 
  Seville 
  Sha Tin 
  Shah Alam 
  Shanghai 
  Sharjah 
  Sharjha 
  Sheberghan 
  Shenyang 
  Shenzhen 
  Shillong 
  Shimla 
  Shimoga 
  Shindand 
  Shiraz 
  Shirdi 
  Shivamogga 
  Shkoder 
  Sidi Bel Abbes 
  Sikasso 
  Siliguri 
  Singapore 
  Sintra 
  Sirajganj 
  Sisimiut 
  Sisophon 
  Skagen 
  Skopje 
  Sofia 
  Sohar 
  Solapur 
  Souk Ahras 
  Soweto 
  Spanish Town 
  Split 
  springfield 
  Sreemangal Upazila 
  Srinagar 
  St. Catharines 
  Stara Zagora 
  Stavenger 
  Stockholm 
  Strasbourg 
  Stuttgart 
  Sucre 
  Sucre 
  Suez 
  Sumqayit 
  Sumqayit 
  Sungai Petani 
  Sur 
  Surabaya 
  Surat 
  Surat Thani 
  Surrey 
  Suva 
  Suwon-si 
  Suzhou 
  Swakopmund 
  Sydney 
  Sylhet 
  Sylhet District 
  Szczecin 
  Tabriz 
  Tagab 
  Taichung 
  Taichung City 
  Taif 
  Tainan 
  Tainan City 
  Taipei 
  Taipei City 
  Taleqan 
  Tallinn 
  Tampere 
  Tangier 
  Tarija 
  Tashkent 
  Tauranga 
  Tchaourou 
  Tebessa 
  Tegucigalpa 
  Tehran 
  Teknaf Upazila 
  Tel Aviv-Yafo 
  Tenkodogo 
  Teresina 
  Teyateyaneng 
  Tezpur 
  Thane 
  Thanjavur 
  The Hague 
  Thessaloniki 
  Theth 
  Thimphu 
  Thiruvananthapuram 
  Thoothukudi 
  Thrissur 
  Thunder Bay 
  Tianjin 
  Tijuana 
  Timișoara 
  Tirana 
  Tirin Kut 
  Tiruchengode 
  Tiruchirappalli 
  Tirunelveli 
  Tirupati 
  Tlemcen 
  Tokyo 
  Tongi 
  Toowoomba 
  Toronto 
  Torun 
  Toulouse 
  Townsville 
  Townsville City 
  Trincomalee 
  Trishal Upazila 
  Trois-Rivieres 
  Trondheim 
  Trujillo 
  Tucson 
  Tumakuru 
  Turin 
  Turku 
  Tuzla 
  Tāfuna 
  Uberlandia 
  Ubon Ratchathani 
  Udaipur 
  Udon Thai 
  Udon Thani 
  Udupi 
  Ufa 
  Ujjain 
  Ulaanbaatar 
  Ulanqab 
  Ullapara Upazila 
  Ulsan 
  Utheemu 
  Utrecht 
  Vacoas 
  Vadodara 
  Vailoatai 
  Vaitogi 
  Valbone 
  Valencia 
  Valparaiso 
  Vanadzor 
  Vanadzor 
  Vancouver 
  Vantaa 
  Varanasi 
  Varna 
  Vatican city 
  Vaughan 
  Veligandu Island 
  Veliko Tarnovo 
  Vellore 
  Venice 
  Verona 
  Viciebsk 
  Victoria 
  Vienna 
  Vijayapura 
  Vijayawada 
  Villa Lugano 
  Villach 
  Vilnius 
  Vina del Mar 
  Vinnytsia 
  Vitoria 
  Vizag 
  Vlore 
  Volgograd 
  Walvis Bay 
  Warangal 
  Warsaw 
  Washington 
  Wellington 
  wilmington 
  Windhoek 
  Windsor 
  Winnipeg 
  Wollongong 
  Wuhan 
  Xi'an 
  Xiamen 
  Xian 
  Xilingol League 
  Yangon 
  Yantai 
  Yaounde 
  Yekaterinburg 
  Yerevan 
  Yeswanthpur 
  Yishun 
  Yogyakarta 
  Yokohama 
  Zagazig 
  Zagreb 
  Zaporizhzhia 
  Zaragoza 
  Zaranj 
  Zarcero 
  Zarqa 
  Zhengzhou 
  Zhongshan 
  Zomba 
  Zurich 

 Topic  
   
 Accidents and Injuries 
  Accounting 
  Advanced Sociology of Education 
  Aeronautical 
  African Literature 
  African Studies 
  Agriculture 
  AI 
  Allergy 
  Alternative Health 
  American Studies 
  Anesthesia 
  Animal 
  Animal Genetics 
  Anthropology 
  Applied Mathematics 
  Aquaculture 
  Aquatic Nutrition and Health 
  Arbitration and Mediation 
  Archaeology 
  Architecture 
  Art History 
  Artificial Intelligence 
  Arts 
  Asian Studies 
  Asthma 
  Astronomy 
  Autism 
  Aviation Technology 
  Ayurveda 
  Banking 
  Bankruptcy and Debt 
  Behavioral Medicine 
  Big Data 
  Biodiversity 
  Bioethics 
  Bioinformatics 
  Biology 
  Biology Education 
  Biomaterials 
  Biomedical Engineering 
  Biomedicine 
  Bionuclear Engineering 
  Biophysics 
  Biotechnology 
  Blockchain 
  Blood Pressure 
  Boolean Algebra 
  Brain 
  Built Environment 
  Business 
  Business Ethics 
  Business Statistics 
  Cancer 
  Cardiology 
  Career fair 
  Categorical Algebra 
  Cell Sciences 
  Chemistry 
  Children and Youth 
  Children's Health 
  Cholesterol 
  Church conference 
  Civil Engineering 
  Civil Rights 
  Clinical Laboratory 
  Common cold 
  Communications and Media 
  Commutative Algebra 
  Complex Analysis 
  Complex Systems 
  Computational Mathematics 
  Computational science 
  Computer Education and Instructional Technology 
  Computer Science 
  Computer software and applications 
  Computing 
  Conflict resolution 
  Consumer Issues 
  Control and Automation 
  Control Automation 
  Cosmetology 
  Creative Education and Learning 
  Creativity 
  Criminal Law 
  Critical care 
  crop science 
  Cryptography 
  Culture 
  Cybersecurity 
  Dairy Sciences 
  Dangerous Products 
  Data acquisition 
  Dentistry 
  Depression 
  Dermatology 
  Design 
  Development Studies 
  Diabetes 
  Digestive Disorders 
  Disability and Rehabilitation 
  Disaster Management 
  Discourse 
  Distance Education 
  Divorce and Family Law 
  Drug Discovery 
  E-commerce 
  E-learning 
  Earth Observation 
  Earth Sciences 
  Ecology 
  Economics 
  Ecosystems 
  Education 
  Education and Human Development 
  Education fair 
  Education Law 
  Educational and Pedagogical Sciences 
  Educational Systems Planning 
  Elder law and Aging 
  Electrical 
  Electronics 
  Embedded systems 
  Emergency medicine 
  Employee's Right 
  Energy 
  Engineering 
  Engineering Education and Research 
  English Literature 
  Ent 
  Entrepreneurship 
  Environment 
  Epidemiology 
  Estates and Probbate 
  European Studies 
  Exercise Science 
  Eye Health 
  Family Medicine 
  Film studies 
  Finance 
  First Aid and Emergencies 
  Fisheries 
  Food Safety 
  Foreign Language 
  Forensic 
  Forestry 
  Gastroenterology 
  Gender studies 
  Genetics 
  Geophysics and Geology 
  Gerontology 
  GIS 
  GLBT Studies 
  Global Politics 
  Global Positioning System 
  Globalization 
  Gynecology 
  Headache 
  Health 
  Health Care Law 
  Health Disparity 
  Healthcare 
  Healthy Living 
  Heart Health 
  Heat Transfer 
  Hepatitis 
  Herbal medicine 
  Higher Education 
  History 
  HIV/AIDS 
  Homological Algebra 
  Human Geography 
  Human Resource Management 
  Human Rights 
  Hydrology 
  Hygiene 
  Identity 
  Image Processing 
  Immigration Law 
  Immune Systems 
  Income Disparity 
  Industrial Application 
  Industrial Engineering 
  Infections 
  Infectious diseases 
  Influenza Conference 
  Information science 
  Information Security 
  Information Technology 
  Intellectual property 
  Interdisciplinary studies 
  International Business 
  International Relations 
  Internet 
  Internet Law For The Public 
  IOT 
  Islamic Studies 
  Justice and legal studies 
  Labor Economics 
  Language 
  Law 
  Lawsuits and Lawyers 
  Leadership 
  Learning 
  Liberal Arts education 
  Lifelong Learning 
  Light Water Reactor Technology 
  Linear Algebra 
  Linguistic 
  Linguistics 
  Literacy Perspectives 
  Literature 
  Local Government 
  Logistics 
  lung disease 
  Management 
  Manufacturing 
  Marine Engineering 
  Marketing 
  Material Science 
  Mathematical sciences 
  Mathematics 
  Mechanical 
  Media Design 
  Medical 
  Medical equipment 
  Medical ethics 
  Medical Imaging 
  Medical Science 
  Medical Statistics 
  Medicine 
  Memory 
  Men's Health 
  Mental Health 
  Metabolism 
  Meteorology 
  Microbiology 
  Micromanagement 
  Migraine 
  Military 
  Mining 
  Multiculturalism 
  Multidisciplinary Studies 
  Museums and heritage 
  Music 
  Music Education 
  Mycobacterial Diseases 
  Nanotechnology and Smart Materials 
  Natural Language 
  Nervous System 
  Networking 
  Neurology 
  Neuroscience 
  Nuclear Engineering 
  Nuclear Fuel 
  Nuclear Fusion 
  Nuclear Proliferation 
  Nuclear Safety 
  Nuclear Waste 
  Number Theory 
  Numerical Analysis 
  Nursing 
  Nursing Informatics and Education 
  Nutrition 
  Obesity 
  Occupational Science 
  Oceanography 
  Oncology 
  Operational Research 
  Ophthalmology 
  Optimization Theory 
  Oral Health 
  Orthodontics 
  Orthopedics 
  Osteoporosis 
  Pain Management 
  Palliative Care 
  Pathology 
  Pattern Recognition 
  Pedagogical Methods 
  Pediatrics 
  Pharmaceutical 
  Pharmacy 
  Philosophy 
  Physical Education 
  Physical Therapy 
  Physics 
  Plant Systems Biology 
  Plasma Physics 
  Poetry 
  Political Science 
  Politics 
  Polymers and Plastics 
  Poverty 
  Pregnancy 
  Probability 
  Production Engineering 
  Prostate Cancer 
  Prosthodontics 
  Psychiatry 
  Psychology 
  Psychology Of Violence 
  Public Health 
  Public Policy 
  Public Policy and Governance 
  Pulmonology 
  Quantum Engineering 
  Racial Equality 
  Racial Issues 
  Radiation 
  Radiography 
  Radiology 
  Reactor Engineering 
  Real Estate 
  Reciprocity Laws 
  Regression Analysis 
  Religious studies 
  Renewable Energy 
  Representation Theory 
  Robotics 
  Securities Law 
  Sexual Health 
  Sexuality and eroticism 
  Signal Processing 
  Skin care 
  Sleep Disorders 
  Small business 
  Small scale business 
  Smart technology 
  Social Sciences 
  Social Security And Retirement 
  Social Work 
  Sociology 
  Soft computing 
  Software Engineering 
  Soil 
  soil science 
  Space Environment 
  Spirituality 
  Sport Coaching 
  Sport science 
  Sports and Fitness 
  Sports Biomechanics 
  Sports Engineering 
  Sports Law 
  Sports Management 
  Sports Medicine 
  Sports Science and Nutrition 
  Sports Technology 
  Statistical Inference 
  Statistics 
  Strategic Management 
  Structural Engineering 
  Supply Chain Management 
  Surgery 
  Survival Analysis 
  Sustainable Development 
  Systems Engineering 
  Teaching 
  Technology 
  Thermal Hydraulics 
  Thyroid 
  Time Series 
  Tourism 
  Traditional medicine 
  Transport 
  Trauma care 
  Trichology 
  Ultrasound 
  Urban studies 
  Urology 
  Vaccines 
  Vector Spaces 
  Veterinary and Biomedical Sciences 
  Veterinary Biochemistry 
  Veterinary Forensics 
  Veterinary Histopathology 
  Veterinary Science 
  Violence 
  Vision Engineering 
  Waste Management 
  Water 
  Wearable technology 
  Wireless Communication 
  Women's Health 
  Youth Conference 

  Apply Filter    

  
Call for papers data: 
    
 Open main menu    Close main menu    About Us 
  Help 
  Contact 

 Home 
  Add Events 
  Journals 
  Subscribe 
  Faq 
  Blog 

 login 

 Business 
  Health 
  Mathematics 
  Engineering 
  Physical 
  Social Sciences 
  Education 
  Regional Studies 
  Law 
  Webinar 

 12th International Conference on Multidisciplinary Research   
   2024-12-06   Hong Kong, Hong Kong    

  View on Map     

 Conference Details: | 12th International Conference on Multidisciplinary Research, on 06th Dec 2024 at Hong Kong, Hong Kong  . IGRNET aims to provide an opportunity to academics and practitioners around the world to discuss and share the contemporary issues of business and social science research. The proposed conference provides an outlet for high quality research in all areas of accounting, CSR, finance, economics, econometrics, education, information technology, Islamic finance and Sharia, law, management, marketing, social business and multidisciplinary. Aim of our peer-reviewed conference is to bring together the worldâ€™s leading scholars and opinion leaders and to increase our understanding of emerging scientific issues and research methodologies relating to business management, economic and social sciences. Please, engage freely in discussions, share your ideas and build relationships among the group of international researchers. This event will be organized by InterGlobe Research Network  at the city of Hong Kong, Hong Kong. 
  Event Status: | Active 
  Organizer : | InterGlobe Research Network 
  Important Dates : 
  Deadline for submission / Apply : | 2024-11-12 
  Conference Start Date : | 2024-12-06 
  Conference End Date : | 2024-12-07 
  Organizing Secretary : | Conference Co-ordinater 
  Conference Inquiry Email ID: | igrnetconference@gmail.com 
  URL : | Register Here 
    
 Add to Calender 
  Share This Conference 
    
  Google Calendar    
   
 Organizer Contact Form  
   
    Attend As  Others  Listener  Presenter     
   
 Your Name:     
   
 Email Address:     
   
 Phone / Whatsapp:     
   
 Conference Name:     
   
 Conference Place:     
   
 Conference Date:     
   
 Subject:     
   
 Message:     
   
 Security Code :   

 Refresh     

 Will Update Soon ...  

 Similar Events   
 12th International Conference on Multidisciplinary Research | , 6th December 2024 
  12th World Conference on Applied Science, Engineering and Technology | , 6th December 2024 
  12th International Conference on Green Energy and Environmental Technology | , 7th December 2024 
  12th World Conference on Cyber Security and Ethical Hacking | , 7th December 2024 
  12th International Conference on Social Science, Teaching and Learning | , 8th December 2024 

 Popular Topics  
  Agriculture  Animal 
  Animal Genetics 
  Aquatic Nutrition and Health 
  crop science 
  Dairy Sciences 
  Fisheries 
  Mycobacterial Diseases 
  Plant Systems Biology 
  soil science 
  Veterinary and Biomedical Sciences 
  Veterinary Biochemistry 
  Veterinary Forensics 
  Veterinary Histopathology 
  Veterinary Science 
    
  Business and Economics  Accounting 
  Banking 
  Business 
  Business Ethics 
  Business Statistics 
  E-commerce 
  Economics 
  Entrepreneurship 
  Finance 
  Human Resource Management 
  International Business 
  Leadership 
  Logistics 
  Management 
  Marketing 
  Micromanagement 
  Small business 
  Small scale business 
  Strategic Management 
  Supply Chain Management 
    
  Education  Advanced Sociology of Education 
  Biology Education 
  Career fair 
  Computer Education and Instructional Technology 
  Creative Education and Learning 
  Distance Education 
  E-learning 
  Education 
  Education and Human Development 
  Education fair 
  Educational and Pedagogical Sciences 
  Educational Systems Planning 
  Engineering Education and Research 
  Foreign Language 
  Higher Education 
  Learning 
  Lifelong Learning 
  Linguistics 
  Media Design 
  Music Education 
  Nursing Informatics and Education 
  Pedagogical Methods 
  Teaching 
    
  Engineering and Technology  Aeronautical 
  AI 
  Architecture 
  Artificial Intelligence 
  Aviation Technology 
  Big Data 
  Bioinformatics 
  Biomedical Engineering 
  Bionuclear Engineering 
  Biotechnology 
  Civil Engineering 
  Computer Science 
  Computer software and applications 
  Computing 
  Control Automation 
  Cybersecurity 
  Design 
  Electrical 
  Electronics 
  Energy 
  Engineering 
  Forestry 
  Heat Transfer 
  Image Processing 
  Industrial Application 
  Industrial Engineering 
  Information Technology 
  Internet 
  IOT 
  Light Water Reactor Technology 
  Manufacturing 
  Marine Engineering 
  Material Science 
  Mechanical 
  Military 
  Mining 
  Nanotechnology and Smart Materials 
  Natural Language 
  Networking 
  Nuclear Engineering 
  Nuclear Fuel 
  Nuclear Fusion 
  Nuclear Proliferation 
  Nuclear Safety 
  Nuclear Waste 
  Pattern Recognition 
  Plasma Physics 
  Polymers and Plastics 
  Production Engineering 
  Quantum Engineering 
  Radiation 
  Reactor Engineering 
  Renewable Energy 
  Robotics 
  Signal Processing 
  Smart technology 
  Soft computing 
  Software Engineering 
  Space Environment 
  Structural Engineering 
  Systems Engineering 
  Technology 
  Thermal Hydraulics 
  Transport 
  Vision Engineering 
  Wearable technology 
  Wireless Communication 
    
  Interdisciplinary  Children and Youth 
  Communications and Media 
  Complex Systems 
  Conflict resolution 
  Creativity 
  Culture 
  Disaster Management 
  Discourse 
  Film studies 
  Gender studies 
  GLBT Studies 
  Globalization 
  HIV/AIDS 
  Human Rights 
  Identity 
  Memory 
  Poverty 
  Public Policy 
  Public Policy and Governance 
  Sexuality and eroticism 
  Spirituality 
  Sport science 
  Tourism 
  Urban studies 
  Violence 
    
  Law  Accidents and Injuries 
  Arbitration and Mediation 
  Bankruptcy and Debt 
  Civil Rights 
  Consumer Issues 
  Criminal Law 
  Dangerous Products 
  Divorce and Family Law 
  Education Law 
  Elder law and Aging 
  Employee's Right 
  Estates and Probbate 
  Global Politics 
  Health Care Law 
  Immigration Law 
  Intellectual property 
  Internet Law For The Public 
  Justice and legal studies 
  Law 
  Lawsuits and Lawyers 
  Political Science 
  Real Estate 
  Securities Law 
  Social Security And Retirement 
    
  Mathematics and statistics  Applied Mathematics 
  Blockchain 
  Boolean Algebra 
  Categorical Algebra 
  Commutative Algebra 
  Complex Analysis 
  Computational Mathematics 
  Computational science 
  Control and Automation 
  Cryptography 
  Data acquisition 
  Embedded systems 
  Homological Algebra 
  Information Security 
  Linear Algebra 
  Mathematical sciences 
  Mathematics 
  Number Theory 
  Numerical Analysis 
  Operational Research 
  Optimization Theory 
  Probability 
  Reciprocity Laws 
  Regression Analysis 
  Representation Theory 
  Statistical Inference 
  Statistics 
  Survival Analysis 
  Time Series 
  Vector Spaces 
    
  Medical And Health Science  Allergy 
  Alternative Health 
  Anesthesia 
  Asthma 
  Autism 
  Ayurveda 
  Behavioral Medicine 
  Bioethics 
  Biomedicine 
  Biophysics 
  Blood Pressure 
  Brain 
  Cancer 
  Cardiology 
  Cell Sciences 
  Children's Health 
  Cholesterol 
  Clinical Laboratory 
  Common cold 
  Cosmetology 
  Critical care 
  Dentistry 
  Depression 
  Dermatology 
  Diabetes 
  Digestive Disorders 
  Disability and Rehabilitation 
  Drug Discovery 
  Emergency medicine 
  Ent 
  Epidemiology 
  Eye Health 
  Family Medicine 
  First Aid and Emergencies 
  Food Safety 
  Forensic 
  Gastroenterology 
  Gerontology 
  Gynecology 
  Headache 
  Health 
  Healthcare 
  Healthy Living 
  Heart Health 
  Hepatitis 
  Herbal medicine 
  Hygiene 
  Immune Systems 
  Infections 
  Infectious diseases 
  Influenza Conference 
  lung disease 
  Medical 
  Medical equipment 
  Medical ethics 
  Medical Imaging 
  Medical Science 
  Medical Statistics 
  Medicine 
  Men's Health 
  Mental Health 
  Metabolism 
  Microbiology 
  Migraine 
  Nervous System 
  Neurology 
  Neuroscience 
  Nursing 
  Nutrition 
  Obesity 
  Oncology 
  Ophthalmology 
  Oral Health 
  Orthodontics 
  Orthopedics 
  Osteoporosis 
  Pain Management 
  Palliative Care 
  Pathology 
  Pediatrics 
  Pharmaceutical 
  Pharmacy 
  Pregnancy 
  Prostate Cancer 
  Prosthodontics 
  Psychiatry 
  Public Health 
  Pulmonology 
  Radiography 
  Radiology 
  Sexual Health 
  Skin care 
  Sleep Disorders 
  Surgery 
  Thyroid 
  Traditional medicine 
  Trauma care 
  Trichology 
  Ultrasound 
  Urology 
  Vaccines 
  Women's Health 
    
  Physical and life sciences  Agriculture 
  Aquaculture 
  Archaeology 
  Astronomy 
  Biodiversity 
  Biology 
  Biomaterials 
  Chemistry 
  Earth Observation 
  Earth Sciences 
  Ecology 
  Ecosystems 
  Environment 
  Genetics 
  Geophysics and Geology 
  GIS 
  Global Positioning System 
  Hydrology 
  Meteorology 
  Oceanography 
  Physics 
  Soil 
  Sustainable Development 
  Waste Management 
  Water 
    
  Social Sciences and Humanities  African Literature 
  African Studies 
  American Studies 
  Anthropology 
  Art History 
  Arts 
  Asian Studies 
  Built Environment 
  Church conference 
  Development Studies 
  English Literature 
  European Studies 
  Health Disparity 
  History 
  Human Geography 
  Income Disparity 
  Information science 
  Interdisciplinary studies 
  International Relations 
  Islamic Studies 
  Labor Economics 
  Language 
  Liberal Arts education 
  Linguistic 
  Literacy Perspectives 
  Literature 
  Local Government 
  Multiculturalism 
  Multidisciplinary Studies 
  Museums and heritage 
  Music 
  Occupational Science 
  Philosophy 
  Poetry 
  Politics 
  Psychology 
  Psychology Of Violence 
  Racial Equality 
  Racial Issues 
  Religious studies 
  Social Sciences 
  Social Work 
  Sociology 
  Youth Conference 
    
  Sports Science  Exercise Science 
  Physical Education 
  Physical Therapy 
  Sport Coaching 
  Sports and Fitness 
  Sports Biomechanics 
  Sports Engineering 
  Sports Law 
  Sports Management 
  Sports Medicine 
  Sports Science and Nutrition 
  Sports Technology 

  Join our telegram channel for Daily updates  
   Click here to join now     
   
 Featured Events  
 International Conference on Big Data, IoT, Cyber Security and Information Technology (ICBDICSIT)   
  31st Dec 2024 |  Bangkok , Thailand    
   
 International Conference on Medical and Health Sciences (ICMHS)   
  08th Dec 2024 |  London , UK    
   
 International Conference of Education, Research and Innovation (ICERI)   
  25th Dec 2024 |  London , UK    
   
 International Conference on Recent Advances in Medical, Medicine and Health Sciences (ICRAMMHS)   
  29th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Multidisciplinary Research and Innovation (ICMRAI-2024)   
  27th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Chemical, Agricultural, Biological and Environmental Sciences (ICCABES)   
  07th Dec 2024 |  Osaka , Japan    
   
 2nd International Conference On Health care and Medical Research (ICHMR-2025)   
  02nd Feb 2025 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International conference on arts and humanities (ICAH)   
  14th Dec 2024 |  Kolkata , India    
   
 International Conference on Multidisciplinary Research in Education, Science and Technology (ICMREST)   
  29th Dec 2024 |  Goa , India    
   
 International Conference on Healthcare and Clinical Gerontology (ICHCG)   
  30th Jan 2025 |  Berlin , Germany    
   
 International Conference on English Learning and Teaching (ICELT)   
  20th Feb 2025 |  Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia    
   
 International Conference on Plasma Science and Applications (ICPSA)   
  07th Jan 2025 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Science, Technology, Engineering and Management (ICSTEM)   
  18th Dec 2024 |  London , UK    
   
 International conference on Machine learning Big data management Cloud and Computing (ICMBDC)   
  25th Dec 2024 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Chemical, Agricultural, Biological, Environment and Life Science (ICCABEL)   
  25th Jan 2025 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Nanoscience, Nanotechnology and Advanced Materials (IC2NM)   
  26th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Wireless Sensor Networks, Ubiquitous Computing and Applications (ICWUA)   
  25th Dec 2024 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Physical Education and Sport Science (ICPESS)   
  27th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Medical, Pharmaceutical and Health Sciences (ICMPH)   
  21st Dec 2024 |  Istanbul , Turkey    
   
 International Conference on Science, Engineering & Technology (ICSET)   
  29th Dec 2024 |  Montreal , Canada    
   
 International conference on Applied Science Mathematics and Statistics (ICASMS)   
  06th Jan 2025 |  Phuket , Thailand    
   
 International Conference on Physical Education and Sport Science (ICPESS)   
  08th Jan 2025 |  Kyoto , Japan    
   
 International Conference on Science, Engineering & Technology (ICSET)   
  21st Jan 2025 |  Kawasaki City , Japan    
   
 International conference on Machine learning Big data management Cloud and Computing (ICMBDC)   
  25th Jan 2025 |  Sydney , Australia    
   
 Summer Global Neuroscience & Neurology Symposium (SGNNS)   
  15th Dec 2024 |  Istanbul , Turkey    
   
 International Cancer Conference (ICC)   
  12th Dec 2024 |  Dubai , UAE    
   
 International Conference on Recent Advances in Engineering and Technology (ICRAET)   
  12th Dec 2024 |  Paris , France    
   
 International Conference on Science Technology and Management (ICSTM)   
  15th Dec 2024 |  New Delhi , India    
   
 International Conference on Business Management and Law (ICBML-2025)   
  10th Feb 2025 |  Aqaba , Jordan    
   
 2nd International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Technology (ICAIMLT-2025)   
  15th Mar 2025 |  Tokyo , Japan    
   
 International Conference on Recent Developments in Social Science and Business Management (ICRDSSBM)   
  06th Jan 2025 |  Singapore , Singapore    
   
 International Conference on Mechanical, Manufacturing, Industrial and Civil Engineering (ICMMICE)   
  09th Jan 2025 |  Taipei , Taiwan    
   
 International Conference on Current Fashion Trends, Beauty, Apparel and Cosmetology (ICCFBAC)   
  01st Feb 2025 |  New York , USA    
   
 International Conference on Veterinary and Livestock (ICVL)   
  20th Feb 2025 |  Seoul , South Korea    
   
 International conference on Science Engineering & Technology (ICSET)   
  21st Feb 2025 |  Bangkok , Thailand    
   
 International Conference on Communication, Electronics and Electrical Engineering (ICCEEE)   
  24th Mar 2025 |  Rome , Italy    
   
 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Robots and Mechanical Engineering (ICAIRME)   
  06th Jan 2025 |  Kuching , Malaysia    

 AllConferenceAlert Blogs    
 How to Secure Invitation Letters for International Conferences in Germany 2025!   
 View More 
  Conference Invitation Letters 2025: Asia Country-Wise!   
 View More 
  How to Write a High-Quality Journal Paper?   
 View More 

 Important Links    
 About 
  Terms Of Use 
  Cookie Policy 
  Privacy Policy 
  Conference Alerts 
  Subscribe 
  Contact Us 
  F.A.Q. 
  Help 
  Blog 
  Conference Partner 
  Journals 

 About    
 AllConferenceAlert is one of the best conference alerts website to get notification for upcoming national & international conferences of your choice  
 Social Links    

 Conference Calendar    
 Conference in January 
  Conference in February 
  Conference in March 
  Conference in April 
  Conference in May 
  Conference in June 
  Conference in July 
  Conference in August 
  Conference in September 
  Conference in October 
  Conference in November 
  Conference in December 

 Copyright © 2024 AllConferenceAlert.com All Rights Reserved.  

   Filter   Month   Country   Topics    
  Clear  ×    
   
 Continent  Country  City  Topic  Month    
 Continent  
 Asia 
  Europe 
  Africa 
  North America 
  Oceania 
  South America 

 Month  
  
 Oct 2024 
  Nov 2024 
  Dec 2024 
  Jan 2025 
  Feb 2025 
  Mar 2025 
  Apr 2025 
  May 2025 
  Jun 2025 
  Jul 2025 
  Aug 2025 
  Sep 2025 
  Oct 2024 
  Nov 2024 
  Dec 2024 
  Jan 2025 
  Feb 2025 
  Mar 2025 
  Apr 2025 
  May 2025 
  Jun 2025 
  Jul 2025 
  Aug 2025 
  Sep 2025 

 Country  
  Afghanistan 
  Albania 
  Algeria 
  American Samoa 
  Andorra 
  Angola 
  Anguilla 
  Antarctica 
  Antigua and Barbuda 
  Argentina 
  Aringland Islands 
  Armenia 
  Aruba 
  Australia 
  Austria 
  Azerbaijan 
  Bahamas 
  Bahrain 
  Bangladesh 
  Barbados 
  Belarus 
  Belgium 
  Belize 
  Benin 
  Bermuda 
  Bhutan 
  Bolivia 
  Bosnia and Herzegovina 
  Botswana 
  Bouvet Island 
  Brazil 
  British Indian Ocean territory 
  Brunei Darussalam 
  Bulgaria 
  Burkina Faso 
  Burundi 
  Cambodia 
  Cameroon 
  Canada 
  Cape Verde 
  Cayman Islands 
  Central African Republic 
  Chad 
  Chile 
  China 
  Christmas Island 
  Cocos (Keeling) Islands 
  Colombia 
  Comoros 
  Cook Islands 
  Costa Rica 
  Croatia (Hrvatska) 
  Cte dIvoire (Ivory Coast) 
  Cuba 
  Cyprus 
  Czech Republic 
  Democratic Republic of Congo 
  Denmark 
  Djibouti 
  Dominica 
  Dominican Republic 
  East Timor 
  Ecuador 
  Egypt 
  El Salvador 
  Equatorial Guinea 
  Eritrea 
  Estonia 
  Ethiopia 
  Falkland Islands 
  Faroe Islands 
  Fiji 
  Finland 
  France 
  French Guiana 
  French Polynesia 
  French Southern Territories 
  Gabon 
  Gambia 
  Georgia 
  Germany 
  Ghana 
  Gibraltar 
  Greece 
  Greenland 
  Grenada 
  Guadeloupe 
  Guam 
  Guatemala 
  Guinea 
  Guinea-Bissau 
  Guyana 
  Haiti 
  Heard and McDonald Islands 
  Honduras 
  Hong Kong 
  Hungary 
  Iceland 
  India 
  Indonesia 
  Iran 
  Iraq 
  Ireland 
  Israel 
  Italy 
  Jamaica 
  Japan 
  Jordan 
  Kazakhstan 
  Kenya 
  Kiribati 
  Kuwait 
  Kyrgyzstan 
  Lao Peoples Democratic Republic 
  Latvia 
  Lebanon 
  Lesotho 
  Liberia 
  Libyan Arab Jamahiriya 
  Liechtenstein 
  Lithuania 
  Luxembourg 
  Macau 
  Macedonia 
  Madagascar 
  Malawi 
  Malaysia 
  Maldives 
  Mali 
  Malta 
  Marshall Islands 
  Martinique 
  Mauritania 
  Mauritius 
  Mayotte 
  Mexico 
  Micronesia 
  Moldova 
  Monaco 
  Mongolia 
  Montserrat 
  Morocco 
  Mozambique 
  Myanmar 
  Namibia 
  Nauru 
  Nepal 
  Netherlands 
  New Caledonia 
  New Zealand 
  Nicaragua 
  Niger 
  Nigeria 
  Niue 
  Norfolk Island 
  North Korea 
  Northern Mariana Islands 
  Norway 
  Oman 
  Other 
  Pakistan 
  Palau 
  Palestinian Territories 
  Panama 
  Papua New Guinea 
  Paraguay 
  Peru 
  Philippines 
  Pitcairn 
  Poland 
  Portugal 
  Puerto Rico 
  Qatar 
  Réunion 
  Republic of Congo 
  Romania 
  Russia 
  Rwanda 
  Saint Helena 
  Saint Kitts and Nevis 
  Saint Lucia 
  Saint Pierre and Miquelon 
  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines 
  Samoa 
  San Marino 
  Sao Tome and Principe 
  Saudi Arabia 
  Scotland 
  Senegal 
  Serbia 
  Seychelles 
  Sierra Leone 
  Singapore 
  Slovakia 
  Slovenia 
  Solomon Islands 
  Somalia 
  South Africa 
  South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands 
  South Korea 
  Spain 
  Sri Lanka 
  Sudan 
  Suriname 
  Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands 
  Swaziland 
  Sweden 
  Switzerland 
  Syria 
  Taiwan 
  Tajikistan 
  Tanzania 
  Thailand 
  Togo 
  Tokelau 
  Tonga 
  Trinidad and Tobago 
  Tunisia 
  Turkey 
  Turkmenistan 
  Turks and Caicos Islands 
  Tuvalu 
  UAE 
  Uganda 
  UK 
  Ukraine 
  undefined 
  Uruguay 
  USA 
  Uzbekistan 
  Vanuatu 
  Vatican City 
  Venezuela 
  Vietnam 
  Virgin Islands (British) 
  Virgin Islands (US) 
  Wallis and Futuna Islands 
  Web 
  Western Sahara 
  Yemen 
  Zambia 
  Zimbabwe 

 City  
   
 Aalborg 
  Aarhus 
  Abbotsford 
  Aberdeen 
  Abha 
  Abu Dhabi 
  Abuja 
  Acapulco 
  Accra 
  Adana 
  Addis Ababa 
  Addu 
  Adelaide 
  Agartala 
  Agra 
  Ahmedabad 
  Ahmednagar 
  Aizawl 
  Ajman 
  Ajmer 
  Akhaura 
  Al Ain 
  Al Fashir 
  Al Jahra 
  Al Khobar 
  Al Rayyan 
  Al Wakrah 
  Alajuela 
  Alberta 
  Aleppo 
  Alexandria 
  Algiers 
  Aligarh 
  Almaty 
  Alxa League 
  Ambala 
  Ambarnath 
  Amman 
  Amravati 
  Amritsar 
  Amsterdam 
  Andaman and Nicobar 
  Andijan 
  Andkhoy 
  Andorra la Vella 
  Andulo 
  Ang Mo Kio 
  Angeles City 
  Ankara 
  Annaba 
  Anse Boileau 
  Antalaya 
  Antalya 
  Antwerp 
  Anuradhapura 
  Aplahoue 
  Aracaju 
  Arequipa 
  Argentina 
  Arinsal 
  Arunachal Pradesh 
  Asadabad 
  Asansol 
  Ashdod 
  Asuncion 
  Athens 
  Atlanta 
  Atlanta 
  Aua 
  Auckland 
  Augusta 
  Aurangabad 
  Austin 
  Aybak 
  Babruysk 
  Bacolod City 
  Badghis 
  Bafoussam 
  Baghdad 
  Baghlan 
  Baghlan 
  Bago 
  Bagram 
  Baguio 
  Bahia Blanca 
  Bahir Dar 
  Baku 
  Bali 
  Balkh 
  Ballarat 
  Ballari 
  Balvanera 
  Bamako 
  Bamenda 
  Bamyan 
  Bandar Seri Begawan 
  Bandar Seri Begawan 
  Bandung 
  Bangalore 
  Bangkok 
  Bangui 
  Banikoara 
  Banja Luka 
  Banjul 
  Baranovichi 
  Barcelona 
  Bareilly 
  Barisal 
  Barranquilla 
  Barrie 
  Basrah 
  Bassila 
  Bat Yam 
  Batna 
  Bayamo 
  Bayamon 
  Beau Bassin-Rose Hill 
  Beersheba 
  Beijing 
  Beira 
  Beirut 
  Bejaia 
  Bekasi 
  Belagavi 
  Belem 
  Belgaum 
  Belgrano 
  Belo Horizonte 
  Benguela 
  Benin 
  Benin City 
  Benin City 
  Bensonville 
  Berat 
  Berazategui 
  Bergen 
  Berlin 
  Bern 
  Bern 
  Bhairab Bazar 
  Bharatpur 
  Bhavnagar 
  Bhawanipatna 
  Bhilai 
  Bhiwandi 
  Bhopal 
  Bhubaneswar 
  Bidar 
  Bien Hoa 
  Bijapur 
  Bikaner 
  Bilaspur 
  Bilbao 
  Billund 
  Biratnagar 
  Birmingham 
  Biskra 
  Blantyre 
  Blida 
  Blumenau 
  Bobo-Dioulasso 
  Bodrum 
  Bogota 
  Bogra 
  Bogra District 
  Bohicon 
  Bologna 
  Bordeaux 
  Bosaso 
  Boston 
  Bouira 
  Bradford 
  Brahmanbaria 
  Brahmanbaria 
  Brahmpur 
  Brasilia 
  Brasov 
  Bratislava 
  Brest 
  Bridgetown 
  Bridgetown 
  Brisbane 
  Bristol 
  British Columbia 
  Brno 
  Bruges 
  Brussels 
  Bucharest 
  Budapest 
  Buenos Aires 
  Bujumbura 
  Bukhara 
  Bukit Batok 
  Bulawayo 
  Burgas 
  Burlington 
  Bursa 
  Busan 
  Buthrotum 
  Bydgoszcz 
  Caala 
  Cairns 
  Cairo 
  Calgary 
  Cali 
  California 
  Callao District 
  Caloocan 
  Caluquembe 
  Cambridge 
  Campo Grande 
  Can Tho 
  Canberra 
  Cancun 
  Canillo 
  Cannes 
  Cannes 
  Cape Town 
  Caracas 
  Carolina 
  Cartagena 
  Cartago 
  Casablanca 
  Cascais 
  Cascavel 
  Caxias do Sul 
  Cebu City 
  Chagcharan 
  Chandanaish Upazila 
  Chandigarh 
  Chandpur 
  Changsha 
  Changwon 
  Chania 
  Chapainawabganj 
  Charikar 
  Charleroi 
  Charleston 
  Charlotte 
  Chelyabinsk 
  Chengdu 
  Chennai 
  Chernihiv 
  Chernivtsi 
  Chhatak Upazila 
  Chhukha 
  Chiang Mai 
  Chiba 
  Chicago 
  Chiclayo 
  Chidambaram 
  Chinchawad 
  Chitradurga 
  Chittagong 
  Chittoor 
  Chongqing 
  Christchurch 
  Cienfuegos 
  City of London 
  Ciudad De La Costa 
  Ciudad Del Este 
  Ciudad Juarez 
  Cluj-Napoca 
  Cochabamba 
  Coimbatore 
  Coimbra 
  Cologne 
  Colombo 
  Colon City 
  Columbus 
  Comilla 
  Comodoro Rivadavia 
  Concordia 
  Constanta 
  Constantine 
  Coorg 
  Copenhagen 
  Cordoba 
  Cordoba 
  Cork 
  Corrientes 
  Cotonou 
  Cox's Bazar 
  Crete 
  Cuddalore 
  Cuenca 
  Cuiaba 
  Curepipe 
  Curitiba 
  Cusco 
  Da Nang 
  Dadra and Nagar Haveli 
  Daegu 
  Daejeon 
  Daejeon 
  Dallas 
  Daman and Diu 
  Damascus 
  Dammam 
  Darjeeling 
  Darkhan 
  Darwin 
  Davanagere 
  Davao City 
  Dehradun 
  Delhi 
  Denver 
  Dessie 
  Dhaka 
  Dhanbad 
  Dharwad 
  Dhermi 
  Dibrugarh 
  Digha 
  Dire Dawa 
  Dispur 
  Diyarbakır 
  Djelfa 
  Djougou 
  Dnipro 
  Dogbo 
  Doha 
  Donetsk 
  Dongguan 
  Douala 
  Dubai 
  Dublin 
  Dubrovnik 
  Dundee 
  Dunedin 
  Durban 
  Durg 
  Durgapur 
  Durres 
  Dusseldorf 
  Edinburgh 
  Edinburgh 
  Edirne 
  Edmonton 
  El Alto 
  El Eulma 
  El Pas de la Casa 
  Elbasan 
  Elmohndseen 
  Encamp 
  Entebbe 
  Ephesus 
  Erbil 
  Erdenet 
  Ernakulam 
  Erode 
  Escaldes-Engordany 
  Esch-sur-Alzette 
  Eshkashem 
  Espoo 
  Fagatogo 
  Faisalabad 
  Faleniu 
  Farah 
  Faridabad 
  Fatikchhari Upazila 
  Fayzabad 
  Feira de Santana 
  Fergana 
  Fes 
  Fethiye 
  Fier 
  Florence 
  Florianopolis 
  Florida 
  Formosa 
  Fortaleza 
  Foz do Iguacu 
  Frankfurt 
  Freeport 
  Freetown 
  Fukuoka 
  Fuzhou 
  Gaborone 
  Gangtok 
  Ganja 
  Gardez 
  Garoua 
  Gatineau 
  Gaza City 
  Gazipur 
  Gbarnga 
  Gdańsk 
  Geelong 
  Geneva 
  Genoa 
  george 
  George Town 
  Georgetown 
  Gereshk 
  Ghardaia 
  Ghaziabad 
  Ghazni 
  Ghent 
  Ghurmach 
  Giza 
  Gjirokaster 
  Glasgow 
  Glasgow 
  Goa 
  Gold Coast 
  Golfito 
  Gomel 
  Gondar 
  Gorakhpur 
  Goregaon 
  Gothenburg 
  Governador Valadares 
  Goyang-si 
  Granada 
  Graz 
  Greater Sudbury 
  Grodno 
  Guadalajara 
  Guangzhou 
  Guarapari 
  Guayaquil 
  Guelph 
  Guilin 
  Gulbarga 
  Gulu 
  Guntur 
  Gurugram 
  Guwahati 
  Gwalior 
  Gwangju 
  Gyumri 
  Hadapsar 
  Hai Phong 
  Halifax Regional Municipality 
  Hamad Town 
  Hamburg 
  Hamilton 
  Hampi 
  Hangzhou 
  Hanoi 
  Harare 
  Harbin 
  Hargeisa 
  Haridwar 
  Hartford 
  Hat Yai 
  Havana 
  Hawaii 
  Helsingor 
  Helsinki 
  Herat 
  Herning 
  Himara 
  Hiroshima 
  Ho Chi Minh City 
  Hobart 
  Homs 
  Hong Kong 
  Hong Kong 
  Hosur 
  Hsinchu 
  Huambo 
  Hubli 
  Hue 
  Hulhumale Island 
  Hulunbuir 
  Hyderabad 
  Ibadan 
  Ilheus 
  Ilulissat 
  Imam Saheb 
  Imphal 
  Incheon 
  Indore 
  Innsbruck 
  Ipiales 
  Ipoh 
  Iquique 
  Irbid 
  Isfahan 
  Ishwarganj 
  Islam Qala 
  Islamabad 
  Istanbul 
  Itanagar 
  Izmir 
  Jabalpur 
  Jaipur 
  Jakarta 
  Jakarta Raya 
  Jalalabad 
  Jalandhar 
  Jammu and Kashmir 
  Jamnagar 
  Jamshedpur 
  Janakpur 
  Jeddah 
  Jeju-si 
  Jerez de la Frontera 
  Jerusalem 
  Jessore 
  Jhansi 
  Jinan 
  Joao Pessoa 
  jodhpur 
  Johannesburg 
  Jurm 
  Jurong East 
  Kabul 
  Kagoshima 
  Kakata 
  Kalyan Thane 
  Kampala 
  Kanchipuram 
  Kandahar 
  Kandahar 
  Kandi 
  Kandy 
  Kannur 
  Kano 
  Kanpur 
  Kanyakumari 
  Kaohsiung 
  Kaohsiung City 
  Kapurthala 
  Karachi 
  Karaj 
  Kariba 
  Kathmandu 
  Kattakurgan 
  Kaunas 
  Kawasaki City 
  Kayseri 
  Kazan 
  Keelung City 
  Kenema 
  Kermanshah 
  Khamis Mushait 
  Khanabad 
  Khandala 
  Kharagpur 
  Kharkiv 
  Khartoum 
  Kholm 
  Khost 
  Khovd 
  Khulna 
  Khwahan 
  Kingston 
  Kingston 
  Kisumu 
  Kitakyushu 
  Kitchener 
  Kitwe 
  Klaipėda 
  Kobe 
  Kochi 
  Kodaikanal 
  Kohima 
  Kolar 
  Kolhapur 
  Kolkata 
  Kollam 
  Kollegal 
  Konya 
  Kopavogur 
  Korce 
  Kosice 
  Kota 
  Kota Kinabalu 
  Kottayam 
  Kowloon City 
  kozhikode 
  Krabi 
  Krakow 
  Krong Battambang 
  Krong Siem Reap 
  Krong Ta Khmau 
  Ksamil 
  Kuala Belait 
  Kuala Lumpur 
  Kuching 
  Kuito 
  Kumasi 
  Kumba 
  Kunduz 
  Kunming 
  Kushk 
  Kuwait City 
  Kuwait City 
  Kyiv 
  Kyoto 
  Kyrenia 
  La Massana 
  La Paz 
  La Plata 
  La Rioja 
  La Serena 
  Lae 
  Lagos 
  Lagos 
  Lahore 
  Laksam Upazila 
  Lalitpur 
  Laoag City 
  Las Palmas de Gran Canaria 
  Las Vegas 
  Lashkar Gah 
  Lasi 
  Latur 
  Launceston 
  Lautoka 
  Leipzig 
  Lelydorp 
  Leone 
  Liberec 
  Lida 
  Liege 
  Lilongwe 
  Lima 
  Limassol 
  Linden 
  Linz 
  Lisbon 
  Liverpool 
  Ljubljana 
  Lobito 
  Lodz 
  Lokossa 
  Lonavala 
  London 
  Los Angeles 
  Loum 
  Luanda 
  Lubango 
  Lublin 
  Lucapa 
  Lucaya 
  Lucknow 
  Ludhiana 
  Lusaka 
  Luxembourg 
  Luxembourg City 
  Lviv 
  Lyon 
  Maafushi 
  Macapa 
  Macau 
  Maceio 
  Mackay 
  Madikeri 
  Madrid 
  Madurai 
  Mahabaleshwar 
  Maharashtra 
  Mahmude Raqi 
  Maidan Shahr 
  Majitar 
  Makassar 
  Makati 
  Malacca 
  Malaeimi 
  Malaga 
  Malang 
  Malanje 
  Malappuram 
  Male 
  Malindi 
  Malmo 
  Malmo Municipality 
  Manama 
  Manaus 
  Manchester 
  Mandalay 
  Mangalore 
  Manila 
  Manmad 
  Mapusagafou 
  Maputo 
  Mar del Plata 
  Maracaibo 
  Maringa 
  Markham 
  Maroua 
  Marrakesh 
  Marseille 
  Maseru 
  Mashhad 
  Mathura 
  Matola 
  Mawlamyine 
  Maymana 
  Mazar-i-Sharif 
  Mazatlan 
  Mazyr 
  Mecca 
  Medan 
  Medellin 
  Medina 
  Meherpur 
  Meknes 
  Melbourne 
  Mendoza 
  Merida 
  Mexico City 
  Miami 
  Milan 
  Mingecevir 
  Minsk 
  Miskolc 
  Mississauga 
  Mitarlam 
  Modinagar 
  Mogadishu 
  Mogilev 
  Mohall 
  Mombasa 
  Monrovia 
  Montego Bay 
  Monterrey 
  Montes Claros 
  Montevideo 
  Montreal 
  Mopti 
  Morelia 
  Moron 
  Moscow 
  Mostar 
  Mosul 
  Moulvibazar 
  Moundou 
  Mueang Chiang Rai 
  Muharraq 
  Muktagacha 
  Multan 
  Mumbai 
  Munich 
  Munnar 
  Muscat 
  Mutare 
  Mutrah 
  Muyinga 
  Mymensingh 
  Mysuru 
  N'Djamena 
  Nagercoil 
  Nagoya 
  Nagpur 
  Nairobi 
  Najaf 
  Nakhon Pathom 
  Nakuru 
  Namibe 
  Nampula 
  Namur 
  Nanded 
  Nanjing 
  Nanning 
  Naogaon 
  Napier 
  Naples 
  Nara 
  Narail District 
  Narayanganj 
  Nashik 
  Nashville 
  Nassau 
  Natal 
  Natitingou 
  Navi Mumbai 
  Naypyidaw 
  Ndola 
  Nellore 
  Neuquen 
  New Amsterdam 
  New Orleans 
  New Taipei City 
  New York 
  Newcastle 
  Ngaoundere 
  Nha Trang 
  Nice 
  Nicosia 
  Nilli 
  Niteroi 
  Nizhny Novgorod 
  Noida 
  Nonthaburi 
  Novosibirsk 
  Nukus 
  Nuremberg 
  Nuuk 
  Oakland 
  Oakville 
  Oaxaca 
  Odense 
  Odesa 
  Oklahoma City 
  Old Bagan 
  Olinda 
  Olomouc 
  Omdurman 
  Omsk 
  Ooty 
  Oran 
  Ordino 
  Orlando 
  Oruro 
  Osaka 
  Oshawa 
  Oslo 
  Ostrava 
  Ottawa 
  Ouagadougou 
  Oujda 
  Oulu 
  Ouro Preto 
  Outram Rd 
  Owerri 
  Pabna District 
  Pabna District 
  Paghman 
  Paghman 
  Pago Pago 
  Palakkad 
  Panama City 
  Panchgani 
  Pandharpur 
  Parakou 
  Paramaribo 
  Parana 
  Paranagua 
  parbhani 
  Paris 
  Pasig 
  Patiala 
  Patiya Upazila 
  Patna 
  Pattaya 
  Pattaya City 
  Pelotas 
  Permet 
  Perth 
  Peshawar 
  Petaling Jaya 
  Petropolis 
  Philadelphia 
  Phnom Penh 
  Phoenix 
  Phuket 
  Pilar 
  Pilsen 
  Pimpri 
  Pireas 
  Plovdiv 
  Pobe 
  Pogradec 
  Pokhara 
  Pol-e-Khomri 
  Pondicherry 
  Port Blair 
  Port Elizabeth 
  Port Louis 
  Port Moresby 
  Port-au-Prince 
  Portland 
  Portmore 
  Porto 
  Porto Alegre 
  Porto-Novo 
  Posadas 
  Poznań 
  Prague 
  Prayagraj 
  Puebla 
  Puerto Jimenez 
  Puerto Plata 
  Pune 
  Puno 
  Punta Arenas 
  Punta Arenas 
  Puri 
  Putrajaya 
  Pyin Oo Lwin 
  Qala-e-Naw 
  Qazvin 
  Qingdao 
  Quebec City 
  Quetta 
  Quezon City 
  Quibala 
  Quilmes 
  Quito 
  Rabat 
  Radom 
  Raipur 
  Rajahmundry 
  Rajkot 
  Rajshahi 
  Rameswaram 
  Ranchi 
  Rangpur 
  Rangunia 
  Ranipet 
  Raozan Upazila 
  Ras al Khaimah 
  Ratlam 
  Rawalpindi 
  Reading 
  Recife 
  Red Deer 
  Regina 
  Regional Municipality of Niagara 
  Resistencia 
  Reykjavik 
  Ribeirao Preto 
  Richmond Hill 
  Riffa 
  Rijeka 
  Rio Cuarto 
  Rio de Janeiro 
  Riyadh 
  Rochor 
  Rome 
  Roorkee 
  Rosario 
  Rosario 
  Roskilde 
  Rostov-on-Don 
  Rotterdam 
  Rourkela 
  Ruse 
  Russeifa 
  Saharanpur 
  Saint Pölten 
  Saint Petersburg 
  Saitama 
  Sakete 
  Salalah 
  Salem 
  Salmiya 
  Salta 
  Saltillo 
  Salto 
  Salvador 
  Salzburg 
  Samara 
  Samarkand 
  Sambalpur 
  Samsun 
  San Antonio 
  San Diego 
  San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca 
  San Francisco 
  San Jose 
  San Juan 
  San Juan 
  San Luis 
  San Luis Potosi 
  San Miguel 
  San Miguel de Tucuman 
  San Nicolas de los Arroyos 
  San Pedro Sula 
  San Salvador 
  San Salvador de Jujuy 
  Sanad 
  Sangli 
  Sanliurfa 
  Sanlıurfa 
  Sant Julia de Loria 
  Santa Clara 
  Santa Coloma 
  Santa Cruz de la Sierra 
  Santa Cruz de la Sierra 
  Santa Fe 
  Santa Marta 
  Santa Rosa 
  Santarem 
  Santiago 
  Santiago de Cali 
  Santiago de Cuba 
  Santiago del Estero 
  Santo Domingo 
  Santos 
  Sao Luis 
  Sao Paulo 
  Sao Tome 
  Sao Vicente 
  Sapporo 
  Sar-e Pol 
  Sarajevo 
  Sarande 
  Sargodha 
  Sarh 
  Saskatoon 
  Satara 
  Savannah 
  Savar Upazila 
  Seattle 
  Seeb 
  Semarang 
  Sengkang 
  Seoul 
  Sepang 
  Serrekunda 
  Setif 
  Seville 
  Sha Tin 
  Shah Alam 
  Shanghai 
  Sharjah 
  Sharjha 
  Sheberghan 
  Shenyang 
  Shenzhen 
  Shillong 
  Shimla 
  Shimoga 
  Shindand 
  Shiraz 
  Shirdi 
  Shivamogga 
  Shkoder 
  Sidi Bel Abbes 
  Sikasso 
  Siliguri 
  Singapore 
  Sintra 
  Sirajganj 
  Sisimiut 
  Sisophon 
  Skagen 
  Skopje 
  Sofia 
  Sohar 
  Solapur 
  Souk Ahras 
  Soweto 
  Spanish Town 
  Split 
  springfield 
  Sreemangal Upazila 
  Srinagar 
  St. Catharines 
  Stara Zagora 
  Stavenger 
  Stockholm 
  Strasbourg 
  Stuttgart 
  Sucre 
  Sucre 
  Suez 
  Sumqayit 
  Sumqayit 
  Sungai Petani 
  Sur 
  Surabaya 
  Surat 
  Surat Thani 
  Surrey 
  Suva 
  Suwon-si 
  Suzhou 
  Swakopmund 
  Sydney 
  Sylhet 
  Sylhet District 
  Szczecin 
  Tabriz 
  Tagab 
  Taichung 
  Taichung City 
  Taif 
  Tainan 
  Tainan City 
  Taipei 
  Taipei City 
  Taleqan 
  Tallinn 
  Tampere 
  Tangier 
  Tarija 
  Tashkent 
  Tauranga 
  Tchaourou 
  Tebessa 
  Tegucigalpa 
  Tehran 
  Teknaf Upazila 
  Tel Aviv-Yafo 
  Tenkodogo 
  Teresina 
  Teyateyaneng 
  Tezpur 
  Thane 
  Thanjavur 
  The Hague 
  Thessaloniki 
  Theth 
  Thimphu 
  Thiruvananthapuram 
  Thoothukudi 
  Thrissur 
  Thunder Bay 
  Tianjin 
  Tijuana 
  Timișoara 
  Tirana 
  Tirin Kut 
  Tiruchengode 
  Tiruchirappalli 
  Tirunelveli 
  Tirupati 
  Tlemcen 
  Tokyo 
  Tongi 
  Toowoomba 
  Toronto 
  Torun 
  Toulouse 
  Townsville 
  Townsville City 
  Trincomalee 
  Trishal Upazila 
  Trois-Rivieres 
  Trondheim 
  Trujillo 
  Tucson 
  Tumakuru 
  Turin 
  Turku 
  Tuzla 
  Tāfuna 
  Uberlandia 
  Ubon Ratchathani 
  Udaipur 
  Udon Thai 
  Udon Thani 
  Udupi 
  Ufa 
  Ujjain 
  Ulaanbaatar 
  Ulanqab 
  Ullapara Upazila 
  Ulsan 
  Utheemu 
  Utrecht 
  Vacoas 
  Vadodara 
  Vailoatai 
  Vaitogi 
  Valbone 
  Valencia 
  Valparaiso 
  Vanadzor 
  Vanadzor 
  Vancouver 
  Vantaa 
  Varanasi 
  Varna 
  Vatican city 
  Vaughan 
  Veligandu Island 
  Veliko Tarnovo 
  Vellore 
  Venice 
  Verona 
  Viciebsk 
  Victoria 
  Vienna 
  Vijayapura 
  Vijayawada 
  Villa Lugano 
  Villach 
  Vilnius 
  Vina del Mar 
  Vinnytsia 
  Vitoria 
  Vizag 
  Vlore 
  Volgograd 
  Walvis Bay 
  Warangal 
  Warsaw 
  Washington 
  Wellington 
  wilmington 
  Windhoek 
  Windsor 
  Winnipeg 
  Wollongong 
  Wuhan 
  Xi'an 
  Xiamen 
  Xian 
  Xilingol League 
  Yangon 
  Yantai 
  Yaounde 
  Yekaterinburg 
  Yerevan 
  Yeswanthpur 
  Yishun 
  Yogyakarta 
  Yokohama 
  Zagazig 
  Zagreb 
  Zaporizhzhia 
  Zaragoza 
  Zaranj 
  Zarcero 
  Zarqa 
  Zhengzhou 
  Zhongshan 
  Zomba 
  Zurich 

 Topic  
   
 Accidents and Injuries 
  Accounting 
  Advanced Sociology of Education 
  Aeronautical 
  African Literature 
  African Studies 
  Agriculture 
  AI 
  Allergy 
  Alternative Health 
  American Studies 
  Anesthesia 
  Animal 
  Animal Genetics 
  Anthropology 
  Applied Mathematics 
  Aquaculture 
  Aquatic Nutrition and Health 
  Arbitration and Mediation 
  Archaeology 
  Architecture 
  Art History 
  Artificial Intelligence 
  Arts 
  Asian Studies 
  Asthma 
  Astronomy 
  Autism 
  Aviation Technology 
  Ayurveda 
  Banking 
  Bankruptcy and Debt 
  Behavioral Medicine 
  Big Data 
  Biodiversity 
  Bioethics 
  Bioinformatics 
  Biology 
  Biology Education 
  Biomaterials 
  Biomedical Engineering 
  Biomedicine 
  Bionuclear Engineering 
  Biophysics 
  Biotechnology 
  Blockchain 
  Blood Pressure 
  Boolean Algebra 
  Brain 
  Built Environment 
  Business 
  Business Ethics 
  Business Statistics 
  Cancer 
  Cardiology 
  Career fair 
  Categorical Algebra 
  Cell Sciences 
  Chemistry 
  Children and Youth 
  Children's Health 
  Cholesterol 
  Church conference 
  Civil Engineering 
  Civil Rights 
  Clinical Laboratory 
  Common cold 
  Communications and Media 
  Commutative Algebra 
  Complex Analysis 
  Complex Systems 
  Computational Mathematics 
  Computational science 
  Computer Education and Instructional Technology 
  Computer Science 
  Computer software and applications 
  Computing 
  Conflict resolution 
  Consumer Issues 
  Control and Automation 
  Control Automation 
  Cosmetology 
  Creative Education and Learning 
  Creativity 
  Criminal Law 
  Critical care 
  crop science 
  Cryptography 
  Culture 
  Cybersecurity 
  Dairy Sciences 
  Dangerous Products 
  Data acquisition 
  Dentistry 
  Depression 
  Dermatology 
  Design 
  Development Studies 
  Diabetes 
  Digestive Disorders 
  Disability and Rehabilitation 
  Disaster Management 
  Discourse 
  Distance Education 
  Divorce and Family Law 
  Drug Discovery 
  E-commerce 
  E-learning 
  Earth Observation 
  Earth Sciences 
  Ecology 
  Economics 
  Ecosystems 
  Education 
  Education and Human Development 
  Education fair 
  Education Law 
  Educational and Pedagogical Sciences 
  Educational Systems Planning 
  Elder law and Aging 
  Electrical 
  Electronics 
  Embedded systems 
  Emergency medicine 
  Employee's Right 
  Energy 
  Engineering 
  Engineering Education and Research 
  English Literature 
  Ent 
  Entrepreneurship 
  Environment 
  Epidemiology 
  Estates and Probbate 
  European Studies 
  Exercise Science 
  Eye Health 
  Family Medicine 
  Film studies 
  Finance 
  First Aid and Emergencies 
  Fisheries 
  Food Safety 
  Foreign Language 
  Forensic 
  Forestry 
  Gastroenterology 
  Gender studies 
  Genetics 
  Geophysics and Geology 
  Gerontology 
  GIS 
  GLBT Studies 
  Global Politics 
  Global Positioning System 
  Globalization 
  Gynecology 
  Headache 
  Health 
  Health Care Law 
  Health Disparity 
  Healthcare 
  Healthy Living 
  Heart Health 
  Heat Transfer 
  Hepatitis 
  Herbal medicine 
  Higher Education 
  History 
  HIV/AIDS 
  Homological Algebra 
  Human Geography 
  Human Resource Management 
  Human Rights 
  Hydrology 
  Hygiene 
  Identity 
  Image Processing 
  Immigration Law 
  Immune Systems 
  Income Disparity 
  Industrial Application 
  Industrial Engineering 
  Infections 
  Infectious diseases 
  Influenza Conference 
  Information science 
  Information Security 
  Information Technology 
  Intellectual property 
  Interdisciplinary studies 
  International Business 
  International Relations 
  Internet 
  Internet Law For The Public 
  IOT 
  Islamic Studies 
  Justice and legal studies 
  Labor Economics 
  Language 
  Law 
  Lawsuits and Lawyers 
  Leadership 
  Learning 
  Liberal Arts education 
  Lifelong Learning 
  Light Water Reactor Technology 
  Linear Algebra 
  Linguistic 
  Linguistics 
  Literacy Perspectives 
  Literature 
  Local Government 
  Logistics 
  lung disease 
  Management 
  Manufacturing 
  Marine Engineering 
  Marketing 
  Material Science 
  Mathematical sciences 
  Mathematics 
  Mechanical 
  Media Design 
  Medical 
  Medical equipment 
  Medical ethics 
  Medical Imaging 
  Medical Science 
  Medical Statistics 
  Medicine 
  Memory 
  Men's Health 
  Mental Health 
  Metabolism 
  Meteorology 
  Microbiology 
  Micromanagement 
  Migraine 
  Military 
  Mining 
  Multiculturalism 
  Multidisciplinary Studies 
  Museums and heritage 
  Music 
  Music Education 
  Mycobacterial Diseases 
  Nanotechnology and Smart Materials 
  Natural Language 
  Nervous System 
  Networking 
  Neurology 
  Neuroscience 
  Nuclear Engineering 
  Nuclear Fuel 
  Nuclear Fusion 
  Nuclear Proliferation 
  Nuclear Safety 
  Nuclear Waste 
  Number Theory 
  Numerical Analysis 
  Nursing 
  Nursing Informatics and Education 
  Nutrition 
  Obesity 
  Occupational Science 
  Oceanography 
  Oncology 
  Operational Research 
  Ophthalmology 
  Optimization Theory 
  Oral Health 
  Orthodontics 
  Orthopedics 
  Osteoporosis 
  Pain Management 
  Palliative Care 
  Pathology 
  Pattern Recognition 
  Pedagogical Methods 
  Pediatrics 
  Pharmaceutical 
  Pharmacy 
  Philosophy 
  Physical Education 
  Physical Therapy 
  Physics 
  Plant Systems Biology 
  Plasma Physics 
  Poetry 
  Political Science 
  Politics 
  Polymers and Plastics 
  Poverty 
  Pregnancy 
  Probability 
  Production Engineering 
  Prostate Cancer 
  Prosthodontics 
  Psychiatry 
  Psychology 
  Psychology Of Violence 
  Public Health 
  Public Policy 
  Public Policy and Governance 
  Pulmonology 
  Quantum Engineering 
  Racial Equality 
  Racial Issues 
  Radiation 
  Radiography 
  Radiology 
  Reactor Engineering 
  Real Estate 
  Reciprocity Laws 
  Regression Analysis 
  Religious studies 
  Renewable Energy 
  Representation Theory 
  Robotics 
  Securities Law 
  Sexual Health 
  Sexuality and eroticism 
  Signal Processing 
  Skin care 
  Sleep Disorders 
  Small business 
  Small scale business 
  Smart technology 
  Social Sciences 
  Social Security And Retirement 
  Social Work 
  Sociology 
  Soft computing 
  Software Engineering 
  Soil 
  soil science 
  Space Environment 
  Spirituality 
  Sport Coaching 
  Sport science 
  Sports and Fitness 
  Sports Biomechanics 
  Sports Engineering 
  Sports Law 
  Sports Management 
  Sports Medicine 
  Sports Science and Nutrition 
  Sports Technology 
  Statistical Inference 
  Statistics 
  Strategic Management 
  Structural Engineering 
  Supply Chain Management 
  Surgery 
  Survival Analysis 
  Sustainable Development 
  Systems Engineering 
  Teaching 
  Technology 
  Thermal Hydraulics 
  Thyroid 
  Time Series 
  Tourism 
  Traditional medicine 
  Transport 
  Trauma care 
  Trichology 
  Ultrasound 
  Urban studies 
  Urology 
  Vaccines 
  Vector Spaces 
  Veterinary and Biomedical Sciences 
  Veterinary Biochemistry 
  Veterinary Forensics 
  Veterinary Histopathology 
  Veterinary Science 
  Violence 
  Vision Engineering 
  Waste Management 
  Water 
  Wearable technology 
  Wireless Communication 
  Women's Health 
  Youth Conference 

  Apply Filter    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

47. Conference ICDT_0:
EDBT/ICDT 2025 Joint Conference  
  
 25th March - 28th March, 2025  
 Barcelona |  

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

48. Conference ICDSE_2:
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies  
  
 We solicit position papers for a special track at ICDE 2025. The field of databases is rapidly growing simultaneously in several ways. New systems with new capabilities and new approaches to data management are being constantly developed. Database technologies and ideas are finding their way into new applications. The field of data science, of which data curation, wrangling, cleaning, etc. are key is exploding. Over the years, we as a community have adapted our conferences to accommodate and encourage such growth. For instance, the CIDR conference targets early papers that provide a forum to exchange radically new ideas. Conferences such as VLDB and SIGMOD have created special tracks to promote research in data science and to provide a forum to share experiences dealing with data analysis in diverse application settings. The objective of ICDE 2025 Data Engineering Future Technologies (DEFT) Track is to look forward and provide visions for data engineering and analytics in the near future. The submissions must therefore provide well-articulated problem statement and motivations to set the stage, solution space and possibly some preliminary studies. The papers may be speculative, not be perfect, but must be thought provoking, with basis on science and technology.  
 As in previous year, we will have a panel of distinguished special track PC members that consist of senior members of our community (listed below). The DEFT track submission offers an opportunity to share your vision of novel challenges faced by future data systems, novel use cases/applications of data management technologies in emerging areas. It also provides a unique opportunity to get feedback on your futuristic research from distinguished senior researchers in our community.  

 Papers of Interest for the Special Track  

 We welcome submissions in the following two categories. The categories listed below are not intended to be exhaustive. Papers that do not necessarily fall into one of these two categories will also be considered. However, papers that are suitable for research and data science tracks should NOT be submitted here.   
 Vision Papers: | Papers describing data management use cases/scenarios that push the limit of existing systems The papers should clearly articulate the importance of the use case, make an argument about limitations of existing technology, and lay out a direction of the future. 
  Expanding the Landscape: | Papers that highlight database technologies to be used in novel ways to solve problems in different domains (e.g., precision medicine using OLAP technology, data engineering for 3D scene construction and protein folding with data preparation techniques). Novel applications about data, topics include but not limited to data pricing, data auction and data sharing, and data management issues in metaverse. Papers addressing any emerging novel data usage applications 

 Restrictions and Guidelines  

 Submission Length:  6-12 pages, double column, IEEE format. It is recommended that papers be closer to 6 pages than the maximum limit of 12.  
 Number of Submissions:  Each person can co-author NO MORE than 2 submissions of which, he/she can be a lead author of at most one paper.  
 Submissions from DEFT Track PC:  We encourage members of the DEFT track PC to consider submitting papers as well. Since the DEFT track PC list is small, to maintain anonymity of reviews further, for papers co-authored by DEFT track PC members, we may seek reviewers from regular PC as needed.  
 Submissions should be done to the Microsoft CMT at the following link: https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDEDEFT2025  .  
 Important Dates:  ICDE 2025 DEFT track has only one round of submissions. All deadlines are 11:59PM Anywhere on Earth (AoE)  .  
 Submission due: December 6, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): February 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 

 Data Engineering Future Technologies Chairs  

 Feifei Li, Alibaba, China  
 Guoliang Li, Tsinghua University, China  

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

49. Conference ICDT_1:
EDBT/ICDT 2025 Joint Conference  
  
 25th March - 28th March, 2025  
 Barcelona |  

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

50. Conference ICDSE_3:
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Industry and Application Papers  
  
 The IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE) 2025 Industry and Applications Track will feature high-quality submissions describing innovative industrial-strength data management systems and solutions in all areas of data management systems as well as innovative and demanding application scenarios.   

 Topics of Interest  

 The track will emphasize submissions that describe innovative industrial advancements in relevant areas including, but not limited to:   
 Database and data management systems 
  Cloud systems 
  Data systems on new hardware 
  Scalable machine learning and data mining systems 
  Data quality and cleaning 
  Mobile data management 
  Stream data processing and IoT 
  Information retrieval 
  Knowledge discovery 
  Information integration 
  Applications of LLMs to data management 
    
 We discourage submissions that do not articulate the innovative aspect of a product or application project (including relevant open-source software), but rather give a general overview. We also discourage submissions that address a pure research problem. Each submission must include at least one author with a non-academic affiliation (please note that this is not a sufficient condition for a paper to be considered as an industrial paper).  
 The Industry and Applications Track will accept short (6 pages + unlimited space for references) as well as long (12 pages + unlimited space for references) submissions.   

 Important Dates  

 The Industry and Applications Track has only one round of submissions. All deadlines are 11:59PM Anywhere on Earth (AoE).   
 Submissions due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revisions due: February 25, 2025 
  Final notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copies due: April 8, 2025 

 Submission Guidelines  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in accordance with the IEEE format  , and submitted to the ICDE 2025 Industrial Track submission website  .  
 Long papers must not exceed 12 pages plus unlimited space for references, and short papers must not exceed 6 pages plus unlimited space for references. Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered. Papers that do not follow the guidelines or are not within the scope of topics relevant to ICDE will be desk rejected. Authors are encouraged to contact the industrial track chairs if they need clarification regarding the suitability of their work to this track.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Each submission must include all author names and affiliations. Changes to the author list after paper acceptance are not permitted. In case an exceptional situation arises necessitating a change in the author list, the situation needs to be explained via email to the industrial track chairs, who will decide whether to approve the change.  
 All accepted papers will appear in the proceedings. IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from IEEE Xplore), if none of the authors attends the conference to present their paper.  
 All submissions should follow ICDE 2025 Research Track guidelines on Inclusion and Diversity in Writing, and Conflicts of Interest  (scroll all the way down).  

 Industry and Application Chairs  

 Malu Castellanos, Oracle, USA  
 Xing Xie, Microsoft, China  
 Minos Garofalakis, ATHENA Research Center & Technical University of Crete, Greece  

 Area Chairs  

 C Mohan, Tsinghua University  
 Cyrus Shahabi, University of Southern California  
 Fatma Ozcan, Google  
 Ippokratis Pandis, Amazon Web Services  
 Jingren Zhou, Alibaba Group  
 Kai Zeng, Huawei Technologies  
 Meichun Hsu, Oracle  
 Rajesh Bordawekar, IBM T. J. Watson Research Center  
 Stavros Harizopoulos, Facebook  
 Yannis Velegrakis, Utrecht University  

 Reviewers  

 Alekh Jindal, Tursio  
 Alkis Simitsis, Athena Research Center  
 Amine Mhedhbi, Polytechnique Montréal  
 Anderson Chaves Carniel, Huawei Technologies  
 Antonios Katsarakis, Huawei Research  
 Bei Li, Google  
 Berthold Reinwald, IBM Research – Almaden  
 Bin Wu, Alibaba Group  
 Bo Tang, Southern University of Science and Technology  
 Brian Cooper, Google  
 Cheng Chen, Bytedance  
 David Cohen, Intel  
 Dongxiang Zhang, Zhejiang University  
 Ekaterini Ioannou, Tilburg University  
 Eser Kandogan, Megagon  
 Guanfeng Liu, Macquarie University  
 Hailong Liu, Northwestern Polytechnical University  
 Iman Elghandour, SAP  
 Ioana Ileana, Université Paris Cité  
 Jie Bao, Microsoft Research Asia  
 Kai Huang, HKUST  
 Katsiaryna Mirylenka, IBM Research Europe  
 Konstantinos Karanasos, Meta  
 Krishna Kantikiran Pasupuleti, Oracle  
 Leonid Libkin, University of Edinburgh & RelationalAI  
 Lu Chen, Zhejiang University  
 Maria Luisa Sapino, Torino University  
 Mengxuan Zhang, Iowa State University  
 Mohamed Eltabakh, Qatar Foundation  
 Mosha Pasumansky, Firebolt  
 Nan Tang, HKUST (GZ)  
 Nikolay Yakovets, TU Eindhoven  
 Odysseas Papapetrou, TU Eindhoven  
 Paul Boniol, Inria, Ecole normale supérieure  
 Paul Brown, Teradata  
 Pedro Pedreira, Meta Platforms Inc.  
 Pinar Karagoz, Middle East Technical University (METU)  
 Pratanu Roy, Huawei Research and Development (UK) Ltd.  
 Quanqing Xu, OceanBase  
 Ruiyuan Li, Chongqing University  
 Shasank Chavan, Oracle  
 Shen Liang, Université Paris Cité  
 Siqiang Luo, Nanyang Technological University  
 Stefano Bortoli, Huawei Research Center  
 Tieke He, Nanjing University  
 Tieying Zhang, Bytedance  
 Tristan Allard, Univ Rennes, CNRS, IRISA  
 Utku Sirin, Harvard University  
 Vassilis Christophides, ENSEA  
 Venkata Meduri, IBM Research Almaden  
 Wentao Wu, Microsoft Research  
 Xiao Qin, Amazon Web Services  
 Xiaoyang Wang, University of New South Wales  
 Xiaoye Miao, Zhejiang University  
 Xin Cao, University of New South Wales  
 Yingqiang Zhang, Alibaba Group  
 Yongxin Tong, Beihang University  
 Yufei Han, Inria  
 Yurong Cheng, Beijing institute of technology  
 Yuwei Peng, Wuhan University  
 Ziawasch Abedjan, TU Berlin  

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content    
 IEEE.org 
  Computer.org 
  Technical Communities 

 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  General Information | Conference Overview 
  Organization Committees 
  Program Committees 
  Green ICDE 2025 
  Program | Registration 
  Workshops 
  Call for Contributions | Call for Research Paper 
  Call for Industry and Application Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Workshop Proposal 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for TKDE Poster 
  Call for PhD Symposium Submissions 
  Call for Data Engineering Future Technologies 
  Sponsorship 
  Archive | 2024 ICDE Site 
  2023 ICDE Site 

 Call for Research Papers  

 Topics of interest  

 We invite the submission of original research contributions in the following areas as they relate to data management: AI for Database Systems and Database Systems for AI 
  Benchmarking, Performance Modeling, Tuning, and Testing 
  Cloud Data Management 
  Crowdsourcing and Data Management 
  Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Data Models, Semantics, Query languages 
  Data Stream Systems and Edge Computing 
  Very Large Data Visualization and Interactive Data Exploration 
  Database Security and Privacy 
  Distributed Ledgers and Blockchains 
  Distributed, Parallel and P2P Data Management 
  Explainability, Fairness, and Trust in Data Systems and Analysis 
  Graphs, Networks, and Semi-structured Data Management 
  Information Integration and Data Quality 
  IoT Data Management 
  Modern Hardware and In-Memory Database Systems 
  Query Processing, Indexing, and Optimization 
  Transaction Management 
  Spatial Databases and Temporal Databases 
  Text, Semi-Structured Data Management, Multimedia Databases 
  Information Retrieval from a Data Management Perspective (where scalability and efficiency are prominent aspects of the contribution) 
  Uncertain, Probabilistic, and Approximate Databases 
  Very Large Data Science Applications/Pipelines 
  Workflows, Scientific Data Management 
    
 We also welcome any original contributions that may cross the boundaries among areas or point in other novel directions of interest to the database research community.   

 Important Dates  

 IEEE ICDE 2025 will have two rounds of research paper submissions with each round involving two reviewing phases, the first of which leads to Revise & Resubmit, Accept or Reject and the second leads to Accept or Reject to allow for revisions.  
 Notification dates are approximate.   
 All deadlines are 11:59PM AoE.   
 First Round:   
 Submission due: August 2, 2024 
  Notification for authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): September 24, 2024 
  Revision due: October 29, 2024 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): November 26, 2024 
  Camera-ready copy due: December 10, 2024 
  Second Round (  CMT will open for Round 2 Submissions in early November  ):  
      
 Submission due: November 25, 2024 
  Notification for Authors (Accept/Revise/Reject): January 21, 2025 
  Revision Due: February 25, 2025 
  Notification to authors (Accept/Reject): March 25, 2025 
  Camera-ready copy due: April 8, 2025 
  Paper should be submitted using the Conference Management Tool https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ICDE2025  .  

 Notes on Research Papers  

 Manuscripts must be prepared in  accordance with the IEEE format available at https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html  .  
 Research papers must not exceed 12 pages  not including the references. No appendix is allowed  . Only electronic submissions in PDF format will be considered.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 cannot be under review for any other conference or journal during the entire time it is considered for ICDE 2025, and it must be substantially different from any previously published work.  
 A paper submitted to ICDE 2025 must present original work not described in any prior publication that is more than 4 double-column pages in length. A prior publication is a paper that has been accepted for presentation at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or an article that has been accepted for publication in a refereed journal. If an ICDE 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication, along with all other relevant published work, even if this prior publication is at or below the 4-page length threshold.  
 Any author of ICDE 2025 should not be a co-author of more than 10 submitted research papers across the two submission rounds.  
 Submissions will be reviewed in a single-blind manner. Submissions that are rejected in the first round of the IEEE ICDE 2025 research track are not eligible for re-submission to the second round.  
 The best papers (as judged by the ICDE 2025 PC) will be selected for submission as an extended version to be published in the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (TKDE).  
 IEEE reserves the right to exclude a paper from distribution (e.g., remove it from IEEE Xplore) after the conference if none of the authors attend the conference to present their paper.   

 Desk Rejection Policy  

 ICDE research track submissions that don’t meet the following requirements may be rejected without review.  
 Submissions must follow the aforementioned guidelines  and length  requirements specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 Submissions must be in scope  of ICDE 2025. Specifically, this means that a submission must align with at least one of the above topic areas  defined for ICDE 2025 and situate itself within the state of the art of current and past research in the database community in general and within the selected topic(s) in particular  . For example, submissions that purely advance machine learning approaches not relating to any data management aspects (e.g. scalability and efficiency) would be considered as not in scope of ICDE.  
 Authors must correctly declare all conflicts of interest (COI)  with members of the program committee. Both, not reporting COIs as well as frivolously defining COIs, count as a violation of this requirement. The exact definition of a COI is specified in the ICDE 2025 Call for Papers.  
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (Area Chairs and PC members) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected.  
 With stricter COI rules than before, we understand that finding COIs with a large review board requires considerable extra effort. To facilitate this process, we provide a searchable spreadsheet  of COIs (based on DBLP data) with the review board.  
 Authors can use this spreadsheet as a resource when declaring COIs during submission. It is not meant to be authoritative or cover all types of COIs, so authors must still do their due diligence to identify and declare COIs missing from the list. This spreadsheet may be updated during the year as well, so please be sure to check prior to every submission.  
 Searchable spreadsheet with COIs for authors’ convenience: searchable spreadsheet  .  
 After a paper is accepted, the set of authors cannot be changed.  
 Submissions that were desk rejected in Round 1 due to COI violations, failure to follow length and formatting instructions, or being out of scope for ICDE may be resubmitted in Round 2. The responsibility rests with the authors to ensure their paper meets all submission requirements.  
 Conflict declaration on CMT:  
    
 In order to declare COIs in CMT, each author of a submission must create a CMT profile and complete it with domain and individual conflicts. If a CMT profile is missing for at least one author of a submission, the paper will be desk rejected.  
 You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting “Domain Conflicts” and “Individual Conflicts”. An author’s declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions.  

 Reviewing Process  

 Review Quality:  ICDE 2025 papers will be stringently reviewed with at least 3 reviews per paper. The review process will be coordinated by the meta reviewer resulting in one of the decisions to either accept, reject, or revise the submission. A meta review will be provided based on the discussions about the paper. Paper revisions will go through an additional round of reviews before a final decision is made to accept or reject the paper.  
 Revisions:  Papers will be invited to submit a revised version of their paper if the PC believes the papers can reasonably be improved within the allocated revision time frame. Authors will have five weeks to prepare their revisions. The revision process is intended to be a constructive interaction between reviewers and authors.  

 Inclusions and Diversity in Writing  

 We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and profession. Both are important in our writing as well. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Also be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples. Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in your writing. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community’s diversity.   

 Conflict of Interest  

 During submission of a research paper, the submission site will request information about Conflicts of Interest (COI) of the paper’s authors with program committee (PC) members. It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all (and only) PC members with potential COIs as per the definition provided here. Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.   
 Definition of Conflict of Interest (COI):  An author X  of an ICDE 2025 research paper has a COI with a PC member or Area Chair Y  if and only if one or more of the following conditions hold:   
 X is a co-author of another ICDE 2025 submission together with Y. 
  X is a co-author of Y in a publication in the past three years. 
  X has been a co-author of Y for 4 (or more) publications in the last 10 years. 
  X has been a co-worker of Y in the same company or university within the past three years. 
  X has been a collaborator of Y within the past three years (e.g., held a joint grant). 
  X is or was Y’s primary thesis advisor or vice versa, no matter how long ago. 
  X is a relative or a close personal friend of Y (or vice versa). 
  The onus for correctly declaring COIs rests with the authors who must submit their complete set of COIs for a submission to be considered for review.    

 ARCHIVE   

 ICDE 2024 
  ICDE 2023 
  ICDE 2022 

 POLICIES  

 IEEE Privacy Policy 
  Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Event Code of Conduct 

 CONNECT   

 Facebook      X-twitter      Linkedin        

 © 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  .  
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

