1. Conference SCA_3:
Skip Navigation  SIGGRAPH 2025 submissions are now open! | Submit 
  Celebrate the season of giving by contributing a donation to SIGGRAPH 2025! | Donate Now 

    SIGGRAPH 2025     
   
 Conference 
  Programs 
  Exhibit | Exhibit at SIGGRAPH 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Job Fair Opportunities 
  Exhibitor Resources 
  Donate 
  Attend | Why Attend? 
  General Conference Information 
  Travel Accommodations 
  Health & Safety 
  Job Fair 
  Volunteer | SIGGRAPH 2025 Committee 
  Conference Volunteer Opportunities 
  ACM SIGGRAPH Organization Volunteers 
  Submit 
  Register 
    
  search     

  Menu     
  
 Visionary Ideas Propel Our Future  
 Submit to SIGGRAPH  
 We seek to showcase excellence and innovation across many disciplines in many formats. As the source of inspiration year after year, we invite you, our contributors, to submit your latest work in research, art, production, technology, and more. Your ingenuity and vision are transforming technology and storytelling to create a future that connects our physical and digital worlds with incredible potential for advancing the human story. Our juries of experts provide high-quality reviews and feedback. Which program is the best venue for your innovation? Click on a program for an overview and submissions details. We value excellence and pushing boundaries, and we want to help you find the right venue fit for innovative work. Contact program chairs  for additional information. Programs are now accepting submissions.  

 Submit Today  
 Programs Accepting Submissions  
   
 Technical  
  Papers  
 Submissions Form & Conflicts  

 Deadline  16 Jan 2025    

 Technical  
  Papers  
 Paper Deadline  

 Deadline  23 Jan 2025    

 Technical  
  Papers  
 Upload Deadline  

 Deadline  24 Jan 2025    

 Art  
  Papers  
 Long  

 Deadline  16 Jan 2025    

 Art  
  Papers  
 Short  

 Deadline  16 Jan 2025    

 Talks  

 Deadline  18 Feb 2025    

 Production  
  Sessions  

 Deadline  18 Feb 2025    

 Panels  

 Deadline  18 Feb 2025    

 Courses  

 Deadline  18 Feb 2025    

 Educator’s Forum  

 Deadline  18 Feb 2025    

 Computer Animation Festival  

 Deadline  To Be Announced    

 Real-Time Live!  

 Deadline  To Be Announced    

 Spatial Storytelling  

 Deadline  To Be Announced    

 Immersive  
  Pavilion  

 Deadline  18 Feb 2025    

 Art  
  Gallery  

 Deadline  28 Jan 2025    

 Posters  

 Deadline  To Be Announced    

 Labs  

 Deadline  18 Feb 2025    

 Emerging  
  Technologies  

 Deadline  18 Feb 2025    

 Birds of a Feather  

 Deadline  To Be Announced    

 Appy  
  Hour  

 Deadline  18 Feb 2025    

 Student Volunteers  
 SVSC Applications  

 Submissions Closed    

 Student  
  Volunteers  
 Team Leader Applications  

 Deadline  31 Jan 2025    

 Student  
  Volunteers  
 Volunteer Applications  

 Deadline  28 Feb 2025    

 Student Research Competition  

 Deadline  To Be Announced    

 Learn  More    

  SIGGRAPH 2025  
 Convention Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada  
 Join Us 10–14 August  
   
 Register   
   
 Submit   
   
 Exhibit   

 Sponsor SIGGRAPH  
 Sponsor Opportunities 
  Job Fair Opportunities 
    
 Resources  
 For The Press 
  For Participants 
    
 Directories  
 Sitemap 
  2025 Committee 

 Get in Touch  
 Contact Us 
  Join Mailing List 
    
 ACM Policies & Blog  
 Anti-Harassment 
  ACM Privacy Policy 
  ACM SIGGRAPH Blog 
    
 #SIGGRAPH2025  
 News & Events 
   Facebook    Twitter    Instagram    YouTube    LinkedIn     

 © 2024 SIGGRAPH. All rights reserved.  
 The 52nd International Conference & Exhibition On Computer Graphics & Interactive Techniques  

    Conference 
  Programs 
  Exhibit | Exhibit at SIGGRAPH 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Job Fair Opportunities 
  Exhibitor Resources 
  Donate 
  Attend | Why Attend? 
  General Conference Information 
  Travel Accommodations 
  Health & Safety 
  Job Fair 
  Volunteer | SIGGRAPH 2025 Committee 
  Conference Volunteer Opportunities 
  ACM SIGGRAPH Organization Volunteers 
  Submit 
  Register 
  Search Site

2. Conference PODS_1:
ACM SIGMOD/PODS  International Conference on Management of Data, June 22-27, 2025 Berlin, Germany    
   
 Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  SIGMOD Tutorial PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Conference Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Tourism 
  About Germany 
    
 Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Program  
 Accepted Papers 
  PODS Program  
 Accepted Papers 

 PODS 2025 CALL FOR RESEARCH PAPERS  
 The Principles of Database Systems (PODS) symposium series, held in conjunction with the SIGMOD conference series, provides a premier annual forum for the communication of new advances in the theoretical foundations of data management, traditional or nontraditional (see https://databasetheory.org/PODS).  
 The 2025 conference will be held in Berlin, Germany.  
 Mission  
 The PODS community has a pivotal position in the research of computer science. It aims to provide a solid scientific basis for methods, techniques, and solutions for the data management challenges that continually arise in our data-driven society. It develops new ways of advancing data management to reflect the rich landscape of data requirements in applications nowadays. Our goal is to develop solutions that ensure high levels of efficiency, scalability, usability, expressiveness, robustness, security, clarity, and privacy, among others. The PODS community is an open space where researchers from various areas related to the principles of computer science can discuss, interact, and propose solutions to problems in data management.  
 Scope  
 PODS seeks scientific articles that present principled contributions to modeling, application and system building in the context of data management. Such articles might be based, among others, on establishing theoretical results, developing new concepts and frameworks that deserve further exploration, providing experimental work that sheds light on the scientific foundations of the discipline, or a rigorous analysis of important industry artifacts. At a time when computer science is increasingly data-centric, it is essential to promote an active exchange of tools and techniques between PODS and other communities focused on data management. PODS thus pays special attention to those papers that help in the urgent process of integrating data management techniques within broader computer science.  
 Topics that fit the interests of the symposium include, but are not limited to:  
 Database processing: Query evaluation, query optimization, schema management, distributed data processing, approximate data processing 
  Database design: Data models, query languages, schemas, constraints 
  Database access: Data structures, access methods, concurrency, transactions 
  Data quality: Data consistency, data cleaning, data discovery, data exploration 
  Data analysis: Data mining, machine learning, information extraction, data streams 
  Uncertainty: Incomplete data, inconsistent data, probabilistic data 
  Interoperability: Mappings and views, data integration, data exchange, ontology-based data access 
  Responsible data management: Access control, privacy, security, verification, ethical aspects of data management 
  Human-database interaction: data summarization, data visualization, explanation for database queries 
  Connections between database principles and other disciplines 
  Submission Site  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=pods2025   
 Submission Format  
 Important: The submission format for PODS 2025 is different from that of previous years, for compatibility with the PACMMOD format of the PODS publications.   
 LaTex users must format their submission using the standard ACM "acmsmall" proceedings stylesheet:  
 https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template   
 They must use the following class declaration:  
  
 \documentclass[acmsmall,review,anonymous]{acmart}   
 A submission can be up to 15 pages, not including references, plus unlimited space for references. Additional details may be included in a clearly marked appendix, of unlimited length, that should be incorporated at submission time; online appendices are not allowed. However, an appendix will be read at the discretion of the program committee. Papers that are longer than 15 pages or do not cohere with the required format style risk rejection without consideration of their merits. The results of a submitted paper must be unpublished and not submitted elsewhere, including the formal proceedings of other symposia or workshops.  
 Authors of an accepted paper will be expected to sign copyright release forms and accepted papers will be published in a PODS 2025 issue of the PACMMOD ( https://dl.acm.org/journal/pacmmod  ) journal. Authors of papers published in the PACMMOD issues of PODS 2025 will be invited to present their work at the SIGMOD/PODS conference. PODS will apply a double-blind reviewing process. This implies that submitted papers must adhere to the double-blind reviewing policy described below and, in addition, authors must provide a list of potential conflicts of interest at the moment of submission.  
 Double-anonymous reviewing  
 PODS 2025 will use a lightweight double-anonymous reviewing process. This means that submissions must adhere to the following:  
 Author names and institutions must be omitted. 
  References to the authors’ own related work should be in the third person. 
  Acknowledgements, grant numbers, and links to submitted papers in public repositories will not be allowed. 
  However, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For instance, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web or give talks on their research ideas.  
 Merit-based acceptance  
 The paper selection will be merit-based. We have no a priori limit on the number of accepted papers. As such, paper selection is strongly based on the individual contribution of papers and less so on the number of papers ranked higher in the conference tool. The program committee will judge the work based on originality, quality, clarity of presentation, relevance to the field, and technical depth.  
 Important Dates  
 FIRST SUBMISSION PHASE:   
 Abstract: May 31, 2024  
 Submission: June 7, 2024  
 Rebuttal: July 29 - August 1, 2024  
 Initial notification: August 12, 2024  
 Revision submission: August 26, 2024  
 Final notification: September 2, 2024  
  
  SECOND SUBMISSION PHASE:   
 Abstract: December 2, 2024  
 Submission: December 9, 2024  
 Rebuttal: February 3-7, 2025  
 Initial notification: February 14, 2025  
 Revision submission: February 28, 2025  
 Final notification: March 7, 2025  
  
  All deadlines end at 5 PM Pacific Time.

3. Conference PODS_2:
ACM SIGMOD/PODS  International Conference on Management of Data, June 22-27, 2025 Berlin, Germany    
   
 Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  SIGMOD Tutorial PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Conference Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Tourism 
  About Germany 
    
 Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Program  
 Accepted Papers 
  PODS Program  
 Accepted Papers 

 SIGMOD 2025 CALL FOR RESEARCH PAPERS  
 Berlin, Germany, 2025, https://2025.sigmod.org   
 ACM SIGMOD is a leading international forum for data management research. Through the conference, participants will explore cutting edge ideas and results, and exchange techniques, tools and experiences.  
 Major Changes from Prior Years  
 Please make note of the following changes well before you submit your paper:  
 1 Year Wait: | Rejected papers cannot be submitted to SIGMOD until a full year has passed. I.e. a paper rejected at Round 4 of SIGMOD 2024 can only be resubmitted to Round 4 of SIGMOD 2025. A paper rejected at Round 2 can be resubmited to Round 2, 3, and 4 of SIGMOD 2025. 
  ORCIDs: | ORCIDs are required for all authors at the time of abstract submission. See | Submission Guidelines | . 
  Abstract, COIs and Paper Submission Dates: | Abstracts and COIs are submitted a week ahead of the main paper submission on Jan 10, Apr 10, Jul 10 or Oct 10. See | Dates | . 
  No Special Tracks: | Previous data-intensive and data science applications tracks are now folded into the main research track, although they retain unique criteria. See | Topics | . 
  No Author Feedback Phase: | There will be no author feedback phase this year. See | Review Process | . 
  Shepherding in place of Revision Requirements: | Initial feedback from reviews will be an unambiguous Accept or Reject. Accepted papers may have revision requirements from the reviews; a shepherd will assist authors of accepted papers in meeting these requirements. See | Review Process | . 
  Posters and Random Selection for Presentation: | Every accepted paper will be allocated a poster presentation slot. However, due to ever-increasing numbers of accepted papers, there will not be a speaking slot for each accepted paper in 2025. Instead, speaking slots will be allocated via random sampling among accepted papers. See | Presentation | . 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
  
 Topics 
  Dates 
  Dissemination 
  Presentation 
  Review Process 
  Submission Guidelines 
  TOPICS  
 We invite submissions in the following topics:  
 Data Management Systems   
 Benchmarking, monitoring, testing, and tuning database systems 
  Cloud, distributed, decentralized and parallel data management 
  Database systems on emerging hardware 
  Embedded databases, IoT and Sensor networks 
  Storage, indexing, and physical database design 
  Query processing and optimization 
  Transaction processing 
  Data warehousing, OLAP, Analytics 
   
 Models and Languages   
 Data models and semantics 
  Declarative programming languages and optimization 
  Spatial and temporal data management 
  Graphs, social networks, web data, and semantic web 
  Multimedia and information retrieval 
  Uncertain, probabilistic, and approximate databases 
  Streams and complex event processing 
   
 Human-Centric Data Management   
 Data exploration, visualization, query languages, and user interfaces 
  Crowdsourced and collaborative data management 
  User-centric and human-in-the-loop data management 
  Natural language processing for databases 
   
 Data Governance   
 Data provenance and workflows 
  Data integration, information extraction, and schema matching 
  Data quality, data cleaning 
  Data security, privacy, and access control 
  Responsible data management and data fairness 
  Metadata Management 
   
 Modern AI & Data Management   
 Structured queries over unstructured data: images, video, natural language, etc. 
  Natural language queries 
  Machine learning methods for database engine internals 
  Machine learning methods for database tuning 
  Data management and metadata for machine learning pipelines 
  Knowledge base management 
  Data mining 
  Prescriptive Analytics 
   
 Data-Driven Applications   
 Data-intensive (DI) applications 
  Data Science (DS) pipelines 
  Note that submissions in this topic should: | Focus on data life cycle and pipelines in DS applications OR novel data management in DI fields outside our core (e.g., graphics, networking, astronomy). 
  Detail deployed solutions for DS or DI applications. 
  Share real-world experiences. 
  Provide access to systems, datasets, query logs, benchmarks. 
  Describe the impact of the contribution on future research. 
   
 DATES  
 All deadlines are 11:59 PM AoE. Subscribe to the dates calendar here  .  
 Round 1   
  Weds, Jan 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs  
  Weds, Jan 17, 2024, Paper Submission  
  Thurs, Feb 29, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject  
  Thurs, Mar 7, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan  
  Thurs, Mar 21, 2024, Revision Feedback  
  Thurs, May 2, 2024, Final Notification  
   
 Round 2   
  Weds, Apr 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs  
  Weds, Apr 17, 2024, Paper Submission  
  Thurs, May 30, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject  
  Thurs, Jun 6, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan  
  Thurs, Jun 20, 2024, Revision Feedback  
  Thurs, Aug 1, 2024, Final Notification  
   
 Round 3   
  Weds, Jul 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs  
  Weds, Jul 17, 2024, Paper Submission  
  Thurs, Aug 29, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject  
  Thurs, Sep 5, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan  
  Thurs, Sep 19, 2024, Revision Feedback  
  Thurs, Oct 31, 2024, Final Notification  
   
 Round 4   
  Thurs, Oct 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs  
  Thurs, Oct 17, 2024, Paper Submission  
  Thurs, Nov 28, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject  
  Thurs, Dec 5, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan  
  Thurs, Dec 19, 2024, Revision Feedback  
  Thurs, Jan 30, 2025, Final Notification  
   
 DISSEMINATION  
 The rights of all ACM published authors are detailed at: https://authors.acm.org/author-services/author-rights   
 All accepted papers will also appear in a timely manner in an archival journal: Proceedings of the ACM on Management of Data (PACMMOD) at https://dl.acm.org/journal/pacmmod  .  
 PRESENTATION  
 Authors of accepted publications will be assigned a time to present a poster of their work at the poster plenaries in the conference. All papers are strongly encouraged to present a poster at these plenaries.  
 The number of SIGMOD submissions has been growing steadily over many years. To accommodate publication growth while maintaining an engaging and communal in-person conference, SIGMOD 2025 will randomly  select a subset of accepted papers for presentation at the conference. Authors of randomly selected papers will be invited to present their paper in a speaking slot at the conference.  
 A random sample of papers ensures a fair selection process, reflects the main themes of the pool of accepted papers, and maintains the principle that all papers regardless of presentation selection are of full SIGMOD quality.  
 REVIEW PROCESS  
 Each submission will receive three  reviews.  
  In response to community feedback, there will be no  author feedback this year. Moreover, unlike past years, all papers will receive an initial Accept or Reject decision upon completion of reviews. In lieu of the revision requests from prior years, many accepted papers will be assigned a shepherd  to guide authors through revisions. Final acceptance is contingent upon satisfying shepherding requests.  
   
 Timeline   
 These are rough timelines that are subject to change.  
 Submission to Notification is 6 weeks   
  
 Week |  
 0 | Abstract Bidding & Reviewer Assignment 
 1 | Submission and Review 
 2 | Review 
 3 | Review 
 4 | Discussion 
 5 | Discussion 
 6 | Discussion, Shepherd Selection (for all accepted papers; usually main champion) 

 Notification to Final Submission is 9 weeks   
  Rejected papers cannot be submitted to SIGMOD until a full year has passed.  

 Week |  
 1 | Authors create and submit revision plan 
 2 | Shepherd reviews plan and submits feedback 
 3 | Shepherd reviews plan and submits feedback 
 4-8 | Authors revise and resubmit 
 9 | Shepherd, AE, Reviewers make final acceptance/rejection decision 

 Common revision requests can include  
 justify a crucial assumption, 
  improve motivation of the potential benefits of the work, 
  clean up notation, tighten presentation, 
  compare against specific relevant prior work, 
  show experimental results with better data, such as at larger scale or with richer statistical properties. 
   
 Revision requests must be reasonably achievable in time for resubmission, and will not be requested to address lack of technical depth or novelty or where the revised paper will address a substantially different problem from the original.  
 One extra content page is allowed to accommodate the requested revision items. The revised submission should include a cover letter (up to 4 pages) to summarize how the authors have addressed the requested revisions.  
 In addition to the revised submission and cover letter, authors are encouraged to include a visual diff of the original and revised versions (e.g. via latexdiff or word processing tools that Track Changes).  
 SUBMISSION GUIDELINES  

 Submission Link | https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/SIGMOD2025 
 Submission Paper length | 12 pages excluding references 
 Appendix | No Appendix 
 Camera Ready Paper length | 13 pages excluding references, no appendix 
 File type and size | PDF (<= 10 MB) 
 Paper size | Letter (8.5” x 11”) 
 Format | 2-column ACM Proceedings format: Latex: | sample-sigconf.tex (version 2e) 
  Word: | Interim layout.docx 
  Overleaf: | ACM’s official 2-column template 
 Anonymity | Double-anonymity (see below) 

 No changes to author lists are allowed after submission. 
  No changes to title are allowed after submission except by AE request. 
  Accepted papers will need to be ported to the PACMMOD format for final publication. Do not use PACMMOD format for submission or review. 
   
 Declaring Conflicts of Interest (COI)   
   
 Each author | is responsible for entering their | ORCID | , own individual domain and PC conflicts on CMT. You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting ''Domain Conflicts'' and ''Individual Conflicts''. We expect authors to have a single unique ORCID: the one used at submission will be used for publication. 
  An author's declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions. 
  Conflicts are | not | declared per submission. 
  Conflict declaration must occur prior to paper submission. 
   
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all and only their potential conflict-of-interest PC members.  
 Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.  
 Definition of Conflict of Interest   
  A paper author has a conflict of interest with a PC member when, and only when, one or more of the following conditions holds:  
 The PC member is a co-author of the paper. 
  The PC member has been a co-worker in the same company or university within the past five years. | 1 
  The PC member has been a collaborator within the past five years. | 2 
  The PC member is or was the author's primary thesis advisor, or post-doctoral advisor, no matter how long ago. 
  The author is or was the PC member's primary thesis advisor, or post-doctoral advisor, no matter how long ago. 
  The PC member is a relative or close personal friend of the author. 
   
 1  Short-term associations, such as summer internships do not constitute institutional COIs. E.g., a student who interned at Microsoft should declare as conflicts any individuals in the group they worked with and other collaborators on their projects, but they should not declare a domain conflict with microsoft.com.  
 2  Collaborations are indicated by prior co-authorships, shared grant funding, and close research relationships, even if those have not yet resulted in common publications. Publications (typically with a large set of authors) that fall outside the traditional sense of research collaborations (e.g., “The Seattle Report on Database Research”, “ Diversity and Inclusion Activities in Database Conferences: A 2021 Report”, etc.) do not in themselves constitute a COI.  
 To identify any potentially spurious conflicts, PC members may be asked to confirm declared conflicts with submitting authors.  
 Duplicate Submissions and Novelty Requirement   
  Following the ACM guidelines  a research paper submitted to SIGMOD 2025 cannot be under review for any other publishing forum or presentation venue, including conferences, workshops, and journals, during the time it is being considered for SIGMOD. Furthermore, after you submit a research paper to SIGMOD, you must await the response from SIGMOD and only re-submit elsewhere if your paper is rejected — or withdrawn at your request — from SIGMOD. This restriction applies not only to identical papers but also to papers with a substantial overlap in scientific content and results.  
 To enforce this requirement, the high-level metadata of submissions (title, abstract, list of authors), may be shared with the Program Chairs / Editors of other conferences and journals.  
 Every research paper submitted to SIGMOD 2025 must present substantial novel research not described in any prior publication. In this context, a prior publication is (a) a paper of five pages or more, presented, or accepted for presentation, at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or (b) an article published, or accepted for publication, in a refereed journal. If a SIGMOD 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication (respecting the double anonymity requirement), and clearly indicate which parts of the work appeared in prior publications and which parts are novel to the current submission.  
 Any violation of this policy will result in the immediate rejection of the submission, as well as in notification to the members of the SIGMOD Executive Committee, the members of the SIGMOD PC, and the editors or chairs of any other forums involved.   
 Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects   
  As a published ACM author, you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  .  
 Inclusion and Diversity in Writing   
  We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and professions. Both are important in our writing as well. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community's diversity. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples.  
 Please visit this page for many examples of both exclusionary writing to avoid and inclusive writing that celebrates diversity to consider adopting: https://dbdni.github.io/pages/inclusivewriting.html  .  
 Authors are further encouraged to follow the tips and guidelines provided at: https://dbdni.github.io/#materials  .  
 Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in writing.  
 Please see https://www.acm.org/diversity-inclusion/words-matter  for inclusive alternatives for some of the terms commonly used in the computing profession.  
 Policy on Authorship Requirements   
  We follow the ACM policy on authorship requirements  . Specifically on the use of generative AI tools and technologies, the guidelines note that: "Generative AI tools and technologies, such as ChatGPT, may not be listed as authors of an ACM published Work. The use of generative AI tools and technologies to create content is permitted but must be fully disclosed in the Work. For example, the authors could include the following statement in the Acknowledgements section of the Work: ChatGPT was utilized to generate sections of this Work, including text, tables, graphs, code, data, citations, etc.). If you are uncertain about the need to disclose the use of a particular tool, err on the side of caution, and include a disclosure in the acknowledgements section of the Work."  
 Anonymity Requirements for all submissions   
  Research track submissions are subject to the double-anonymity requirement.  
 Every research track paper submitted to SIGMOD 2025 will undergo a double-anonymous reviewing process, following the three principles put forward in | (Snodgrass 2007) | : authors should not be required to go to great lengths to anonymize their submissions; comprehensiveness of the review trumps anonymizing efficacy. AEs retain flexibility and authority in managing the reviewing process. 
  PC members and referees, except the Associate Editors, who review the submission will not know the identity of the authors. To ensure anonymity of authorship from the PC members and referees, authors must at least do the following: Authors' names and affiliations must not appear on the title page or elsewhere in the submission. 
  Funding sources must not be acknowledged anywhere in the submission. 
  Research group members, or other colleagues or collaborators, must not be acknowledged anywhere in the submission. 
  The paper’s file name must not identify the authors of the submission. 
  Source file naming must also be done with care, to avoid identifying the authors' names in the submission's associated metadata. For example, if your name is Jane Smith and you submit a PDF file generated from a .dvi file called Jane-Smith.dvi, your authorship could be inferred by looking into the PDF file. 
   
 To avoid compromising the double-anonymity requirement, we request that the authors refrain from publicizing and uploading versions of their submitted manuscripts to pre-publication servers, such as arXiv, and other online forums during the reviewing period. If a version of a submission already resides on a pre-publication server, such as arXiv, the authors do not need to remove it before submitting to SIGMOD.  
 You must also use care in referring to related past work, particularly your own, in the paper. For example, if you are Jane Smith, the following text gives away the authorship of the submitted paper:  
 In our previous work [1, 2], we presented two algorithms for ... In this paper, we build on that work by ... Bibliography [1] Jane Smith, "A Simple Algorithm for ...," Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 1997, pp. 1 - 10. [2] Jane Smith, "A More Complicated Algorithm for ...," Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 1998, pp. 34 - 44.   
 The solution is to reference one's past work in the third person. This allows setting the context for your submission, while at the same time preserving anonymity:  
 In previous work [1, 2], algorithms were presented for ... In this paper, we build on that work by ... Bibliography [1] Jane Smith, "A Simple Algorithm for ...," Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 1997, pp. 1 - 10. [2] Jane Smith, "A More Complicated Algorithm for ...," Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 1998, pp. 34 - 44.   
 Despite the anonymity requirements, you should still include all relevant work of your own in the references, using the above style; omitting them could potentially reveal your identity by negation. However, self-references should be limited to the essential ones, and extended versions of the submitted paper (e.g., technical reports or URLs for downloadable versions) must not be referenced.  
 Common sense and careful writing can go a long way toward preserving anonymity without diminishing the quality or impact of a paper. The goal is to preserve anonymity while still allowing the reader to fully grasp the context (related past work, including your own) of the submitted paper. In past years, this goal has been achieved successfully by thousands of papers.  
 It is the responsibility of authors to do their very best to preserve anonymity. Papers that do not follow the guidelines here, or otherwise potentially reveal the identity of the authors, are subject to immediate rejection.  
 No exceptions will be made to the double anonymity requirement for Research Track papers. If the authors of a submission feel that double anonymity needs to be violated, for example to reveal the identity of a system, they may consider submission to a SIGMOD track that does not impose a double anonymity requirement, such as the Industry Track.  
 Artifacts and Reproducibility   
  SIGMOD strives to establish a culture where sharing research artifacts (data, results, code, and scripts) is the norm rather than an exception. SIGMOD reproducibility has three goals: (a) Highlighting the impact of database research papers; (b) enabling easy dissemination of research results; and (c) enabling easy sharing of code and experimentation set-ups. In this context, we expect all papers to make their code, data, scripts, and notebooks available if this is possible. Although it is not mandatory for acceptance, providing this extra material can help reviewers evaluate your work more thoroughly. Papers published at SIGMOD which have been successfully reproduced are also recognized and highlighted as such in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Please include a link with your materials in the text box provided in the submission form at the time of submission. For all Research Track submissions, the link and materials should preserve anonymity. For example this may be an anonymous GitHub repository. You may want to make sure that the link you provide is not indexed by search engines. On GitHub, you can do so by adding the following to the page head:  
 <meta name="robots" content="noindex">   
 We recognize that at the time of submission authors focus on fine-tuning the paper, and so we expect this link to be live within one week from submission. Reviewers that may need to look at the materials will not do so earlier than that. We do not expect a fully polished submission in terms of automatically reproducing results, but rather a reasonably clean version of the state of the code when submitting the paper. Please, do not use a shortened link which traces who accesses it.  
 In the event that you are not able to submit your code, data, scripts, and notebooks please explain in the text box provided in the submission form why this is the case.

4. Conference SOSP_0:
S O S P . O R G |  
  
  The ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP) is a conference that brings together developers and researchers from academia and industry to advance the science and technology in operating systems. The conference is sponsored by the ACM Special Interest Group on Operating Systems (SIGOPS)  . It has been held once every two years since 1967, when the first SOSP conference took place in Gatlinburg Tennessee. Information on SOSP conferences is provided below.   
 No | Year | Dates | Location | Proceedings / Website 
 30 | 2024 | Nov 4-6 | Austin, TX USA | Proceedings of the 30th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, November 4-6, 2024, Austin, TX USA. 
 29 | 2023 | Oct 23-26 | Koblenz, Germany | Proceedings of the 29th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 23-26, 2023, Koblenz, Germany. 
 28 | 2021 | Oct 26-29 | Virtual Event | Proceedings of the 28th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 26-29, 2021, Virtual Event. 
 27 | 2019 | Oct 27-30 | Huntsville, Ontario, Canada | Proceedings of the 27th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 27-30, 2019, Huntsville, Ontario, Canada. 
 26 | 2017 | Oct 28-31 | Shanghai, China | Proceedings of the 26th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 28-31, 2017, Shanghai, China. 
 25 | 2015 | Oct 4-7 | Monterey, CA USA | Proceedings of the 25th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 4-7, 2015, Monterey, CA USA. 
 24 | 2013 | Nov 3-6 | Farmington, PA USA | Proceedings of the 24th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, November 3-6, 2013, Farmington, PA USA. 
 23 | 2011 | Oct 23-26 | Cascais, Portugal | Proceedings of the 23rd ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 23-26, 2011, Cascais, Portugal. 
 22 | 2009 | Oct 11-14 | Big Sky, MT USA | Proceedings of the 22nd ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 11-14, 2009, Big Sky, MT USA. 
 21 | 2007 | Oct 14-17 | Stevenson, WA USA | Proceedings of the 21st ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 14-17, 2007, Stevenson, WA USA. 
 20 | 2005 | Oct 23-26 | Brighton, UK | Proceedings of the 20th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 23-26, 2005, Brighton, United Kingdom. 
 19 | 2003 | Oct 19-22 | Bolton Landing, NY USA | Proceedings of the 19th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 19-22, 2003, Bolton Landing, NY USA. 
 18 | 2001 | Oct 21-24 | Chateau Lake Louise, Banff, Canada | Proceedings of the 18th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 21-24, 2001, Chateau Lake Louise, Banff, Canada Operating System Review 35(5), ACM Press, 2001, ISBN 1-58113-389-8 
 17 | 1999 | Dec 12-15 | Kiawah Island Resort, SC USA | Proceedings of the 17th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, December 12-15, 1999, Kiawah Island Resort, SC USA Operating System Review 33(5), ACM Press, 1999, ISBN 1-58113-140-2 
 16 | 1997 | Oct 5-8 | Saint-Malo, France | Proceedings of the 16th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 5-8, 1997, St. Malo, France, Operating System Review 31(5), ACM Press, 1997, ISBN 0-89791-916-5 
 15 | 1995 | Dec 3-6 | Copper Mountain Resort, CO USA | Proceedings of the 15th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, December 3-6, 1995, Copper Mountain Resort, CO USA Operating System Review 29(5), ACM Press, 1995, ISBN 0-89791-715-4 
 14 | 1993 | Dec 5-8 | Asheville, NC USA | Proceedings of the 14th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, December 5-8, 1993, The Grove Park Inn and Country Club Asheville, NC USA, Operating System Review 27(5), ACM Press, 1993, ISBN 0-89791-632-8 
 13 | 1991 | Oct 13-16 | Pacific Grove, CA USA | Proceedings of the 13th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 13-16, 1991, Asilomar Conference Center, Pacific Grove, CA USA, Operating System Review 25(5), ACM Press, 1991 ISBN 0-89791-447-3 
 12 | 1989 | Dec 3-6 | Litchfield Park, AZ USA | Proceedings of the 12th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, December 3-6, 1989, The Wigwam, Litchfield Park, AZ USA Operating System Review 23(5), ACM Press, 1989, ISBN 0-89791-338-8 
 11 | 1987 | Nov 8-11 | Austin, TX USA | Proceedings of the 11th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, November 8-11, 1987, Stouffer Austin Hotel, Austin, TX USA Operating System Review 21(5), ACM Press, 1987, ISBN 0-89791-242-X 
 10 | 1985 | Dec 1-4 | Orcas Island, WA USA | Proceedings of the 10th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, December 1-4, 1985, Orcas Island. WA USA Operating System Review 19(5), ACM, New York, ISBN 0-89791-174-1 
 9 | 1983 | Oct 10-13 | Bretton Woods, NH USA | Proceedings of the 9th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 10-13, 1983, Bretton Woods, NH USA Operating System Review 17(5), ACM, New York, ISBN 0-89791-115-6 
 8 | 1981 | Dec 14-16 | Pacific Grove, CA USA | Proceedings of the 8th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, December 14-16, 1981, Asilomar Conference Grounds Pacific Grove, CA USA, Operating System Review 15(5), ACM, New York, ISBN 0-89791-062-1 
 7 | 1979 | Dec 10-12 | Pacific Grove, CA USA | Proceedings of the 7th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, December 10-12, 1979, Asilomar Conference Grounds, Pacific Grove, CA USA, Operating System Review 13(5), ACM, New York, ISBN 0-89791-009-5 
 6 | 1977 | Nov 16-18 | West Lafayette, IN USA | Proceedings of the 6th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, November 16-18, 1977, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN USA, Operating System Review 11(5), ACM, New York 
 5 | 1975 | Nov 19-21 | Austin, TX USA | Proceedings of the 5th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, November 19-21, 1975, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX USA, Operating System Review 9(5), Special Issue, 1975, ACM, New York 
 4 | 1973 | Oct 15-17 | Yorktown Heights, NY USA | Proceedings of the 4th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 15-17 1973, Thomas J. Watson, Research Center Yorktown Heights, NY USA, Operating System Review 7(4), October 1973, ACM, New York 
 3 | 1971 | Oct 18-20 | Palo Alto, CA USA | Proceedings of the 3rd ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 18-20, 1971, Stanford University, Palo Alto, CA USA Operating System Review 6(1-2), June 1972, ACM, New York 
 2 | 1969 | Oct 20-22 | Princeton, NJ USA | Proceedings of the 2nd ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 20-22, 1969, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ USA 
 1 | 1967 | Oct 1-4 | Gatlinburg, TN USA | Proceedings of the 1st ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, October 1-4, 1967, Gatlinburg, TN USA 

  Jason Nieh  , nieh@cs.columbia.edu

5. Conference SIGITE_3:
ACM Special Interest Group on Information Technology Education   

 About | IT Discipline 
  Executive Committee 
  History 
  Testimonials 
  Bylaws 
  IT Discipline | IT Model Curriculum 
  Accreditation 
  IT Education 
  IT Research 
  IT Programs (USA) 
  Events | SIGITE 2021 | SIGITE 2021—Proceedings 
  SIGITE 2021 IT Chairs meeting 
  SIGITE 2020 
  SIGITE 2019 
  SIGITE 2018 
  SIGITE/RIIT 2017 
  SIGITE/RIIT 2016 
  SIGITE/RIIT 2015 
  SIGITE/RIIT 2014 
  SIGITE/RIIT 2013 
  SIGITE/RIIT 2012 
  SIGITE 2011 
  Resources | Newsletters 
  SIGITE@LinkedIn 
  Links 
  Community | Membership 
  Membership Benefits 
  ACM 
  Blog 
  Menu:  About  - IT Discipline  - Executive Committee  - History  - Testimonials  - Bylaws  IT Discipline  - IT Model Curriculum  - Accreditation  - IT Education  - IT Research  - IT Programs (USA)  Events  - SIGITE 2021  - - SIGITE 2021—Proceedings  - - SIGITE 2021 IT Chairs meeting  - SIGITE 2020  - SIGITE 2019  - SIGITE 2018  - SIGITE/RIIT 2017  - SIGITE/RIIT 2016  - SIGITE/RIIT 2015  - SIGITE/RIIT 2014  - SIGITE/RIIT 2013  - SIGITE/RIIT 2012  - SIGITE 2011  Resources  - Newsletters  - SIGITE@LinkedIn  - Links  Community  - Membership  - Membership Benefits  - ACM  Blog     
   
 SIGITE 2021—Proceedings  

 SIGITE ’21: Proceedings of the 22st Annual Conference on Information Technology Education  
  Full Citation in the ACM Digital Library    
 SESSION: Session 1: Workshop 1  
 Applied Improvisation Techniques to Enhance IT Majors’ Soft Skills, Communication Skills, and Teamwork Skills   
 Russell McMahon 
  The 2017 Curriculum Guidelines for Baccalaureate Degree Programs in Information Technology now stresses the importance of soft skills (section 5.2.1), communication skills and team skills training for IT majors. Applied improvisation techniques can be used in teaching of technical concepts such as cybersecurity, agile development, database design, programming concepts, and most importantly, how to better one’s communication and teamwork skills. This workshop is designed for those who want to learn more about some of the various techniques used and how they can be incorporated into the IT curriculum. Nearly 20 years ago, the National Academy of Sciences Computer Science and Telecommunications Board (CSTB) recognized the importance of improvisation as tool to help IT practitioners become more creative. Creative problem-solving methodologies such as design thinking all tie into the use of improvisation. Companies such as Twitter, IDEO, and Google are using improvisation methods as a way of creating better collaborative teams and a work environment that says YES before NO. Improvisation training can help students and faculty to become better listeners, communicators, collaborators, innovators and those who can better focus on the organization or team story and not their own story.  

 SESSION: Session 2: Keynote Talk 1  
 Technology Leadership in Today’s World   
 Daren Thayne 
  The world needs innovative technology leaders. Virtually every organization relies on technology. And those organizations need innovative technology leaders who not only know how to wear the many and necessary hats, but who also are strategic partners who are fully aligned with the goals of the organization. How has the role of technology leadership changed over time? What are the attributes that define innovative technology leaders? To stay competitive in this world, why is it becoming more and more critical that organizations hire and develop innovative technology leaders?  

 SESSION: Session 3A: Curriculum  
 CC2020: An IT-Centric Overview   
 Barry M. Lunt 
  In 2005, the ACM, together with the IEEE Computer Society and the Association for Information Systems, released Computing Curricula 2005: The Overview Report[1]. This document has proven to be one of the most widely circulated and influential documents ever produced on the topic of computing curricula, and included computing programs in computer engineering (CE), computer science (CS), information systems (IS), information technology (IT), and software engineering (SE). This document was recently updated and released as Computing Curricula 2020: Paradigms for Global Computing Education[2], and included the first 5 computing programs as well as cybersecurity (CSEC) and some of data science (DS). This paper takes an IT-centric look at this updated document highlighting the changes and the additional insights this significant reference provides the computing educational community.  

 Revisiting Syntax Exercises in CS1   
 Anna Ly 
  John Edwards 
  Michael Liut 
  Andrew Petersen 
  Previous work has suggested that adopting a “syntax-first pedagogy” in introductory programming (CS1) improved student retention and performance. To confirm these results we added syntax exercises to an existing CS1 course. A quasi-experimental design was used, with topics with and without a syntax exercise introduction being compared. Data collected includes performance (number of submissions and time spent) on weekly exercises and assignments as well as student evaluations collected weekly and at the end of the term. Our observations suggest that a syntax-first approach improves student performance in the short-term. Students generally performed better on weekly exercises introduced using the syntax exercises, in terms of both the number of submissions required and time spent, than they did on exercises that were not. Furthermore, the reductions in time required to solve the existing weekly exercises partially offset the time required by the new syntax-focused exercises, and students, particularly those with less prior experience, valued the new syntax exercises. Our results suggest that adopting a syntax-first approach may have benefits for students with lower prior experience, and we encourage additional work, both to evaluate a fully-converted syntax-first course and to assess syntax exercises in a more controlled setting.  

 Strategies for Integrating Two-Year Information Technology and Cybersecurity Programs   
 Markus Geissler 
  Cara Tang 
  To meet the high demand for trained Cybersecurity professionals, many two-year colleges which have been offering degree programs in Information Technology (IT) are expanding or revising their course offerings to include Cybersecurity courses. The increasing importance of Cybersecurity skills has led to an increase in Cybersecurity requirements for IT majors. Due to considerations related to competency overlap, vendor-based academy content, government designations, faculty qualifications, general education requirements enrollment capacity, and other factors, two-year colleges are evaluating various options for how to effectively offer both IT and Cybersecurity content. Options include separate IT and Cybersecurity degrees, IT and Cybersecurity concentrations using a common core of general Computing courses, and multiple IT degree concentrations based on a common IT core. Colleges should evaluate the competencies expected of completers to determine how to best structure their programs.  

 SESSION: Session 3B: Panel 1  
 Equipping and Empowering Faculty through Professional Development to Create a Future-Ready Workforce in Emerging Technologies   
 Farzana Rahman 
  Elodie Billionniere 
  Ann Quiroz Gates 
  Felesia Stukes 
  Tech industry, especially, some areas within tech fields, such as Emerging Technology (EmTech), like cybersecurity, data science, mobile development, machine learning AI, and cloud computing, are expected to experience immense increases in job opportunities in coming years. While a variety of solutions are necessary to address the growing workforce needs in the EmTech industry, one of the largest untapped talent pools is women and underrepresented students. Clearly, HBCU and MSI hold great potential to broaden participation in EmTech because of their more diverse student populations access to a large number of underrepresented students, and closer faculty-to-student interaction. However, faculties at these institutions, who are at the forefront of developing required skills in students are often overlooked. Faculties at these institutions need help designing and implementing effective and evidence-based instruction materials to develop skills that are in high-demand in the EmTech industry. The goal of this panel is to offer a platform that can provide insight into the development of faculty professional development programs in EmTech in traditional institutions and within the context of HBCU and MSI.  

 SESSION: Session 4A: Cybersecurity  
 UCLP: A Novel UAV Cybersecurity Laboratory Platform   
 Ashok Raja 
  Julio Galvan 
  Yanyan Li 
  Jiawei Yuan 
  Recent years have witnessed a rapid development of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) and their applications in various fields. At the same time, the utilization of UAVs also raises serious security and safety concerns. Given a large number of UAV-related jobs to be created in the near future, it is pressing to educate and train current and next-generation cybersecurity professionals towards UAVs and their applications. However, there is a lack of education and training materials on UAV cybersecurity especially for hands-on practice. In this paper, we propose a novel UAV cybersecurity laboratory platform (UCLP), which provides efficient and effective hands-on practice. UCLP offers not only a cost-effective UAV cybersecurity practice environment, but also a series of designed and pre-configured lab modules. UCLP adopts a plug-in based design and hence supporting flexible customization of existing and new lab modules. UCLP uses technical solutions to overcome non-technical limitations in UAV cybersecurity practice (e.g., regulations of UAV operations). Our evaluation results demonstrated the efficiency, flexibility, and effectiveness of UCLP and indicated UCLP is promising to be integrated into the education and training of UAV, cybersecurity, and related fields.  

 An Online Gamified Learning Platform for Teaching Cybersecurity and More   
 Mac Malone 
  Yicheng Wang 
  Fabian Monrose 
  We present an online gamified learning platform for computer science and cybersecurity education. Exercises within the platform revolve around a custom game wherein students can demonstrate learned skills regarding password security, web security, traffic analysis, reverse engineering, cryptanalysis, and much more. We describe some key features that together make our platform novel, including its distributed infrastructure game engine, integrated development environment, automated feedback system, and support for individualization. We demonstrate how these features assist in the learning process — both in theory and in practice — and report on the use of the platform in a cybersecurity course.  

 Scaring People is Not Enough: An Examination of Fear Appeals within the Context of Promoting Good Password Hygiene   
 Marc Dupuis 
  Anna Jennings 
  Karen Renaud 
  Fear appeals have been used for thousands of years to scare people into engaging in a specific behavior or omitting an existing one. From religion, public health campaigns political ads, and most recently, cybersecurity, fear appeals are believed to be effective tools. However, this assumption is often grounded in intuition rather than evidence. We know little about the specific contexts within which fear appeals may or may not work. In this study, we begin to examine various components of a fear appeal within the context of password hygiene. A large-scale randomized controlled experiment was conducted with one control and three treatment groups: (1) fear only; (2) measures needed and the efficacy of such measures, and (3) fear combined with measures needed and the efficacy of such measures. The results suggest that the most effective way to employ a fear appeal within the cybersecurity domain is by ensuring that fear is not used on its own. Instead, it is important that information on the measures needed to address the threat and the efficacy of such measures is used in combination with information about the nature of the threat. Since many individuals that enter the information technology profession become the de facto security person, it is important for information technology education programs to distill in students the inadequacy of fear, on its own, in motivating secure actions.  

 SESSION: Session 4B: Big Ideas in IT Education  
 Domains and Contexts: Tracks in Introductory Project Management Courses   
 Diane Shichtman 
  Andrew Weiss 
  The fundamentals of project management are the same regardless of the industry or organization. However, in some settings, individual elements of project management might be more or less significant, and teaching students about contexts and domains that are familiar or of interest can help engage them.  

 DevOps: The Sky’s the Limit in Higher Education   
 Christina Hupy 

 How To Avoid Peter and His Principle   
 Hollis Greenberg 
  Does the current recommended computing curricula prepare our students to work in the business world? Technology does not exist in a silo. Technical employees work in departments where they manage projects, people, and budgets. Many computing disciplines solely focus on the technological skills, completely ignoring the other skills necessary to be successful and to achieve upward mobility in the business world.  

 Is Hybrid Teaching Good for Your IT Class?   
 Chunming Gao 
  Bryan Goda 
  This presentation aims to discuss using hybrid approach to engage students’ active learning in IT course teachings. We introduce our practices and findings in teaching a core IT course in a hybrid class. We present the promising outcomes and aim to invoke discussions on the benefits and potential challenges in making IT classes hybrid.  

 SESSION: Session 5: Poster Session  
 Inspiring Student Creativity: Collaboration on a Network Design Using IoT Project   
 Sharon Gumina 
  Hengtao Tang 
  A key initiative of the College of Engineering and Computing at USC is fostering creativity in its students and educators [11]. Emergent technologies make it difficult to predict what skills students will need as computer systems become more complex and dynamic. Including classroom activities that encourage creativity and collaboration prepares students for Information Technology (IT) and real-life application of their networking skills. The Final Project for the Introduction to Networking course that is described in this paper was designed to be a creative teaching experience in the classroom. It also contributed to the Introduction to Networking course learning outcomes by preparing students for risk-taking and uncertainty in real-world network applications  

 An Open Educational Resource for an Agile Software Engineering Course   
 Cengiz Günay 
  Anca Doloc-Mihu 
  The field of software technologies has been seeing a steady growth worldwide recently. Engineering job roles might require candidates to know several different programming paradigms, languages, frameworks, and cloud technologies. Each of these technologies constantly evolve to improve or become obsolete, which requires educational materials for teaching them to be constantly updated. Software engineering has classical texts that have been updated over many editions. These are large volumes with numerous chapters that include older and newer techniques, history, and a variety of extra material which makes them expensive textbooks. This also make them contain too much material to cover in undergraduate courses. As published textbooks are always updated slower than the pace of technology that changes project dependencies every three months or so, practical materials may still become outdated between editions. Open educational resources (OERs) provide solutions to these problems by allowing adopters to update and customize materials for a given syllabus. An OER can simply mean a no-cost textbook or a resource that is publicly available for teaching. In this work, we present a preliminary OER for software development or engineering courses for undergraduate information technology (IT) majors.  

 A Framework for the Discipline of Information Technology   
 Hazem Said 
  Michael Zidar 
  Said Varlioglu 
  Cornelius Itodo 
  This paper presents a framework for the academic discipline of information technology. The framework defines four independent elements to the discipline: People, Information Technology, and the Solutions or Needs that connect them. In IT practice, the information technology discipline aim is the selection, creation, integration, application, security and administration of solutions that use technology to empower people through information. In IT research, the discipline aim is the investigation, discovery, and dissemination of needs that connect people, information, and technology. The proposed framework presents a theory for the discipline of information technology to inform its research and practice. It builds on past efforts to define the information technology discipline and provides a foundation for academic institutions and the industry to proactively address the need for talent and innovation to sustain the economic engine of our society.  

 Block-based Programming Enabling Students to Gain and Transfer Knowledge with a No-code Approach   
 Luis Corral 
  Ilenia Fronza 
  Claus Pahl 
  In this article, we describe our experience designing and teaching a curriculum on mobile software development that has benefitted from the no-code philosophy leveraging the power of block-based programming tools. We review a journey of 10 years using block-based programming platforms to lay foundations on software development skills and empower the creative potential of high school students. Our objective is to provide a review of the evolution, capabilities and technical coverage of the block-based software platforms, and to discuss the impact that we have observed on users and developers who have become acquainted on the use of block-based programming tools through our courses  

 A Computer-Vision Based Engagement Evaluation System for More Effective Learning Design   
 Zhigang Li 
  Jiaming Li 
  Meng Han 
  Ming Yang 
  Student engagement during online instruction has been a challenge. Particularly in an asynchronous learning environment, assessing and measuring student engagement is a difficult task. This paper proposes a solution to fill in the gap between the need to evaluate student engagement during online instruction and the lack of an effective method to do so. The proposed web-based learning environment fully incorporates the latest development in facial expression recognition to capture the facial expression changes during the course of instruction. The facial expression data can then be visualized for further analysis to help instructors pinpoint the exact locations where the instruction needs improvements. In addition, the proposed system can also be used in corporate training settings, particularly in scenarios where the learners’ emotional responses are desired.  

 Creating an Immersive and Active Educational Experience for Generation Z: Adapting the Introductory Information Technology Course for Digital Natives   
 Travis Dalton 
  John Gerdes 
  An introductory information technology (IT) course (ITEC 101) was designed to engage IT students and attract non-degree students. Student feedback suggests an update was needed. A survey gauged student sentiment and solicited positive and negative feedback and recommendations for change. Results suggests students prefer active learning and want more emphasis on meaningful content and assignments. We discuss the course redesign. Active learning is emphasized, incorporating a flipped classroom model to engage and build student enthusiasm for information technology.  

 dbLearn*: Open-Source System and a Set of Practices for Conducting Iterative Exercises and Exams in a Databases Course   
 Vangel Ajanovski 
  The author’s approach in teaching databases, focuses on acquiring competences needed to use and develop systems of realistic complexity, typical for a micro or small company. Each student works towards gaining experience with various database designs and implementations querying and development of relational schemas, and building applications. An open-source system is introduced, intended to help teachers organize such courses at a scale and effectively guide the students in an iterative process of acquiring competencies at the level of smaller groups or even individuals. The main goal of the system is speed-up of administrative tasks at all levels. The system implements the core process of organizing exams in a partial and piece-wise manner, and implements sets of tools and practices for semi-automated assessment processes.  

 Preparing Students for Automated IT Workflows   
 Heidi J. C. Ellis 
  Gregory W. Hislop 
  This poster discusses some efforts to develop student skills with current IT workflow tools and processes. These experiences have been introduced within the context of existing courses rather than trying to add an additional course to already crowded curricula.  

 Building an Impersonation Attack and Defense Testbed for Vehicle To Vehicle Systems   
 Mostafa El-Said 
  Xinli Wang 
  Samah Mansour 
  Andrew Kalafut 
  Vehicle-to-Vehicle (V2V) communication takes place among a wide range of wireless nodes such as cars, trucks, buses, motorcycles. However, V2V systems are vulnerable to Global Positioning Systems (GPS) spoofing attacks, where a malicious vehicle may spoof a victim vehicle’s GPS coordinates to impersonate it. Thus, the malicious vehicle can act as a traffic injector imperiling traffic safety. In this work, we use simulation software as a platform to develop a practical testbed to execute an impersonation attack along with an in-vehicle defense technique.  

 The Super-Node Topology in Collaborative Learning   
 Loubna Mekouar 
  Muna Bader 
  Fatna Belqasmi 
  Incorporating new collaborative learning strategies will help increase students’ engagement and improve the learning experience. In this paper, we present a new method of group formation inspired by the super-node topology in peer-to-peer systems. This method proved to enhance students’ engagement, productivity, and cognitive skills in group-based assessments.  

 Designing Technology for Single Fathers using Human-Centered Design Approach   
 Andrew S. Burgdorf 
  Annu Sible Prabhakar 
  In this paper, we present a preliminary inquiry into the designing of support interventions for single fathers. We hope that a potential intervention would help them cope with the daily stressors of parenting. Currently, support solutions specifically designed for single fathers are scarce. This research uses the Human-centered design methodology to engaged single fathers in multiple research activities to gain insight into their support needs to inform potential designs for support interventions.  

 Introducing Programming Concepts through Interactive Online Workshops   
 Valentina Mosquera Reina 
  Ryan Cunico 
  Josiah Williams 
  Matthew Bauer 
  Anca Doloc-Mihu 
  Cindy Robertson 
  Students from the Technology Ambassadors Program (TAP) at Georgia Gwinnett College introduce basic programming concepts to online workshop participants by demonstrating and creating an interactive racing game using the Scratch programming language. The workshop encourages interest in the STEM fields, while teaching basic programming skills to control the game’s logic. Our study results showed that our workshops were successful and engaging.  

 Leveraging Bias Conscious Artificial Intelligence to Increase STEM Graduates Among Underrepresented Populations   
 Josette Riep 
  Annu Prabhakar 
  Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) remains one of the fastest-growing and one of the most segregated professions in the United States. Predominately white and male, opportunities in STEM continue to grow exponentially. Areas such as the Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) for example are expected to become $11 trillion industries by 2025. As employers struggle to find skilled candidates we face the reality that African Americans are too often left behind. African Americans make up less than 5% of the IT workforce and a small percentage of IT graduates. Although there is acknowledgment and some investment by both industry and educational institutions there has been minimal success in changing the demographic landscape. This study focuses on how AI can be used to better understand barriers, personalize student experiences and provide pathways of attainment for an increasingly diverse student body.  

 SESSION: Session 6: Workshop 2  
 Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Workshop   
 Kristina Kaldon 
  Robert Love 
  Robotic Process Automation (RPA) is changing the way we work, by automating mundane and repetitive tasks. RPA leverages software robots to interact with web and desktop applications just like humans do, through the user interface. In this workshop, UiPath will provide an overview of RPA and industry use cases, as well as hands-on exercises and knowledge on how to teach RPA to students.  

 SESSION: Session 7: Keynote Talk 2  
 Getting Everyone the IT Education They Need   
 Mark Guzdial 
  The inventors of the term “computer science” meant for it to be something that was taught to everyone, to facilitate learning other subjects, and to help people understand the risks of technology in their lives. Alan Perlis (with Newell and Simon) published the first definition of “computer science” in Science in 1967 [6]. In 1961, he argued at MIT that everyone at the academia should learn to program, to give them a new way to understand their world [10]. At the same event, C.P. Snow (author of The Two Cultures [11]) argued that we should teach everyone about computing so that they would understand the dangers in our new computerized society [12]. He wrote: “A handful of people having no relation to the will of society, having no communication with the rest of society, will be taking decisions in secret which are going to affect our lives in the deepest sense.”  
 The world today relies on information technology but, we mostly teach IT to people who will become professionals. This leaves us with only a privileged class that understands a critical part of our world. If we want to reach the original and more general goal we will have to change how we teach about computing. With my students and collaborators I have been identifying the barriers to giving everyone an understanding of the computing technology in their world.We have explored how socioeconomic status influences success in computing [9], and how increasing access to high school computing courses has not led to a commensurate increase in the number or diversity fo students taking those courses [7, 8]. We have been studying why students reject computer science [1], and how to invent new forms of computing education that meet the needs of students who have not succeeded in traditional computing courses [2]. In our most recent work we ask questions like “What are fundamental ideas of computing that everyone needs to reason about and use the computational technologies in their world?” and “How can we re-design computation to make it more approachable, accessible, and adoptable?” [3-5]  

 SESSION: Session 8A: Jobs & Careers  
 Are you one of us?: How Employers Prioritize among IT Graduates   
 Per Lauvås 
  Kjetil Raaen 
  Anders Olof Larsson 
  When we are designing IT education and degree programs, knowledge about what graduates need to succeed is important. One source of such knowledge are employers. This paper presents a survey of Norwegian employers asking what they are looking for in a recently graduated IT candidate. We confirm that the so called soft skills are highly prized. Among these, we identify a less reported concept of fitting into company or team culture as the most important. Another somewhat unexpected result is that employers do not expect to see a portfolio from graduates. Among technologies mentioned, Java is at the top followed closely by C# and .NET. Python and JavaScript are also mentioned often. Our study suggests that soft skills should be a focus throughout IT education programs.  

 Retrieving and Classifying LinkedIn Job Titles for Alumni Career Analysis   
 Lei Li 
  Svetlana Peltsverger 
  Jack Zheng 
  Linh Le 
  Michael Handlin 
  It is important for universities to track alumni careers after graduation for both program quality improvement and accreditation requirements. The most common way of collecting such data is through alumni surveys, but historically these surveys had low response rates. LinkedIn, a social network site that targets working professionals provides a great platform for academic programs to connect with alumni and collect their career information. Current approaches for career analysis using LinkedIn data often require a labor-intensive manual process that is not scalable and sustainable. In this paper, we propose a system for the automated retrieval and classification of LinkedIn job titles for alumni career analysis. Our research prototype and experiment results show that the proposed system can effectively crawl LinkedIn profiles and classify job titles based on Standard Occupational Classification (SOC) job categories [1]. Our approach is the first of its kind in career analysis using LinkedIn and can be easily adopted by other universities or programs to develop career analysis systems for their alumni.  

 Transforming Education: Upskilling for a Cloudy Tomorrow   
 Elodie Billionniere 
  Lawrence Meyer 
  Cloud computing deployment and demand has increased year over year during the prior decade and has only accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic. The rapid increase in cloud technology has also increased the need for higher education institutions to train students and re-skill or up-skill working professionals. This paper discusses the application of high impact training methodologies and their impact on student learning.  

 SESSION: Session 8B: Panel 2  
 Meaningful Course Evaluations   
 Heidi J. C. Ellis 
  Gregory W. Hislop 
  Cara Tang 
  Stephen Zilora 
  Evaluating courses and how well they are taught is an essential task for every educational institution. Evaluations support improvement of instruction and course content. They are also often an important input to annual reviews and tenure and promotion decisions. In spite of these important uses, many institutions do not feel that their course evaluations are meeting these needs as well as they would like. And faculty, students and administrators all seem to have some level of complaint and frustration related to evaluations. This panel will focus on course evaluation for computing degree programs. Panelists will identify problems and discuss helpful ideas for making course evaluations more useful.  

 SESSION: Session 9A: Online/Hybrid & COVID  
 Modeling Computing Students’ Perceived Academic Performance in an Online Learning Environment   
 Rex Bringula 
  Ma. Ymelda Batalla 
  Ma. Teresa Borebor 
  This study attempted to develop a model that characterized the perceived academic performance of computing students (subsequently referred to as students) in an online learning environment. It was hypothesized that students’ academic performance in online learning could be modeled through their online learning capabilities, attitudes towards online learning, and online learning academic self-concept. Toward this goal, 264 students answered a validated survey form. Multinomial logistic regression analyses showed that perceived academic performance in terms of perceived grade attainment and perceived learning achievements had different sets of predictors. This finding indicates that perceived academic performance in an online learning environment has two distinct measures with distinct sets of predictors. Additional analyses revealed that the students are further distinguished when the predictors were categorized by levels of academic performance. Implications to online teaching and recommendations are discussed.  

 Misinformation and Disinformation in the Era of COVID-19: The Role of Primary Information Sources and the Development of Attitudes Toward Vaccination   
 Marc Dupuis 
  Kelly Chhor 
  Nhu Ly 
  Misinformation is not new; however, the proliferation of social media has resulted in a much broader reach and instantaneous impact. Results from such proliferation were seen during the 2016 and 2020 elections in the United States. The reach of false information in the context of a U.S. Presidential election would not be the pinnacle of the harm it can cause. In the current context, the spread of false information in the middle of a pandemic and related to causes, cures, and conspiracies, has the potential to do real harm, if it has not already. Now that vaccines are widely available in some countries, this harm may result in lives being lost that did not have to be. In this paper, we explore vaccination status in the context of information sources used by individuals. The results suggest that a lack of trust and engagement in traditional news outlets is associated with lower levels of COVID-19 vaccination initiation or completion. Higher levels of engagement with sources that have been used in the past to propagate conspiracy theories, such as YouTube, are also associated with lower levels of vaccination initiation or completion. Public health implications and the need for greater information literacy are discussed.  

 Dual Teaching: Simultaneous Remote and In-Person Learning During COVID   
 Hunter Williams 
  Malcolm Haynes 
  Joseph Kim 
  Social distancing guidelines put in place to combat COVID-19 resulted in a general education introductory information technology course being taught in a dual teaching environment. Each lesson, some students attended in-person while simultaneously others attended remotely. Students alternated each lesson between in-person and remote attendance. We examined whether there was any difference in performance between in-person and remote attendance using an end-of-lesson quiz. For some students the quiz was announced and for others it was unannounced. Additionally, we measured the subjective experience of students via a survey. We found that students attending class in-person performed better on end of class quizzes; the difference was small but statistically significant. In-person students also reported paying more attention, being more engaged, and understanding the lesson material better than remote students. Announcing the quiz did not statistically affect performance, although it did improve the subjective experience of in-person students. Finally, when it comes to dual teaching, both students and instructors prefer in-person or remote teaching. Nevertheless, dual teaching may be an effective approach; there was little difference in final course grades between in-person teaching and dual teaching.  

 SESSION: Session 9B: Programming  
 Enabling Peer-Led Coding Camps by Creating a Seed Effect in Young Students   
 Ilenia Fronza 
  Luis Corral 
  Gennaro Iaccarino 
  Claus Pahl 
  During peer-led intensive events (such as hackathons and coding camps), students actively assist others to learn and, in turn, benefit from an effective learning environment. In this paper, we present the results of an observational study, having as a working setting a coding camp based on Computational Thinking (CT), to explore how peer-led coding camps can create a seed effect in young students. In particular, we analyze how a practical approach to convey CT skills motivates and effectively prepares student tutors. Moreover, we compare the previous and next edition of the camp to identify the specific contribution of the tutors. We observed that students benefit in particular from CT perspectives and develop the necessary motivation to eventually serve as tutors creating a multiplier effect that benefits a larger number of students of future cohorts. Moreover, our results show that student tutors contributed positively to the facilitation of the subsequent edition of the coding camp.  

 Assessing the Effectiveness of Teaching Programming Concepts through Online Interactive Outreach Workshops   
 Cindy Robertson 
  Anca Doloc-Mihu 
  In this study, we present our findings with regard to the effectiveness of teaching computing concepts online via interactive outreach projects. These outreach activities were facilitated through our service-based learning course, the Technology Ambassador Program (TAP). The goal is to determine how effective these online outreach activities are and how we can improve upon them. The results of this study show that online outreach activities can be effective using already known teaching strategies such as repetition and hands-on activities. Surprisingly, we also found that these strategies work whether the participants are STEM or non-STEM students. Another important finding was the limitation of self-reported knowledge of understanding compared to the objectively assessed ability to implement the knowledge.  

 Undergraduate Research Experience with Software Development using a Large Existing Code Base in a Teaching-oriented College   
 Wei Jin 
  David Marshall 
  Puen Xie 
  Jiawei Li 
  Matthew Stiller 
  Taisann Kham 
  Dakota Norris 
  Ikechukwu Okolocha 
  Undergraduate research has been shown to enrich education, increase retention and promote critical thinking. Research projects involving extending an already mature and relatively large code base have special value for students, as they mimic industry experience. Students have to understand the existing code structure and figure out where to add their code to extend the functionality of the system. There are obvious challenges for undergraduate students to take on such projects, including lack of knowledge at the onset of the project, limited time span (normally a semester), and limited time availability during a semester. Undergraduate institutions have additional challenges, such as high teaching load for faculty advisors and lack of graduate students who could act as mentors. In this paper, we report our experience with a relatively large project that lasted for several semesters and involved several teams of students. We managed the challenges by being flexible and carving out many mini-projects from this umbrella project, which required that the faculty advisor work closely with students. The project has successfully produced a teaching/learning tool for auto-gradable full tracing exercises. The tool has been prototyped in classrooms and helped students learn various programming constructs. We hope that our experience could encourage larger scale projects in undergraduate institutions.  

 SESSION: Session 10A: Teaching Techniques & Ideas  
 Applying Aviation Training Techniques in the IT Classroom   
 Stephen J. Zilora 
  Aviation training is a rigorous process requiring the student pilot to learn the theoretical underpinnings of multiple subjects, risk management and decision making under stress and, of course, the skills necessary to fly a plane. The educational process is rooted in learning theory, but it utilizes several approaches more fully than in typical academic classrooms resulting in a significantly greater level of engagement. This paper documents the results of a pilot study to apply three of these approaches in an information technology programming course-the Master/Apprentice approach, a focus on task mastery vs. time on task, and shared responsibility for achieving goals. While these three approaches were implemented to a limited degree during the pilot, the successful results suggest a more complete implementation of these approaches which is also outlined in this paper.  

 Investigating the Role of Different Prep Pathways on CS2 Performance Across Three Different Majors   
 Farzana Rahman 
  Jaya Tyagi 
  Research have shown that introductory programming sequence have a significant impact in the retention of students in computing and engineering majors. There has been extensive research about the CS1 course [1]. Much less has been written about the CS1.5 and CS2 course, which are often gateway courses for computing and engineering majors. CS2 classes often reflect a second semester course in programming, yet when studying this course many universities have different purposes for this course. Currently there is a wide range of variation in CS courses. Some of these are used to expose students to a wider range of languages; in other cases, a new language is used to introduce concepts such as object-oriented programming, instead of the language used in CS1. However, even though CS2 is one of the fundamental courses in computing or CS major curriculum, the impacts of the different prep pathways leading to CS2 course is not well studied [2, 3]. Due to the critical nature of the CS2 course and its importance in CS major curriculum, in many institutions, CS2 or data structure course is recognized as an attrition point for CS Majors [4]. Understanding the impacts of the different prep pathways in CS2 course performance and the CS2 curriculum itself could give insights into the attrition behaviors. This paper presents a study which is conducted to understand the impact how student performance in CS2 course gets impacted by different programming languages used in CS1.5 course.  

 Tadawl: An Educational Platform for Gamifying Startup Investment   
 Hend S. Al-Khalifa 
  Rawan Al-Matham 
  Gamification, or the use of game mechanics in non-game applications, allows students to learn by doing. In this paper we present our experience in implementing a gamification platform in our entrepreneurship course to encourage students on investing in their peers’ projects and provide them with feedback. The platform involved the interaction of 106 undergraduate female students during a semester long entrepreneurship course. We also report the results obtained after using the platform in terms of students’ feedback and final remarks.  

 SESSION: Session 10B: Panel 3  
 We Did It! So Can You! Creating “No-Textbook” IT Degrees   
 Rebecca Rutherfoord 
  Lei Li 
  Hossain Shahriar 
  James Rutherfoord 
  One of the largest expenses for university students is the cost of textbooks. This is particularly true in the STEM areas. Data shows that course textbooks cost more and more every year. Textbook costs have risen 812% since 1978 and 73% since 2006 – which is four times the rate of inflation. The College Board recommends that students budget at least $1200 per year for textbook costs. Over 1/3 of students use their financial aid for textbook costs. The average computer science/IT textbook costs $180. In order to help alleviate some of these textbook costs, the State of Georgia has been offering to faculty Affordable Learning Grants across all majors. Several faculty in the Information Technology Department of Kennesaw State University were awarded an ALG grant during the Summer-Fall 2018 for redevelopment of four undergraduate IT courses using no textbook. In the past three years several IT faculty members have been awarded these ALG grants for redevelopment of information security courses, database courses, and an ethics course. The results of the redevelopment of the database courses and information security courses have been very positive for the students. The panel will discuss the current re-development of IT courses, and report on the positive results of prior re-development of no-textbook courses.  

 SESSION: Session 6: Workshop 3  
 Design Thinking For Technology Design   
 Annu Sible Prabhakar 
  This paper describes the workshop titled “Design Thinking For Technology Design.” Design thinking is a collaborative design process that keeps the user’s needs at the center. This workshop will introduce design thinking methodology to the participants through hands-on activities. The workshop participants will work on a problem and design a low fidelity prototype of a potential solution. This workshop is open to everyone.  

 Recent Posts   

 March 4, 2024   
 SIGITE 2024 – 25nd Annual Conference on IT Education – Call for Papers    

 March 28, 2023   
 SIGITE 2023 – 24nd Annual Conference on IT Education: Call For Papers    

 Categories   
 Communication 
  Conferences 
  Curriculum 
  News 
  Organization 
  Research 
  Uncategorized 

 Archives   
 March 2024 
  March 2023 
  September 2022 
  May 2022 
  April 2021 
  March 2021 
  June 2020 
  December 2019 
  March 2019 
  January 2019 
  May 2018 
  April 2018 
  May 2017 
  March 2017 
  May 2016 
  February 2016 
  May 2015 
  February 2015 
  January 2015 
  August 2014 
  January 2014 
  September 2013 
  April 2013 
  November 2012 
  October 2012 
  July 2012 
  March 2012 
  August 2011 
  May 2011 
  April 2011 
  March 2011 
  February 2011 

 About SIGITE   
 SIGITE is the Association for Computing Machinery’s Special Interest Group on Information Technology Education.  Our members include information technology faculty (teachers and researchers), students, and industry professionals.  
 With over 400 members worldwide, SIGITE drives the creation and dissemination of the computing discipline of information technology. The organization has created a model undergraduate curriculum and helped create accreditation guidelines for IT programs, and is now defining and promoting IT research.  

 © Copyright 2012 - SIGITE - Webmaster: M. C. Neto - Web Site Created by Randy Connolly

6. Conference PEPM_0:
POPL 2025   Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2025 Denver, Colorado, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Curtis Hotel Denver 
  Supporting POPL 
  Registration 
  Requesting a Visa 
  Code of Conduct 
  Tracks | POPL 2025 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  POPL 
  Student Research Competition 
  Student Volunteers 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops and Co-located Events 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  CPP 
  VMCAI 
  Workshops 
  CoqPL 
  Dafny 
  LAFI 
  PEPM 
  PLMW @ POPL 
  PLanQC 
  PriSC 
  TPSA 
  WAW 
  WITS 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  PADL 
  Organization | POPL 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  AV Committee 
  Student Volunteers 
  Track Committees 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  POPL 
  Student Research Competition 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  CPP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  VMCAI | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Workshops 
  CoqPL | Program Committee 
  Dafny | Program Committee Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee Chairs 
  LAFI | Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  PEPM | Chairs 
  Programme Committee 
  PLMW @ POPL | Organizing Committee 
  Speakers 
  Panelists 
  PLanQC | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PriSC | Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  TPSA | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  WAW | Organizers 
  Program Committee 
  WITS | Program Committee 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  PADL | Programme Chairs 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   POPL 2025 
  POPL 2024 
  POPL 2023 
  POPL 2022 
  POPL 2021 
  POPL 2020 
  POPL 2019 
  POPL 2018 
  POPL 2017 
  POPL 2016 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  POPL 2025  ( series  ) /  PEPM 2025 ( series  ) /  The 2025 ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation PEPM 2025   
   
 About 
  Invited Speakers 
  Call for Papers 
  The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM) has a history going back to 1991 and has been held in conjunction with POPL every year since 2006. The origin of PEPM is in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over time, PEPM has broadened its scope to include a variety of research areas centered around semantics-based program manipulation — the systematic exploitation of treating programs not only as subject to black-box execution, but also as data structures that can be generated, analyzed, and transformed while establishing or maintaining important semantic properties.  
 Scope   
 In addition to the traditional PEPM topics (see below), PEPM 2025 welcomes submissions in new domains, in particular:  
 Semantics based and machine-learning based program synthesis and program optimization. 
  Modeling, analysis, and transformation techniques for distributed and concurrent protocols and programs, such as session types, linear types, and contract specifications. 
  More generally, topics of interest for PEPM 2024 include, but are not limited to:  
 Program and model manipulation techniques such as: supercompilation, partial evaluation, fusion, on-the-fly program adaptation, active libraries, program inversion, slicing, symbolic execution, refactoring, decompilation, and obfuscation. 
  Techniques that treat programs/models as data objects including metaprogramming, generative programming, embedded domain-specific languages, program synthesis by sketching and inductive programming, staged computation, and model-driven program generation and transformation. 
  Program analysis techniques that are used to drive program/model manipulation such as: abstract interpretation, termination checking, binding-time analysis, constraint solving, type systems, automated testing and test case generation. 
  Application of the above techniques including case studies of program manipulation in real-world (industrial, open-source) projects and software development processes, descriptions of robust tools capable of effectively handling realistic applications, benchmarking. Examples of application domains include legacy program understanding and transformation, DSL implementations, visual languages and end-user programming, scientific computing, middleware frameworks and infrastructure needed for distributed and web-based applications, embedded and resource-limited computation, and security. 
  This list of categories is not exhaustive, and we encourage submissions describing new theories and applications related to semantics-based program manipulation in general. If you have a question as to whether a potential submission is within the scope of the workshop, please contact the program co-chairs, Guillaume Allais ( guillaume.allais@strath.ac.uk  ) and Annie Liu ( liu@cs.stonybrook.edu  ).  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 Supporters   

 Call for Papers  
  
 Three kinds of submissions will be accepted:  
 Regular Research Papers  should describe new results, and will be judged on originality, correctness, significance, and clarity. Regular research papers must not exceed 12 pages. 
  Short Papers  may include tool demonstrations and presentations of exciting if not fully polished research, and of interesting academic, industrial, and open-source applications that are new or unfamiliar. Short papers must not exceed 6 pages. 
  Talk Proposals  may propose lectures about topics of interest for PEPM, existing work representing relevant contributions, or promising contributions that are not mature enough to be proposed as papers of the other categories. Talk Proposals must not exceed 2 pages. 
  References and appendices are not included in page limits. Appendices may not necessarily be read by reviewers. Both kinds of submissions should be typeset using the two-column ‘sigplan’ sub-format of the new ‘acmart’ format available at:  
 http://sigplan.org/Resources/Author/   
 and submitted electronically via HotCRP: https://pepm25.hotcrp.com   
 Reviewing will be single-blind.  
 Submissions are welcome from PC members (except the two co-chairs).  
 Accepted regular research papers will appear in formal proceedings published by ACM, and be included in the ACM Digital Library. Accepted short papers do not constitute formal publications and will not appear in the proceedings.  
 At least one author of each accepted contribution must attend the workshop (physically or virtually) to present the work. In the case of tool demonstration papers, a live demonstration of the described tool is expected.  

 Invited Speakers  

 William Bowman  – University of British Columbia   
   
 Brigitte Pientka  – McGill University   
   
 Satnam Singh  – Groq   

 Abstracts   

 The Ethical Compiler: Addressing the Is-Ought Gap in Compilation    
   William Bowman    
 The is-ought gap is a problem in moral philosophy observing that ethical judgments (“ought”) cannot be grounded purely in truth judgments (“is”): that an ought  cannot be derived from an is  . This gap renders the following argument invalid: “It is  true that type safe languages prevent bugs and that bugs cause harm, therefore you ought  to write in type safe languages.”. To validate ethical claims, we must bridge the gap between is and ought with some ethical axiom, such as “I believe one ought  not cause harm.”.  
 But what do ethics have to do with manipulating programs? A lot! Ethics are central to correctness! For example, suppose an algorithm infers the type of e  is Bool  , and e  is in fact a Bool  ; the program type checks. Is the program correct—does it behave as it ought  ? We cannot answer this without some ethical axioms: what does the programmer believe ought  to be?  
 I believe one ought to design and implement languages ethically. We must give the programmer the ability to express their ethics—their values and beliefs about a program—in addition to its mere computational content, and build tools that respect the distinction between is and ought. This talk is a guide to ethical language design and implementation possibilities.  
 Bio    
 William J. Bowman is an Assistant Professor of computer science in the Software Practices Lab at University of British Columbia. Broadly speaking, he is interested in making it easier for programmers to communicate their intent to machines, and preserving that intent through compilation. More specifically, their research interests include secure and verified compilation, dependently typed programming, verification, meta-programming, and interoperability. His recent work examines type-preserving compilation of dependently typed programming languages like Coq, a technique that can enable preserving security and correctness invariants of verified software through compilation and statically enforcing those invariants in the low-level (assembly-like) code generated by compilers.  

 Cocon: A Type-Theoretic Framework for Meta-Programming    
   Brigitte Pientka    
 Meta-programming is the art of writing programs that produce or manipulate other programs. This allows programmers to automate error-prone or repetitive tasks, and exploit domain- specific knowledge to customize the generated code. Hence, meta-programming is widely used in a range of technologies: from cryptographic message authentication in secure network protocols to support reflection in proof environments such as Lean.  
 Unfortunately, writing safe meta-programs remains very challenging and sometimes frustrating, as traditionally errors in the generated code are only detected when running it, but not at the time when code is generated. To make it easier to write and maintain meta-programs, tools that allow us to detect errors during code generation - instead of when running the generated code - are essential.  
 This talk revisits Cocon, a framework for certified meta-programming. Cocon is a Martin-Löf dependent type theory for defining logics and proofs that allows us to represent domain-specific languages (DSL) within the logical framework LF and in addition write recursive programs and proofs about those DSLs using pattern matching. It is a two-level type theory where Martin-Löf type theory sits on top of the logical framework LF and supports a recursor over (contextual) LF objects. As a consequence, we can embed into LF STLC or System F, etc. and then write programs about those encodings using Cocon itself.  
 This means Cocon can serve as a target for compiling meta-programming systems -from compiling meta-programming with STLC to System F. Moreover, Cocon supports writing an evaluator for each of these sub-languages. This also allows us to reflect back our encoded sub-language and evaluate their encodings using Cocon’s evaluation strategy.  
 I will conclude with highlighting more recent research directions and challenges that build on the core ideas of Cocon and aim to support meta-programming and intensional code analysis directly in System F and Martin-Löf type theory.  
 Bio    
 Brigitte Pientka a Full Professor in the School of Computer Science at McGill University. Her main research interests lie in developing theoretical foundations of programming languages. A central question of her work is: How can we design programming languages that ensure that programs are safe and have fewer bugs? In 2018, her work on the Beluga programming language has received the Test of Time Award from International Symposium on Principles and Practice of Declarative Programming (PPDP).  
 Brigitte Pientka is a leader within the programming languages research community, and serves for example on the SIGPLAN executive committee. In particular, she is passionate about working towards overcoming systemic barriers for underrepresented groups. In 2018, she co-founded the Women in Logic workshop which provides valuable networking opportunity to female researchers and as the general chair for POPL in 2020 she introduced Mentoring Breakfasts which now are a fixture at SIGPLAN events.  

 The Missing Diagonal: High Level Languages for Low Level Systems    
   Satnam Singh    
 The computing community has produced many high level languages and tools for programming high level systems (e.g. Java for user interfaces) and it has produced many low level languages and tools for programming low level systems (C for operating systems, Verilog for hardware design) yet there are not many examples of high level systems that have been produced to help develop low level systems. Sometimes this is due to a suspicion that the layers of abstraction that high level systems use incur unacceptable performance overheads. However, this talk attempts to challenge that view, giving examples of high level systems that improve the designer productivity for developing low level systems which also improve the quality of verification for low level systems.  
 The talk will draw examples from the presenter’s own experience, as well as the work of others. Specific examples will include Lava and Bluespec for the design of hardware, the Silver Oak project for the co-design of a high assurance silicon root of trust, a Haskell-based DSL for programming machine learning chips, and recent work on the specification and verification of parts of a new silicon chip produced at Groq which makes use of the same Haskell DSL.  
 Bio    
 Satnam Singh is a Fellow at Groq where he applies the power of functional programming languages to the design of machine learning chips and their programming models. Satnam Singh previously worked at Google (machine learning chips, cluster management), Facebook (Android optimization), Microsoft (parallel and concurrent programming) and Xilinx (Lava DSL for hardware design). He started his career as an academic at the University of Glasgow (FPGA-based application acceleration and functional programming).  

 Questions? Use the PEPM contact form  .    
    
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Wed 4 Dec 2024   
  Camera ready version 
 Tue 21 Jan 2025   
  Workshop 
 Mon 18 Nov 2024  
  Author notification 
 Fri 18 Oct 2024   
  Submission deadline 
 Mon 14 Oct 2024  
  Abstract deadline 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://pepm25.hotcrp.com     
   
 Chairs    
   
 Guillaume Allais    
 University of Strathclyde   
 United Kingdom 
  Y. Annie Liu    
 Stony Brook University   
 United States 
    
 Programme Committee    
   
 Nada Amin    
 Harvard University   
 United States 
  Zena M. Ariola    
 University of Oregon   
 United States 
  Liang-Ting Chen    
 Academia Sinica   
 Taiwan 
  Youyou Cong    
 Institute of Science Tokyo   
 Japan 
  Fritz Henglein    
 Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen (DIKU) and Deon Digital   
 Denmark 
  Manuel Hermenegildo    
 Technical University of Madrid (UPM) and IMDEA Software Institute   
 Spain 
  Zhenjiang Hu    
 Peking University   
 China 
  Chantal Keller    
 Université Paris Saclay   
 France 
  András Kovács    
 University of Gothenburg and Chalmers University of Technology 
  Sam Lindley    
 The University of Edinburgh   
 United Kingdom 
  Torben Mogensen    
 DIKU, University of Copenhagen   
 Denmark 
  Jens Palsberg    
 University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA)   
 United States 
  Martin Rinard    
 MIT 
  Tiark Rompf    
 Purdue University   
 United States 
  João Saraiva 
  Jeremy Yallop    
 University of Cambridge   
 United Kingdom 
  Mark van den Brand    
 Eindhoven University of Technology   
 Netherlands 

 x  Tue 3 Dec 12:33    

  POPL 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Artifact Evaluation   
  POPL   
  Student Research Competition   
  Student Volunteers   
  Tutorials   
  Workshops and Co-located Events    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 CPP 2025   
  VMCAI 2025   
  Workshops  
 CoqPL 2025   
  Dafny 2025   
  LAFI 2025   
  PEPM 2025   
  PLMW @ POPL 2025   
  PLanQC 2025   
  PriSC 2025   
  TPSA 2025   
  WAW 2025   
  WITS 2025   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 PADL 2025    

 Attending  
 Venue: Curtis Hotel Denver   
  Supporting POPL   
  Registration   
  Requesting a Visa   
  Code of Conduct    
 Sign Up

7. Conference SOSP_1:
SOSP 2024   
    
 Home 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Instructions for Authors 
  Student Research Competition 
  Volunteering 
  Mentoring 
  Women in Systems Meetup 
  Attend | Registration 
  Student Scholarships 
  Hotel 
  Visa Information 
  Childcare 
  Voting (U.S. election) 
  Program | Conference Schedule 
  Accepted Papers 
  Workshops | Workshops and Tutorials 
  Call for Workshops 
  Organizers 
  Sponsors 
  Contact 

  SOSP 2024   
  The 30 th  Symposium on Operating Systems Principles  
 November 4–6, 2024 · Hilton Austin  , Texas, USA  
 Early registration  (and hotel) deadline on October 4!   

 The first ever even-year SOSP!  
 The annual  ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles is the world's premier forum for researchers, developers, programmers, and teachers of computer systems technology. Academic and industrial participants present research and experience papers that cover the full range of theory and practice of computer systems software.  
   
 Where  
 Hilton Austin  , Austin, TX, USA  
   
 When  
 Monday to Wednesday  
  November 4–6, 2024  

 Awards  
   
 Congratulations to the winners of the following SOSP 2024 awards:  
 Best Paper Award: | OZZ: Identifying Kernel Out-of-Order Concurrency Bugs with In-Vivo Memory Access Reordering 
  Best Paper Award: | LazyLog: A New Shared Log Abstraction for Low-Latency Applications 
  Best Paper Award: | FBDetect: Catching Tiny Performance Regressions at Hyperscale through In-Production Monitoring 
  Distinguished Artifact Award: | Verus: A Practical Foundation for Systems Verification 
  Distinguished Artifact Award Honorable Mention: | Cookie Monster: Efficient On-Device Budgeting for Differentially-Private Ad-Measurement Systems 
  Distinguished Artifact Award Honorable Mention: | SWARM: Replicating Shared Disaggregated-Memory Data in No Time 

 Registration  
   
 Please make sure to register  for SOSP 2024 by the early registration deadline of October 4, 2024  . Hotel rooms are first-come, first-served and may no longer be available after this deadline.  
  
 Registration Type | Fee (early) | Fee (late) 
 Conference + Workshops | ACM Professional Member | $1,400.00 | $1,600.00 
 ACM Non-Member | $1,500.00 | $1,700.00 
 ACM Student Member | $1,000.00 | $1,200.00 
 Student Non-Member | $1,100.00 | $1,300.00 
 Conference only | ACM Professional Member | $1,050.00 | $1,150.00 
 ACM Non-Member | $1,100.00 | $1,200.00 
 ACM Student Member | $750.00 | $850.00 
 Student Non-Member | $800.00 | $900.00 
 Workshop only | ACM Professional Member | $350.00 | $450.00 
 ACM Non-Member | $400.00 | $500.00 
 ACM Student Member | $250.00 | $350.00 
 Student Non-Member | $300.00 | $400.00 
  
 You can book hotel rooms at the conference hotel at the special SOSP rate of $289/night as part of the registration process, or here  .  
 Click here to register for the conference.     

 Event Venue  
 SOSP goes 🤠  

 Austin, Texas  
 Austin is the capital city of the U.S. state of Texas, the 10th most populous city in the United States, and known as the "The Live Music Capital of the World", a reference to the city's many musicians and live music venues. The city also adopted "Silicon Hills" as a nickname due to a rapid influx of technology and development companies, and has the unofficial slogan "Keep Austin Weird", which refers to the desire to protect small, unique, and local businesses from being overrun by large corporations. Since the late 19th century, Austin has also been known as the "City of the Violet Crown", because of the colorful glow of light across the hills just after sunset.  

 Sponsors  
   
 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsors  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 Supporters  

  In cooperation with  
     
 Additional Information  
 Prior SOSPs 
    
 Contact Us  
 Any organizational questions about the conference can be emailed to sosp24chairs@cs.utexas.edu  . The program committee chairs can be reached at sosp24-pc-chairs@cs.wisc.edu  .  

 Design by BootstrapMade

8. Conference PODS_3:
Menu      Home 
  About | About SIGMOD 
  Awards | Best Demonstration 
  Best Paper 
  Contributions 
  Dissertation 
  Distinguished AEs & PCs 
  Innovations 
  Reproducibility 
  Research Highlights 
  Special Service 
  Student Res. Comp. 
  Systems 
  Test of Time 
  Undergraduate 
  Chapters 
  Conferences 
  Policies 
  Membership | Membership 
  Students 
  PODS | About 
  PODS Hall of Fame 
  Organization 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Test-of-Time Award 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Tutorials 
  Gems of PODS 
  30th Anniversary 
  Corrigenda 
  OpenTOC 
  Publications | All Publications 
  Anthology 
  DiSC 
  Distinguished Profiles 
  Publications 
  SIGMOD Record 
  SIGMOD/PODS Video Series 
  History | History 
  Logo History 
  Mission 
  SIGMOD Conference Program Chairs 
  SIGMOD Online 

 close  ×         

 Home 
  PODS 

 PODS  

  PODS, the Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, is the premier international conference on the theoretical aspects of database systems. PODS started in 1982. It is sponsored by the ACM Special Interest Group on Management of Data (SIGMOD). Since 1991, PODS has been held jointly with the SIGMOD conference, combining the full spectrum of database research, from the most abstract and fundamental to the most pragmatic. A single registration gives attendees access to both PODS and SIGMOD sessions and copies of both proceedings.  
 PODS papers are distinguished by a rigorous approach to widely diverse problems in databases, often bringing to bear techniques from such fields as computational logic, finite model theory, complexity theory, algorithm and data structure design and analysis, and many others. In addition to approximately 25 research papers selected from a large number of submissions, the conference includes invited tutorials and keynote talks.  
 General Info  
 SIGMOD/PODS 2025 | ( | PODS Call for Papers | ) 
  Who are we? | The PODS Hall of Fame. 
  PODS Organization | Here you find the history of PODS organization and all the Program Committees. 
  ACM PODS Alberto O. Mendelzon Test-of-Time Award | Since 2008, PODS gives an award to a paper or a small number of papers published in the PODS proceedings ten years prior that had the most impact over the intervening decade. More information here. 
  PODS Best Paper Awards | Since 1997, two awards are given annually to the best papers published in PODS. More information here. 
  PODS Keynote Speakers | Here you find the list of PODS keynote speakers since 1992. 
  PODS Tutorials | Here you find the list of PODS tutorials since 1993. 
  Gems of PODS | Here you find the list of Gems of PODS since 2016. 
  PODS 30th Anniversary | The 30th PODS was in 2011. We took the opportunity to analyze lots of data for this occasion. 
  PODS Corrigenda | Corrigenda to former PODS papers can be submitted to be published in the proceedings. Here you find the rules for these submissions. 
  Technical Section | Links to database theory columns in SIGMOD Record and SIGACT news, and to web pages of other database conferences. 
  OpenTOC for PODS Proceedings 
  The PODS Pages are maintained by Stavros Sintos  .  

 ABOUT THE SITE  
 This site is maintained by volunteers for ACM SIGMOD. We thank you for visiting! If you have questions about the site, please send a note to our content manager.   

 Join SIGMOD  
 The SIGMOD Online Membership Application  can be found here.   

 About SIGMOD  
 The ACM Special Interest Group on Management of Data is concerned with the principles, techniques and applications of database management systems and data management technology. Our members include software developers, academic and industrial researchers, practitioners, users, and students. SIGMOD sponsors the annual SIGMOD/PODS conference, one of the most important and selective in the field.

9. Conference LCTES_0:
PLDI 2024   Mon 24 - Fri 28 June 2024 Copenhagen, Denmark    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Radisson Blu Scandinavia, Copenhagen 
  Sponsorship 
  Registration 
  Visa 
  Live Streams 
  Presenter Instructions 
  Program | PLDI Program 
  Your Program 
   Mon 24 Jun 
  Tue 25 Jun 
  Wed 26 Jun 
  Thu 27 Jun 
  Fri 28 Jun 
  Tracks | PLDI 2024 
  PLDI Events 
  Research Artifacts 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  SRC 
  Tutorials 
  - Algorithms and Applications for Provable Repair of Deep Neural Networks 
  - Concurrent Algorithms in Kotlin Coroutines 
  - Democratizing DSL development with the BuildIt Framework 
  - Quick and dirty development of static analyses with LiSA 
  - Static Code Analysis with SootUp 
  Volunteering 
  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ISMM 
  LCTES 
  Workshops 
  ARRAY 
  CP  Choreographic Programming 
  EGRAPHS 
  Infer 
  PLMW@PLDI 
  PODELSKI  PLDI Workshop Honoring Andreas Podelski 
  RTFM  : Red-Hot Topics in Faculty Mentoring 
  SOAP 
  Sparse 
  WQS 
  Organization | PLDI 2024 Committees 
  AV Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Research Artifacts 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  SRC 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ISMM | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  LCTES | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Workshops 
  ARRAY | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  CP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EGRAPHS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Infer | Organizing Committee 
  PLMW@PLDI | Organizing Committee 
  PODELSKI | Program Committee 
  RTFM | Organizing Committee 
  Speakers and Panelists 
  SOAP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Sparse | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  WQS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   PLDI 2025 
  PLDI 2024 
  PLDI 2023 
  PLDI 2022 
  PLDI 2021 
  PLDI 2020 
  PLDI 2019 
  PLDI 2018 
  PLDI 2017 
  PLDI 2016 
  PLDI 2015 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  PLDI 2024  ( series  ) /  LCTES 2024 ( series  ) /  Languages, Compilers, Tools and Theory of Embedded Systems LCTES 2024   
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Speaker's Guide 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  Welcome to the 25th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on Languages, Compilers, and Tools for Embedded Systems (LCTES 2024)!  
 LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and developers from either area to relevant work and interesting problems in the other area and provide a forum where they can interact.  
 LCTES’24 is co-located with PLDI  and FCRC 2024  , sharing the venue and activities with ten top computer science conferences.  
 Conference Registration  : https://pldi24.sigplan.org/attending/registration   
 Conference Date  : Monday 24 June 2024  
 Conference Location  : Room Iceland (capacity: 275), Radisson Blu Scandinavia, Copenhagen  
 Best Paper Award  
   TinySeg: Model Optimizing Framework for Image Segmentation on Tiny Embedded Systems  
 Byungchul Chae, Jiae Kim, Seonyeong Heo   

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT+02:00) Windhoek    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-06:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-04:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+09:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+10:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+10:30) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+11:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+12:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+12:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Mon 24 Jun   
  
 Displayed time zone: Windhoek  change      

 09:00 - 10:10 | LCTES Welcome and Keynote LCTES   at Iceland   
  Chair(s): Yulei Sui  UNSW Sydney  , Aviral Shrivastava  Arizona State University 
 09:00   
 20m    
 Day opening | Welcome and Opening   LCTES 
 09:20   
 50m    
 Keynote | Three Colours of Fuzzing: Reflections and Open Challenges   LCTES   
 Cristian Cadar  Imperial College London 

 10:40 - 12:20 | Optimization LCTES   at Iceland   
  Chair(s): Aviral Shrivastava  Arizona State University 
 10:40   
 15m    
 Talk | Accelerating Shared Library Execution in a DBT   LCTES   
 Tom Spink  University of St Andrews  , Björn Franke  University of Edinburgh 
 10:55   
 15m    
 Talk | Efficient Implementation of Neural Networks Usual Layers on Fixed-Point Architectures   LCTES   
 Dorra Ben Khalifa  University of Toulouse - ENAC  , Matthieu Martel  Université de Perpignan Via Domitia 
 11:10   
 15m    
 Talk | TinySeg: Model Optimizing Framework for Image Segmentation on Tiny Embedded Systems   LCTES   
 Byungchul Chae  Kyung Hee University  , Jiae Kim  Kyung Hee University  , Seonyeong Heo  Kyung Hee University 
 11:25   
 10m    
 Break | Break - 10 minutes   LCTES 
 11:35   
 15m    
 Talk | MixPert: Optimizing Mixed-Precision Floating-Point Emulation on GPU Integer Tensor Cores   LCTES   
 Zejia Lin  Sun Yat-sen University  , Aoyuan Sun  Sun Yat-sen University  , Xianwei Zhang  Sun Yat-sen University  , Yutong Lu  Sun Yat-sen University 
 11:50   
 15m    
 Talk | Optimistic and Scalable Global Function Merging   LCTES   
 Kyungwoo Lee  Meta  , Manman Ren  Meta  , Ellis Hoag  Meta 
 12:05   
 15m    
 Talk | (Invited paper) Language-Based Deployment Optimization for Random Forest   LCTES   
 Jannik Malcher  TU Dortmund University  , Daniel Biebert  TU Dortmund University  , Kuan-Hsun Chen  University of Twente  , Sebastian Buschjäger  TU Dortmund University  , Christian Hakert  TU Dortmund University  , Jian-Jia Chen  TU Dortmund University 

 13:40 - 15:20 | Embedded Systems LCTES   at Iceland   
  Chair(s): Jian-Jia Chen  TU Dortmund University 
 13:40   
 15m    
 Talk | SmartVisor: User-Friendly Hypervisor for Mobile Robots Remote      LCTES   
 Guanyu Chen  Zhejiang University  , Pan Lv  Zhejiang University  , Hong Li  Zhejiang University  , Guoqing Yang  Zhejiang University 
 13:55   
 15m    
 Talk | Orchestrating Multiple Mixed Precision Models on a Shared Precision-Scalable NPU   LCTES   
 Kiung Jung  Yonsei University  , Seok Namkoong  Yonsei University  , Hongjun Um  Hanyang University  , Hyejun Kim  Yonsei University  , Youngsok Kim  Yonsei University  , Yongjun Park  Yonsei University 
 14:10   
 15m    
 Talk | WoCA: Avoiding Intermittent Execution in Embedded Systems by Worst-Case Analyses with Device States   LCTES   
 Phillip Raffeck  Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU)  , Johannes Maier  Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU)  , Peter Wägemann  Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU) 
 14:25   
 10m    
 Break | Break - 10 minutes   LCTES 
 14:35   
 15m    
 Talk | Unmasking the Lurking: Malicious Behavior Detection for IoT Malware with Multi-label Classification   LCTES   
 Ruitao Feng  SMU  , Sen Li  Tianjin University  , Sen Chen  Tianjin University  , Mengmeng Ge  Nanyang Technological University  , Xuewei Li  Tianjin University  , Xiaohong Li  Tianjin University 
 14:50   
 15m    
 Talk | TWFuzz: Fuzzing Embedded Systems with Three Wires Remote      LCTES   
 Zhongwen Feng  Chang' an University  , Junyan Ma  Chang'an University 
 15:05   
 15m    
 Talk | OpenMP-RT: Native Pragma Support for Real-Time Tasks and Synchronization with LLVM under Linux   LCTES   
 Brayden McDonald  North Carolina State University  , Frank Mueller  North Carolina State University, USA 

 16:00 - 17:40 | Analysis and Testing LCTES   at Iceland   
  Chair(s): Jason Xue  MBZUAI 
 16:00   
 15m    
 Talk | EVMBT: A Binary Translation Scheme for Upgrading EVM Smart Contracts to WASM   LCTES   
 Weimin Chen  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Xiapu Luo  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  , Haoyu Wang  Huazhong University of Science and Technology  , Heming Cui  University of Hong Kong  , Shuyu Zheng  Peking University  , Xuanzhe Liu  Peking University 
 16:15   
 15m    
 Talk | CodeExtract: Enhancing Binary Code Similarity Detection with Code Extraction Techniques   LCTES   
 Lichen Jia  Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences  , Chenggang Wu  Institute of Computing Technology at Chinese Academy of Sciences; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences; Zhongguancun Laboratory  , Zhe Wang  Institute of Computing Technology at Chinese Academy of Sciences; Zhongguancun Laboratory  , Peihua Zhang 
 16:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Foundations for a Rust-Like Borrow Checker for C   LCTES   
 Tiago Silva  University of Porto  , João Bispo  Faculdade de Engenharia e Universidade do Porto  , Tiago Carvalho  University of Porto 
 16:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Enhancing Code Vulnerability Detection via Vulnerability-Preserving Data Augmentation   LCTES   
 Shangqing Liu  Nanyang Technological University  , Wei Ma  Nanyang Technological University, Singapore  , Jian Wang  Nanyang Technological University  , Xiaofei Xie  Singapore Management University  , Ruitao Feng  SMU  , Yang Liu  Nanyang Technological University 
 17:00   
 15m    
 Talk | (WIP) A Flexible-Granularity Task Graph Representation and its Generation from C Applications   LCTES   
 Tiago Santos  Faculty of Engineering, University of Porto  , João Bispo  Faculdade de Engenharia e Universidade do Porto  , João M. P. Cardoso  University of Porto and INESC TEC, Portugal 
 17:15   
 25m    
 Day closing | Award and Closing   LCTES 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 Accelerating Shared Library Execution in a DBT  LCTES   
 Tom Spink  , Björn Franke 
 CodeExtract: Enhancing Binary Code Similarity Detection with Code Extraction Techniques  LCTES   
 Lichen Jia  , Chenggang Wu  , Zhe Wang  , Peihua Zhang 
 Efficient Implementation of Neural Networks Usual Layers on Fixed-Point Architectures  LCTES   
 Dorra Ben Khalifa  , Matthieu Martel 
 Enhancing Code Vulnerability Detection via Vulnerability-Preserving Data Augmentation  LCTES   
 Shangqing Liu  , Wei Ma  , Jian Wang  , Xiaofei Xie  , Ruitao Feng  , Yang Liu 
 EVMBT: A Binary Translation Scheme for Upgrading EVM Smart Contracts to WASM  LCTES   
 Weimin Chen  , Xiapu Luo  , Haoyu Wang  , Heming Cui  , Shuyu Zheng  , Xuanzhe Liu 
 Foundations for a Rust-Like Borrow Checker for C  LCTES   
 Tiago Silva  , João Bispo  , Tiago Carvalho 
 (Invited paper) Language-Based Deployment Optimization for Random Forest  LCTES   
 Jannik Malcher  , Daniel Biebert  , Kuan-Hsun Chen  , Sebastian Buschjäger  , Christian Hakert  , Jian-Jia Chen 
 MixPert: Optimizing Mixed-Precision Floating-Point Emulation on GPU Integer Tensor Cores  LCTES   
 Zejia Lin  , Aoyuan Sun  , Xianwei Zhang  , Yutong Lu 
 OpenMP-RT: Native Pragma Support for Real-Time Tasks and Synchronization with LLVM under Linux  LCTES   
 Brayden McDonald  , Frank Mueller 
 Optimistic and Scalable Global Function Merging  LCTES   
 Kyungwoo Lee  , Manman Ren  , Ellis Hoag 
 Orchestrating Multiple Mixed Precision Models on a Shared Precision-Scalable NPU  LCTES   
 Kiung Jung  , Seok Namkoong  , Hongjun Um  , Hyejun Kim  , Youngsok Kim  , Yongjun Park 
 SmartVisor: User-Friendly Hypervisor for Mobile Robots Remote     LCTES   
 Guanyu Chen  , Pan Lv  , Hong Li  , Guoqing Yang 
 Three Colours of Fuzzing: Reflections and Open Challenges  LCTES   
 Cristian Cadar 
 TinySeg: Model Optimizing Framework for Image Segmentation on Tiny Embedded Systems  LCTES   
 Byungchul Chae  , Jiae Kim  , Seonyeong Heo 
 TWFuzz: Fuzzing Embedded Systems with Three Wires Remote     LCTES   
 Zhongwen Feng  , Junyan Ma 
 Unmasking the Lurking: Malicious Behavior Detection for IoT Malware with Multi-label Classification  LCTES   
 Ruitao Feng  , Sen Li  , Sen Chen  , Mengmeng Ge  , Xuewei Li  , Xiaohong Li 
 (WIP) A Flexible-Granularity Task Graph Representation and its Generation from C Applications  LCTES   
 Tiago Santos  , João Bispo  , João M. P. Cardoso 
 WoCA: Avoiding Intermittent Execution in Embedded Systems by Worst-Case Analyses with Device States  LCTES   
 Phillip Raffeck  , Johannes Maier  , Peter Wägemann 

 Submission  
  
 Submissions must be in ACM SIGPLAN subformat of the acmart format (available at and explained in more detail at https://www.sigplan.org/Resources/Author/  ). Each paper should be in 10pt font and have no more than 10 pages for full papers  or 4 pages for work-in-progress papers  , excluding the bibliography. There is a 2-page limit on the page count for references. Each reference must list all authors of the paper (do not use et al.). The citations should be in numeric style, e.g., [52]. Submissions must be in PDF format and printable on US Letter and A4-sized paper. For papers in the work-in-progress category, add the suffix “(WIP)” to your title, such as “Title (WIP)”.   
 To enable double-blind reviewing, submissions must adhere to two rules:  
 author names and their affiliations must be omitted; and, 
  references to related work by the authors should be in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”). 
  However, nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult (e.g., important background references should not be omitted or anonymized). Papers must describe unpublished work that is not currently submitted for publication elsewhere as discussed here. Authors of accepted papers will be required to sign an ACM copyright release.  
 ACM Publications Policies   
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy. 
  Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start, and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors  . The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts. 
  AUTHORS TAKE NOTE   
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 By submitting the paper, the authors agree that if the paper is accepted, one author will have to register at the conference rate and present the paper in person at the LCTES 2024 conference.   
 Submission site   
 https://lctes24.hotcrp.com   

 Speaker's Guide  
   
 LCTES’24 Speaker’s Guide   
 This document is for those presenting a paper at LCTES’24. If you’re presenting at ISMM, PLDI, or a PLDI tutorial or workshop, please see the Speaker’s Guide on the page for the corresponding conference/track.  
 Congratulations on having your paper accepted at LCTES’24! This document will help ensure your presentation runs smoothly and has the best possible audience impact. Please read it in its entirety.  
 Checklist   
 Before LCTES:  
 Prepare and practice. 
  Each presentation slot lasts for | 15 minutes, including 12 minutes of presentation and 3 minutes of Q&A | . 
  Upload a backup copy of your talk slides (details below). 
  Check the program to establish when and where your talk will be. 
  Ensure you have a | HDMI adaptor | for your device. 
  Before your talk:  
 Familiarize yourself with the room you will be speaking in. 
  Find and introduce yourself to your session chair. 
  Ensure that you are in the room | no later than 5 minutes | before your session. 
  After your talk:  
 Expect questions from the floor and session chair. 
  Preparing Your Talk   
 Your work will have a greater impact if you’re well prepared.  
 It is very important that you run to schedule. The LCTES’24 schedule is extremely tight, with hard stops imposed by FCRC scheduling. Session chairs have been asked to stick rigidly to the schedule.  
 Guidelines   
 Your talk should run for no more than 12 minutes, uninterrupted. This gives you about three minutes for questions and speaker change-over. 
  Your talk should be prepared for the standard | 16:9 widescreen ratio | . If your talk is in a different ratio, at best it will be | pillarboxed | , wasting screen real estate and diminishing impact, and at worst, it won’t display correctly. 
  You will present your talk from a lectern, using a fixed lectern mic. 
  You will need to provide your talk ahead of time in either pdf or powerpoint. 
  Uploading Your Presentation   
 As an insurance against technical failures, we ask all speakers to make a backup copy of their presentation available to the video team by uploading it the day before the session. You’re welcome to upload fresh copies at any time.  
 Format: your presentation must be saved as a | powerpoint or pdf | file (sorry!) 
  Naming: you must use your paper ID as your file name ( | .[ppt,pptx,pdf], e.g., LCTES-paper43.pptx) 
  Location: please use this link: | https://www.dropbox.com/request/xp2Z2934nxRH0LQXm8RC 
  This requirement gives you assurance that if some major technical problem were to arise (such as a failure of your laptop), you will still be able to give your talk. If you do not make your presentation available in advance, and significant technical problems arise, we may have to shorten your presentation to keep to our tight schedule.  
 The requirement for you to use pdf or powerpoint for your backup copy is a pragmatic tradeoff. These slides will only be used in case of a technical emergency. We want to have the highest possible assurance that they will work without fuss on a third party device should such an emergency occur. If you use Google slides, Keynote, or some other software, please use the export feature to create either powerpoint or pdf backups.  
 If you elect not to upload a backup copy, please understand that this limits our volunteers’ capacity to assist you if a technical problem arises when you give your presentation.  
 Advice   
 There are many excellent sources of advice on giving good talks, including from Simon Peyton Jones  , Michael Hicks  , Michael Ernst  , and Derek Dreyer  . Make good use of these!  
 Q&A   
 If you stick to the above schedule you will have about 3 minutes for questions. The in-room audience will be able to ask questions via a queue at a single microphone on a mic stand in the center of the room.  
 It is good practice, as the speaker, to repeat your understanding of the question before providing your answer. This is particularly important when time is tight because it reduces opportunities for time being wasted on account of a misunderstanding.  
   
 Call for Papers  
   
 Call for Papers   
 Programming languages, compilers, and tools are important interfaces between embedded systems and emerging applications in the real world. Embedded systems are aggressively adapted for deep neural network applications, large language models, autonomous vehicles, robots, healthcare applications, etc. However, these emerging applications impose challenges that conflict with conventional design requirements and increase the complexity of embedded system designs. Furthermore, they exploit new hardware paradigms to scale up multicores (including GPUs and FPGAs) and distributed systems built from many cores. Therefore, programming languages, compilers, and tools are becoming more important to address these issues, such as productivity, validation, verification, maintainability, safety, and reliability for meeting both performance goals and resource constraints.  
 The 25th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on Languages, Compilers, Tools and Theory of Embedded Systems (LCTES 2024) solicits papers presenting original work on programming languages, compilers, tools, theory, and architectures that help in overcoming these challenges. Research papers on innovative techniques are welcome, as well as experience papers on insights obtained by experimenting with real-world systems and applications. Papers can be submitted to https://lctes24.hotcrp.com/  .  
 Important Dates   
 Abstract submission - | February 16, 2024 | February 22, 2024 (AoE time) 
  Paper submission - | February 23, 2024 | February 29, 2024 (AoE time) 
  Paper notification - April 1, 2024 
  Camera-ready paper submission - May 1, 2024 
  Conference - June 24, 2024 
  Paper Categories   
 Full paper: 10 pages presenting original work (at most 2 additional pages for references and appendix). 
  Poster, work-in-progress and invited paper: 4 pages papers presenting original ideas that are likely to trigger interesting discussions. 
  Accepted papers in both categories will appear in the proceedings published by ACM. In addition, this year’s LCTES will have | Distinguished Paper awards | selected from this year’s accepted paper to recognise the outstanding work among all papers. 
  Special Issue Invitation   
 Accepted full papers will be invited to submit to a special issue of the ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)   . A TECS publication will require substantial additional material over the conference publication and will undergo a separate review process. Papers submitted to LCTES (including the WIP papers) will be welcome to submit manuscripts to a special issue of the IEEE Embedded Systems Letters (IEEE ESL)   . A 4-page IEEE ESL manuscript will require clearly distinct intellectual contribution as compared to the conference paper and will undergo a separate review process.  
 Topics   
 Original contributions are solicited on the topics of interest including, but not limited to:  
 Programming language challenges   
 Domain-specific languages 
  Features to exploit multicore, reconfigurable, and other emerging architectures 
  Features for distributed, adaptive, and real-time control embedded systems 
  Capabilities for specification, composition, and construction of embedded systems 
  Language features and techniques to enhance reliability, verifiability, and security 
  Virtual machines, concurrency, inter-processor synchronization, and memory management 
  Compiler challenges 
  Interaction between embedded architectures, operating systems, and compilers   
 Interpreters, binary translation, just-in-time compilation, and split compilation 
  Support for enhanced programmer productivity 
  Support for enhanced debugging, profiling, and exception/interrupt handling 
  Optimization for low power/energy, code/data size, and real-time performance 
  Parameterized and structural compiler design space exploration and auto-tuning 
  Tools for analysis, specification, design, and implementation, including: 
  Hardware, system software, application software, and their interfaces 
  Distributed real-time control, media players, and reconfigurable architectures 
  System integration and testing 
  Performance estimation, monitoring, and tuning 
  Run-time system support for embedded systems 
  Design space exploration tools 
  Support for system security and system-level reliability 
  Approaches for cross-layer system optimization 
  Theory and foundations of embedded systems 
  Predictability of resource behavior: energy, space, time   
 Validation and verification, in particular of concurrent and distributed systems 
  Formal foundations of model-based design as the basis for code generation, analysis, and verification 
  Mathematical foundations for embedded systems 
  Models of computations for embedded applications 
  Novel embedded architectures 
  Design and implementation of novel architectures   
 Workload analysis and performance evaluation 
  Architecture support for new language features, virtualization, compiler techniques, debugging tools 
  Architectural features to improve power/energy, code/data size, and predictability 
  Mobile systems and IoT 
  Operating systems for mobile and IoT devices   
 Compiler and software tools for mobile and IoT systems 
  Energy management for mobile and IoT devices 
  Memory and IO techniques for mobile and IoT devices 
  Large language models (LLMs) and programming languages/compilers   
 Impact of LLMs on embedded system design and architectures 
  LLM-based debugging tools for embedded software 
  Adapting LLMs for resource-constraint environment 
  LLM for embedded systems and compilers 
  LLM for program analysis, testing and verification. 
  Program analysis, testing and verification for LLM 

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Mon 24 Jun 2024  
  Conference Date 
 Wed 1 May 2024  
  Camera-Ready Deadline 
 Mon 1 Apr 2024  
  Paper notification 
 Thu 29 Feb 2024  
  Paper submission 
 Thu 22 Feb 2024  
  Abstract submission 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://lctes24.hotcrp.com     
   
 Organizing Committee    
   
 Aviral Shrivastava General Chair    
 Arizona State University   
 United States 
  Yulei Sui Program Chair    
 UNSW Sydney   
 Australia 
  Guangdong Bai Publications Chair    
 University of Queensland   
 Australia 
  Yuekang Li Publicity Co-Chair    
 The University of New South Wales   
 Australia 
  Hye-Young Paik Publicity Co-Chair    
 The University of New South Wales 
  Xiao Cheng Web Chair    
 UNSW   
 Australia 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Aaron Smith Programme Committee    
 Microsoft   
 United States 
  Bin Ren Programme Committee    
 College of William & Mary   
 United States 
  Chandra Krintz Programme Committee    
 Univ. of California, Santa Barbara 
  David B. Whalley Programme Committee    
 Florida State University 
  Fernando Magno Quintão Pereira Programme Committee    
 Federal University of Minas Gerais   
 Brazil 
  Frank Hannig Programme Committee    
 Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU)   
 Germany 
  Guoliang Jin Programme Committee    
 Databricks; North Carolina State University   
 United States 
  Heiko Falk Programme Committee    
 Hamburg University of Technology   
 Germany 
  Hyoseung Kim Programme Committee    
 University of California, Riverside   
 United States 
  Jeronimo Castrillon Programme Committee    
 TU Dresden, Germany   
 Germany 
  João M. P. Cardoso Programme Committee    
 University of Porto and INESC TEC, Portugal   
 Portugal 
  Keren Zhou Programme Committee    
 George Mason University 
  Martin Schoeberl Programme Committee    
 Technical University of Denmark   
 Denmark 
  Milind Chabbi Programme Committee    
 Uber Technologies Inc.   
 United States 
  Parasara Sridhar Duggirala Programme Committee    
 The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill   
 United States 
  Pengfei Su Programme Committee    
 University of California, Merced   
 United States 
  Pierre-Evariste Dagand Programme Committee    
 IRIF / CNRS   
 France 
  Probir Roy Programme Committee    
 University of Michigan at Dearborn 
  Robert Dick Programme Committee    
 University of Michigan, USA 
  Ruitao Feng Programme Committee    
 SMU   
 Singapore 
  Seonyeong Heo Programme Committee    
 Kyung Hee University   
 South Korea 
  Subhajit Roy Programme Committee    
 IIT Kanpur   
 India 
  Teresa Johnson Programme Committee    
 Google 
  Tong Zhang Programme Committee    
 Samsung   
 United States 
  Walter Binder Programme Committee    
 USI Lugano   
 Switzerland 
  Kailong Wang Programme Committee    
 Huazhong University of Science and Technology   
 China 
  Xiaogang Zhu Programme Committee    
 Swinburne University of Technology   
 Australia 
  Xiaoyu Sun Programme Committee    
 Australian National University, Australia   
 Australia 
  Yanjun Zhang Programme Committee    
 University of Queensland   
 Australia 
  Yuekang Li Programme Committee    
 The University of New South Wales   
 Australia 
  Zhenya Zhang Programme Committee    
 Kyushu University, Japan   
 Japan 
  Kihong Heo Programme Committee    
 KAIST   
 South Korea 
  Yongjun Park    
 Yonsei University 
  Sheng Wen    
 Swinburne University of Technology 
  Zhen Xie Programme Committee    
 Argonne National Laboratory   
 United States 
    
 Steering Committee    
   
 Jian-Jia Chen    
 TU Dortmund University   
 Germany 
  Bernhard Egger    
 Seoul National University   
 South Korea 
  Jörg Henkel 
  Changhee Jung    
 Purdue University, USA 
  Dongyoon Lee    
 Stony Brook University   
 United States 
  Kyoungwoo Lee    
 Yonsei University 
  Aviral Shrivastava    
 Arizona State University   
 United States 
  Yulei Sui    
 UNSW Sydney   
 Australia 
  Jason Xue    
 MBZUAI 
  Jingling Xue    
 UNSW Sydney   
 Australia 

 x  Tue 3 Dec 12:33    

  PLDI 2024   
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 PLDI Events   
  Research Artifacts   
  PLDI Research Papers   
  Workshops and Tutorials   
  SRC   
  Tutorials   
  Volunteering   
  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 ISMM 2024   
  LCTES 2024   
  Workshops  
 ARRAY 2024   
  CP 2024   
  EGRAPHS 2024   
  Infer 2024   
  PLMW@PLDI 2024   
  PODELSKI   
  RTFM 2024   
  SOAP 2024   
  Sparse 2024   
  WQS 2024    

 Attending  
 Venue: Radisson Blu Scandinavia, Copenhagen   
  Sponsorship   
  Registration   
  Visa   
  PLDI and Associated Events Live Streams   
  Presenter Instructions    
 Sign Up

10. Conference LCTES_1:
LCTES 2024   Dates to be announced Copenhagen, Denmark    
 co-located with PLDI 2024    

 Toggle navigation        
 Series 
  LCTES 2024 
  All Editions | LCTES 2024 
  LCTES 2023 
  LCTES 2022 
  LCTES 2021 
  LCTES 2020 
  LCTES 2019 
  LCTES 2018 
  LCTES 2017 
  LCTES 2016 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 LCTES  
   
 All Editions   

 Dates to be announced Copenhagen, Denmark  LCTES 2024  with PLDI 2024    
 Welcome to the 25th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on Languages, Compilers, and Tools for Embedded Systems (LCTES 2024)! LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and developer ... 
 Sun 18 Jun 2023 Orlando, Florida, United States  LCTES 2023  with PLDI 2023    
 LCTES 2023 Welcome to the 24th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on Languages, Compilers, and Tools for Embedded Systems (LCTES 2023)! LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers ... 
 Tue 21 Jun 2022 San Diego, California, United States  LCTES 2022  with PLDI 2022    
 LCTES 2022 Welcome to the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on Languages, Compilers, and Tools for Embedded Systems (LCTES 2022). LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems, but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers ... 
 Sun 20 - Fri 25 June 2021 PLDI  LCTES 2021  with PLDI 2021    
 Welcome to the 2021 edition of the International Conference on Languages Compilers, Tools and Theory of Embedded Systems. LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and the embedded systems communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems, but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and developers from either area t ... 
 Mon 15 - Fri 19 June 2020  LCTES 2020  with PLDI 2020    
 LCTES 2020 is going virtual due to COVID-19 pandemic LCTES decided not to have real-time Q&amp;A Zoom/Slack communication. Instead, all LCTES talk videos are now available on SIGPLAN’s YouTube channel. Please click the YouTube Talk Videos tab to watch the videos. This year’s LCTES program consists of one keynote presentation on “Compiler 2.0: Using Machine Learning to Modernize Compiler Technology” by Prof. Sam ... 
 Sat 22 - Fri 28 June 2019 Phoenix, Arizona, United States  LCTES 2019  with PLDI 2019    
 Welcome to the 2019 edition of the International Conference on Languages Compilers, Tools and Theory of Embedded Systems. LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and the embedded systems communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems, but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and developers from either area t ... 
 Mon 18 - Fri 22 June 2018 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States  LCTES 2018  with PLDI 2018    
 Welcome to the 19th Annual ACM SIGPLAN / SIGBED 2018 Conference on Languages, Compilers, and Tools for Embedded Systems (LCTES 2018). The conference will take place on June 19th. Follow us on https://twitter.com/acmlctes. LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems, but with di ... 
 Wed 21 - Thu 22 June 2017 Barcelona, Spain  LCTES 2017  with PLDI 2017    
 Welcome to the 18th Annual ACM SIGPLAN / SIGBED 2017 Conference on Languages, Compilers, and Tools for Embedded Systems (LCTES 2017). LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems, but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and develope ... 
 Mon 13 - Tue 14 June 2016 Santa Barbara, California, United States  LCTES 2016  with PLDI 2016    
 LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems, but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and developers from either area to relevant work and interesting problems in the other area and provide a forum where they can interact. 

 Steering Committee (LCTES 2024)   
   
 Jian-Jia Chen    
 TU Dortmund University   
 Germany 
  Bernhard Egger    
 Seoul National University   
 South Korea 
  Jörg Henkel 
  Changhee Jung    
 Purdue University, USA 
  Dongyoon Lee    
 Stony Brook University   
 United States 
  Kyoungwoo Lee    
 Yonsei University 
  Aviral Shrivastava    
 Arizona State University   
 United States 
  Yulei Sui    
 UNSW Sydney   
 Australia 
  Jason Xue    
 MBZUAI 
  Jingling Xue    
 UNSW Sydney   
 Australia 

 x  Tue 3 Dec 12:33    

 using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    

 Sign Up

11. Conference PEPM_1:
PEPM 2025   Tue 21 Jan 2025 Denver, Colorado, United States    
 co-located with POPL 2025    

 Toggle navigation        
 Series 
  PEPM 2025 
  All Editions | PEPM 2025 
  PEPM 2024 
  PEPM 2023 
  PEPM 2022 
  PEPM 2021 
  PEPM 2020 
  PEPM 2019 
  PEPM 2018 
  PEPM 2017 
  PEPM 2016 
  PEPM 2015 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 PEPM  
   
 All Editions   

 Tue 21 Jan 2025 Denver, Colorado, United States  PEPM 2025  with POPL 2025    
 The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM) has a history going back to 1991 and has been held in conjunction with POPL every year since 2006. The origin of PEPM is in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over time, PEPM has broadened its scope to include a variety of research areas centered around semantics- ... 
 Tue 16 Jan 2024 London, United Kingdom  PEPM 2024  with POPL 2024    
 About The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM), which has a history going back to 1991 and has co-located with POPL every year since 2006, originates in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over the years, the scope of PEPM has expanded to include a variety of research areas centred around the theme of se ... 
 Tue 17 Jan 2023 Boston, Massachusetts, United States  PEPM 2023  with POPL 2023    
 About The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM), which has a history going back to 1991 and has co-located with POPL every year since 2006, originates in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over the years, the scope of PEPM has expanded to include a variety of research areas centred around the theme of se ... 
 Mon 17 - Tue 18 January 2022 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States  PEPM 2022  with POPL 2022    
 Livestreaming PEPM talks will be livestreamed on SIGPLAN’s YouTube channel. https://youtu.be/J5QHFdGb0GY About The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM), which has a history going back to 1991 and has co-located with POPL every year since 2006, originates in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over the ... 
 Mon 18 - Tue 19 January 2021 Online  PEPM 2021  with POPL 2021    
 The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM), which has a history going back to 1991 and has co-located with POPL every year since 2006, originates in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over the years, the scope of PEPM has expanded to include a variety of research areas centred around the theme of semantics ... 
 Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2020 New Orleans, Louisiana, United States  PEPM 2020  with POPL 2020    
 The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM), which has a history going back to 1991 and has co-located with POPL every year since 2006, originates in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over the years, the scope of PEPM has expanded to include a variety of research areas centred around the theme of semantics ... 
 Sun 13 - Sat 19 January 2019 Cascais, Portugal  PEPM 2019  with POPL 2019    
 The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM), which has a history going back to 1991 and has co-located with POPL every year since 2006, originates in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over the years, the scope of PEPM has expanded to include a variety of research areas centred around the theme of semantics ... 
 Mon 8 - Sat 13 January 2018 Los Angeles, California, United States  PEPM 2018  with POPL 2018    
 The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM), which has a history going back to 1991 and has co-located with POPL every year since 2006, originates in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over the years, the scope of PEPM has expanded to include a variety of research areas centred around the theme of semantics ... 
 Mon 16 - Tue 17 January 2017  PEPM 2017  with POPL 2017    
 PEPM 2017 proceedings (ACM digital library) PEPM is the premier forum for discussion of semantics-based program manipulation. The first ACM SIGPLAN PEPM symposium took place in 1991, and meetings have been held in affiliation with POPL every year since 2006. The PEPM Symposium/Workshop series aims at bringing together researchers and practitioners working in the areas of program manipulation, partial evaluatio ... 
 Mon 18 - Tue 19 January 2016 St. Petersburg, Florida, United States  PEPM 2016  with POPL 2016    
 The PEPM Symposium/Workshop series aims at bringing together researchers and practitioners working in the areas of program manipulation, partial evaluation, and program generation. PEPM focuses on techniques, theory, tools, and applications of analysis and manipulation of programs. The list of accepted papers is available here. In addition to regular research papers, PEPM 2016 will feature a full day of high-ca ... 
 Tue 13 - Wed 14 January 2015 Mumbai, India  PEPM 2015   
 The PEPM Symposium/Workshop series aims at bringing together researchers and practitioners working in the areas of program manipulation, partial evaluation, and program generation. PEPM focuses on techniques, theory, tools, and applications of analysis and manipulation of programs. PEPM 2015 will take place 13-14 January, 2015 in Mumbai, India, co-located with POPL 2015. Call for papers (invited talk by Shriram ... 

 x  Tue 3 Dec 12:33    

 using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    

 Sign Up

12. Conference SOSP_2:
skip to main content    
 Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Queue 
  TechNews 
  Career Center 

 Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession   
   
 Join 
  Volunteer 
  myACM 
  Search Input    Search Submit 

  Join  Volunteer  myACM    
  Search      
   
 About ACM | About Home | About ACM 
  ACM's Mission, Vision, Core Values and Goals 
  Governance 
  ACM Council 
  Boards and Committees 
  Past Presidents 
  ACM Constitution 
  Bylaws 
  Annual Reports 
  History 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures 
  Stop Harassment 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  Policy on Complaint Process Disclosure 
  ACM Statements 
  ACM in the News 
  Media Center 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM  
 ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.  
 [Learn More about ACM...] 
  ACM Regional Councils | ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing 
  Membership | Membership Home | About Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  Ambassadors for ACM 
  People of ACM 
  ACM People in the News 
  Join 
  Renew 
  Subscribe 
  Manage your Account / myACM 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Contact Us 
  ACM Membership  
 ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.  
 [Learn More about ACM Membership...] 
  ACM Skills Bundle Add-On | Customer Service FAQs | Become an Ambassador for ACM 
  Publications | Publications Home | About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Journals 
  Magazines 
  Books 
  Conference Proceedings 
  ICPS 
  SIGs Newsletters 
  Blue Diamond Newsletter 
  Applications-Oriented Content 
  For Authors 
  Primary Article Templates 
  Open Access 
  Artifacts and Reproducibility 
  New ACM Journals 
  Propose New Publications 
  Policies 
  Report a Potential Violation 
  Ethics & Plagiarism 
  Publications Board 
  Subscribe 
  Advertise 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Publications  
 For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.  
 [Learn More about ACM Publications...] 
  Publish with ACM | Select Application-Oriented Papers | Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library 
  SIGs | Special Interest Groups Home | About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 
  Special Interest Groups  
 ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.  
 [Learn More about ACM's SIGs...] 
  Join an ACM SIG | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Conferences | Conferences Home | About Conferences 
  Conference Series 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
  ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide  
 Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.  
 [Learn More about ACM Conferences...] 
  Find an ACM Conference | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Chapters | Chapters Home | About Chapters 
  Professional Chapters 
  Student Chapters 
  Meetups 
  Newsletter 
  Calendar of Local Activities 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Annual Reports 
  Find a Chapter 
  Start a Chapter 
  Chapter Policies 
  Chapter Administrative Interface 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Chapters  
 ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.  
 [ Learn More about ACM Chapters...  ] 
  Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter | Chapter Administrative Interface | Start an ACM Chapter 
  Awards | Awards Home | About Awards 
  Award Recipients 
  ACM Fellows 
  ACM Advanced Member Grades 
  ACM Awards Committee 
  Nominate 
  Award Sponsors 
  Establish a New Award 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Awards  
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
  Affiliated Organizations 
  ACM Learning Center 
  Resources for Educators 
  Resources for Graduating Students 
  Education Board and Advisory Committee 
  Reports and Studies 
  Contact Us 
  Education  
 ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...  
 [Learn More about Education…] 
  ACM Education Advisory Committee Applications Open | Rush Shahani TechTalk | ByteCast Ep60: Xin Luna Dong 
  Learning Center | Learning Center Home | About the Learning Center 
  E-Learning 
  Member Offers 
  TechTalks 
  ByteCast 
  Resources 
  FAQs 
  Practitioner Board 
  Professional Development Committee 
  About ACM Learning Center  
 The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 80,000 online books, courses, and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training. 
  ByteCast Ep59: Nashlie Sephus | ByteCast Ep58: Wen-Mei Hwu | ByteCast Ep57: Xavier Leroy 
  Public Policy | Public Policy Home | About ACM's Public Policy Work 
  Tech Policy Council 
  Europe Tech Policy 
  US Tech Policy 
  USTPC HotTopics Webinars 
  ACM TechBriefs 
  Policy Products 
  Media Releases 
  Contact Us 
  Public Policy  
 ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...] 
  TechBrief on Data Privacy Protection | USTPC Issues Revised Statement on Remote Proctoring | ACM Europe TPC Statement on Digital Green Certificates 
  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Home | About Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
  Forming Diverse Teams 
  Words Matter 
  ACM Celebrates Awareness Months 
  ACM Code of Ethics 
  Stop Harassment 
  Contact Us 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  ACM-W 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
 Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...] 
  DEI Articles in CACM | DEI CE Webinars | How Diverse Is Your Team? 

 SIGs Home 
   About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Start a New SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Best Paper Awards 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 

 Home 
  Special Interest Groups (SIGs) 

 SIGOPS  - Special Interest Group on Operating Systems  
 Online Membership  Print Membership    
 The ACM Special Interest Group on Operating Systems addresses a broad spectrum of issues associated with computing systems research and development, focused on operating systems but also including distributed systems and middleware. Members are drawn from a broad community spanning industry, academia, and government. SIGOPS supports many conferences and workshops, including the Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP), Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI), ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing (PODC), European Conference on Computer Systems (EuroSys), and Asia-Pacific Workshop on Systems (APSys).  
 SIGOPS benefits for FY 2025  
 Member Benefits:   
 Print OR digital subscription to Operating Systems Review 
  Reduced registration at SIGOPS-sponsored conferences and workshops 
  Announcements through SIGOPS electronic mailing list 
  Access to SIGOPS content in the ACM Digital Library: | Operating Systems Review 
  ACM Transactions on Computer Systems 
  Proceedings of SIGOPS-sponsored conferences 
  Community Benefits:   
 Sponsorship of the following conferences: | ASPLOS 
  EuroSys 
  HotOS 
  PODC 
  SenSys 
  SOCC 
  APSys 
  ADA Diversity 
  SOSP 
  Student travel support to conferences 
  Conference Senior Rates 
  Conference Child Care Support 
  Awards | Mark Weiser Award 
  Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize in Distributed Computing (w/SIGACT) 
  SIGOPS Hall of Fame Award for influential papers 
  SIGOPS Dennis M. Ritchie Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGOPS website 

 About ACM 
  About ACM 
  Volunteer 
  Membership 
  Join ACM 
  Renew My Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  MyACM Sign In 
  Publications 
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
  Chapter Admin Interface 
  Chapter Activities Calendar 
  Start a Chapter 
  Special Interest Groups 
  SIGs Newsletter 
  Awards 
  About ACM's Awards 
  Conferences 
  ACM's Conferences 
  Code of Ethics 
  ACM's Code of Ethics 
  Enforcement Procedures 
  Media Center 
  ACM Media Center 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Education 
  Education Home 
  Privacy Policy 
  Privacy Policy Home 

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact Us 
  Member Services 
  Privacy Policy 
  Social Media Policy 
  Accessibility 
  Cookie Declaration 
  Copyright © 2024, ACM, Inc

13. Conference LCTES_2:
PLDI 2023   Sat 17 - Wed 21 June 2023 Orlando, Florida, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Orlando World Center Marriott 
  PLDI'23 Attendee's Guide 
  Registration 
  Code of Conduct 
  Sponsorship 
  Visa 
  Volunteers 
  Childcare 
  Program | PLDI Program 
  Your Program 
   Sat 17 Jun 
  Sun 18 Jun 
  Mon 19 Jun 
  Tue 20 Jun 
  Wed 21 Jun 
  Tracks | PLDI 2023 
  FCRC 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  Social 
  Research Artifacts 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  SRC 
  Volunteering 
  W@PLDI 
  LGBTQ+ Lunch 
  SIGPLAN 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ISMM 
  LCTES 
  Workshops 
  ARRAY 
  ASA 
  CSC 
  CTSTA 
  DRAGSTERS 
  EGRAPHS 
  Infer 
  PLARCH 
  PLMW@PLDI 
  SOAP 
  Organization | PLDI 2023 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  PLDI Research Papers 
  Research Artifacts 
  Workshops and Tutorials 
  SRC 
  Volunteering 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ISMM | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  LCTES | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Workshops 
  ARRAY | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  ASA | Organizing Committee 
  CSC | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  CTSTA | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  DRAGSTERS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  EGRAPHS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Infer | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PLARCH | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PLMW@PLDI | Organizing Committee 
  SOAP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   PLDI 2025 
  PLDI 2024 
  PLDI 2023 
  PLDI 2022 
  PLDI 2021 
  PLDI 2020 
  PLDI 2019 
  PLDI 2018 
  PLDI 2017 
  PLDI 2016 
  PLDI 2015 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  PLDI 2023  ( series  ) /  LCTES 2023 ( series  ) /  Languages, Compilers, Tools and Theory of Embedded Systems LCTES 2023   
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Speaker's Guide 
  Attendee's Guide 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission 
  LCTES 2023   
  Welcome to the 24th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on L  anguages, C  ompilers, and T  ools for E  mbedded S  ystems ( LCTES  2023)!  
 LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and developers from either area to relevant work and interesting problems in the other area and provide a forum where they can interact.  
 LCTES’23 is co-located with PLDI  and FCRC 2023  , sharing the venue and activities with ten top computer science conferences.  
 Proceedings   
 The proceedings for LCTES 2023 are now available in the ACM Digital Library  .  
 Attendance policy   
 Accepted papers must be presented at LCTES 2023 to appear in the proceedings. Since FCRC is an in-person conference, presentations must be in person and the presenter must register for LCTES. Under special circumstances, pre-recorded presentations are allowed but require three virtual PLDI registrations to help us cover the cost of the proceedings. If you are unable to present your paper in person, contact the general chair  as soon as possible.  
 Registration is open   
 Registrations are now open  . Access to LCTES is possible with a 2-day or single-day (Sunday) pass as part of PLDI. Make sure to tick the “LCTES” box when signing up!  
 Accommodation   
 Visit the FCRC 2023 hotel information  page to book your rooms at a discounted rate.  
 Conference attendance grants for student authors   
 If you are a student and a presenter or co-author of a paper but need money to attend the conference, you can apply for a SIGPLAN grant. Visit https://pac.sigplan.org/  to learn more.  
   
 Plenary    

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-06:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-04:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+09:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+10:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+10:30) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+11:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+12:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+12:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Sun 18 Jun   
  
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      

 07:30 - 09:00 | Breakfast Catering   at Royal 
 07:30   
 90m    
 Other | Breakfast   Catering 

 09:00 - 10:00 | LCTES: Keynote LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Bernhard Egger  Seoul National University   #lctes-0900-keynote-magnolia78 
 09:00   
 60m    
 Keynote | Decreasing the Miss Rate and Eliminating the Performance Penalty of a Data Filter Cache   LCTES   
 David B. Whalley  Florida State University    
  DOI 

 10:00 - 11:00 | LCTES: Code Gen LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Bernhard Egger  Seoul National University   #lctes-1000-codegen-magnolia78 
 10:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Facilitating the Bootstrapping of a New ISA   LCTES   
 Abigail Mortensen  Florida State University  , Scott Pomerville  Michigan Technological University  , David B. Whalley  Florida State University  , Soner Onder  Michigan Technological University  , Gang-Ryung Uh  Florida State University    
  DOI 
 10:20   
 20m    
 Talk | Synchronization-aware NAS for an Efficient Collaborative Inference on Mobile Platforms   LCTES   
 Beom Woo Kang  Hanyang University  , Junho Wohn  Hanyang University  , Seongju Lee  Hanyang University  , Sunghyun Park  University of Michigan  , Yung-Kyun Noh  Hanyang University  , Yongjun Park  Yonsei University    
  DOI 
 10:40   
 20m    
 Talk | MinUn: Accurate ML Inference on Microcontrollers Virtual      LCTES   
 Shikhar Jaiswal  Microsoft Research  , Rahul Kranti Kiran Goli  Microsoft Research  , Aayan Kumar  Microsoft Research  , Vivek Seshadri  Microsoft Research  , Rahul Sharma  Microsoft Research    
  DOI   Pre-print   Media Attached 

 11:00 - 11:20 | Break Catering 
 11:00   
 20m    
 Coffee break | Break   Catering 

 11:20 - 12:30 | LCTES: Code/Image Size LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Jongouk Choi  University of Central Florida   #lctes-1120-codeimgsize-magnolia78 
 11:30   
 20m    
 Talk | reUpNix: Reconfigurable and Updateable Embedded Systems   LCTES   
 Niklas Golenstede  Hamburg University of Technology  , Ulf Kulau  Hamburg University of Technology  , Christian Dietrich  Hamburg University of Technology    
  DOI 
 11:50   
 20m    
 Talk | Optimizing Function Layout for Mobile Applications   LCTES   
 Ellis Hoag  Meta  , Kyungwoo Lee  Meta  , Julián Mestre  University of Sydney  , Sergey Pupyrev  Meta Platforms Inc., Facebook    
  DOI 
 12:10   
 20m    
 Talk | Thread-Level Attack-Surface Reduction   LCTES   
 Florian Rommel  Leibniz Universität Hannover  , Christian Dietrich  Hamburg University of Technology  , Andreas Ziegler  Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU)  , Illia Ostapyshyn  Leibniz Universität Hannover  , Daniel Lohmann  Leibniz Universität Hannover    
  DOI 

 12:30 - 14:00 | Lunch Catering   at Royal 
 12:30   
 90m    
 Lunch | Lunch   Catering 

 14:00 - 15:30 | LCTES: Scheduling & WIP LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Dongyoon Lee  Stony Brook University   #lctes-1400-scheduling-magnolia78 
 14:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Sequential Scheduling of Dataflow Graphs for Memory Peak Minimization   LCTES   
 Pascal Fradet  Inria Grenoble, France  , Alain Girault  INRIA  , Alexandre Honorat  Inria    
  DOI 
 14:20   
 20m    
 Talk | PinIt: Influencing OS Scheduling via Compiler-Induced Affinities in Embedded Media Servers Virtual      LCTES   
 Girish Mururu  Georgia Institute of Technology  , vincentni   , Ada Gavrilovska   , Santosh Pande  Georgia Institute of Technology    
  DOI 
 14:40   
 10m    
 Talk | (WIP) Towards Secure MicroPython on Morello   LCTES   
 Jeremy Singer  University of Glasgow    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 14:50   
 10m    
 Talk | (WIP) Towards Automated Identification of Layering Violations in Embedded Applications   LCTES   
 Mingjie Shen  Purdue University  , James C. Davis  Purdue University  , Aravind Machiry  Purdue University    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 15:00   
 10m    
 Talk | (WIP) Tiling for DMA-Based Hardware Accelerators Virtual      LCTES   
 Alexandre Singer  Huawei Canada Research Centre  , Kai-Ting Amy Wang  Huawei Canada Research Centre    
  DOI 

 15:30 - 16:00 | Break Catering 
 15:30   
 30m    
 Coffee break | Break   Catering 

 16:00 - 17:00 | LCTES: Storage LCTES   at Magnolia 7-8   
  Chair(s): Dongyoon Lee  Stony Brook University   #lctes-1600-storage-magnolia78 
 16:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Rep-RAID: An Integrated Approach to Optimizing Data Replication and Garbage Collection in RAID-enabled SSDs   LCTES   
 Jun Li  Southwest University  , Balazs Gerofi  Intel Corporation  , Francois Trahay  Telecom SudParis  , Zhigang Cai  Southwest University  , Jianwei Liao  Southwest University    
  DOI 
 16:20   
 20m    
 Talk | ISVABI: In-Storage Video Analytics Engine with Block Interface   LCTES   
 Yi Zheng  The Pennsylvania State University  , Joshua Fixelle  University of Virginia  , Pingyi Huo  The Pennsylvania State University  , Mircea R. Stan  University of Virginia  , Mike Mesnier  Intel Labs  , Vijaykrishnan Narayanan  The Pennsylvania State University    
  DOI 
 16:40   
 20m    
 Talk | LUNAR: A Native Table Engine for Embedded Devices Virtual      LCTES   
 Xiaopeng Fan  East China Normal University  , Song Yan  East China Normal University  , Yuchen Huang  East China Normal University  , Chuliang Weng  East China Normal University    
  DOI 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 Decreasing the Miss Rate and Eliminating the Performance Penalty of a Data Filter Cache  LCTES   
 David B. Whalley    
  DOI 
 Facilitating the Bootstrapping of a New ISA  LCTES   
 Abigail Mortensen  , Scott Pomerville  , David B. Whalley  , Soner Onder  , Gang-Ryung Uh    
  DOI 
 ISVABI: In-Storage Video Analytics Engine with Block Interface  LCTES   
 Yi Zheng  , Joshua Fixelle  , Pingyi Huo  , Mircea R. Stan  , Mike Mesnier  , Vijaykrishnan Narayanan    
  DOI 
 LUNAR: A Native Table Engine for Embedded Devices Virtual     LCTES   
 Xiaopeng Fan  , Song Yan  , Yuchen Huang  , Chuliang Weng    
  DOI 
 MinUn: Accurate ML Inference on Microcontrollers Virtual     LCTES   
 Shikhar Jaiswal  , Rahul Kranti Kiran Goli  , Aayan Kumar  , Vivek Seshadri  , Rahul Sharma    
  DOI   Pre-print   Media Attached 
 Optimizing Function Layout for Mobile Applications  LCTES   
 Ellis Hoag  , Kyungwoo Lee  , Julián Mestre  , Sergey Pupyrev    
  DOI 
 PinIt: Influencing OS Scheduling via Compiler-Induced Affinities in Embedded Media Servers Virtual     LCTES   
 Girish Mururu  , vincentni  , Ada Gavrilovska  , Santosh Pande    
  DOI 
 Rep-RAID: An Integrated Approach to Optimizing Data Replication and Garbage Collection in RAID-enabled SSDs  LCTES   
 Jun Li  , Balazs Gerofi  , Francois Trahay  , Zhigang Cai  , Jianwei Liao    
  DOI 
 reUpNix: Reconfigurable and Updateable Embedded Systems  LCTES   
 Niklas Golenstede  , Ulf Kulau  , Christian Dietrich    
  DOI 
 Sequential Scheduling of Dataflow Graphs for Memory Peak Minimization  LCTES   
 Pascal Fradet  , Alain Girault  , Alexandre Honorat    
  DOI 
 Synchronization-aware NAS for an Efficient Collaborative Inference on Mobile Platforms  LCTES   
 Beom Woo Kang  , Junho Wohn  , Seongju Lee  , Sunghyun Park  , Yung-Kyun Noh  , Yongjun Park    
  DOI 
 Thread-Level Attack-Surface Reduction  LCTES   
 Florian Rommel  , Christian Dietrich  , Andreas Ziegler  , Illia Ostapyshyn  , Daniel Lohmann    
  DOI 
 (WIP) Tiling for DMA-Based Hardware Accelerators Virtual     LCTES   
 Alexandre Singer  , Kai-Ting Amy Wang    
  DOI 
 (WIP) Towards Automated Identification of Layering Violations in Embedded Applications  LCTES   
 Mingjie Shen  , James C. Davis  , Aravind Machiry    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 (WIP) Towards Secure MicroPython on Morello  LCTES   
 Jeremy Singer    
  DOI   Pre-print 

 Call for Papers  
  
  Programming languages, compilers, and tools are important interfaces between embedded systems and emerging applications in the real world. Embedded systems are aggressively adapted for deep neural network applications, autonomous vehicles, robots, healthcare applications, etc. However, these emerging applications impose challenges that conflict with conventional design requirements and increase the complexity of embedded system designs. Furthermore, they exploit new hardware paradigms to scale up multicores (including GPUs and FPGAs) and distributed systems built from many cores. Therefore, programming languages, compilers, and tools are becoming more important to address these issues, such as productivity, validation, verification, maintainability, safety, and reliability for meeting both performance goals and resource constraints.  
 The 24th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on Languages, Compilers, Tools and Theory of Embedded Systems (LCTES 2023) solicits papers presenting original work on programming languages, compilers, tools, theory, and architectures that help in overcoming these challenges. Research papers on innovative techniques are welcome, as well as experience papers on insights obtained by experimenting with real-world systems and applications. Papers can be submitted to https://lctes23.hotcrp.com/  .  

 Important Dates   
 Paper submission deadline: March 24, 2023 (extended firm deadline) 
  Paper notification: April 24, 2023 
  AE submission deadline: May 1, 2023 
  AE notification: May 12, 2023 
  Camera-ready deadline: May 15, 2023 
  Conference: June 18, 2023 

 Paper Categories   
 Full paper: 10 pages presenting original work. 
  Work-in-progress paper: 4 pages papers presenting original ideas that are likely to trigger interesting discussions. 
  Accepted papers in both categories will appear in the proceedings published by ACM. In addition, this year’s LCTES introduces two journal modes.  
 All accepted full papers will be invited to be published in a special issue of the ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS). A TECS publication will require substantial additional material over the conference publication and will undergo a separate review process. 
  Rejected full papers may have the option to submit their work to the IEEE Embedded Systems Letters (ESL; 4 pages). IEEE ESL submissions will undergo a separate review process. 

 Original contributions are solicited on the topics of interest including, but not limited to:   
 Programming language challenges   
 Domain-specific languages 
  Features to exploit multicore, reconfigurable, and other emerging architectures 
  Features for distributed, adaptive, and real-time control embedded systems 
  Capabilities for specification, composition, and construction of embedded systems 
  Language features and techniques to enhance reliability, verifiability, and security 
  Virtual machines, concurrency, inter-processor synchronization, and memory management 
  Compiler challenges   
 Interaction between embedded architectures, operating systems, and compilers 
  Interpreters, binary translation, just-in-time compilation, and split compilation 
  Support for enhanced programmer productivity 
  Support for enhanced debugging, profiling, and exception/interrupt handling 
  Optimization for low power/energy, code/data size, and real-time performance 
  Parameterized and structural compiler design space exploration and auto-tuning 
  Tools for analysis, specification, design, and implementation, including: 
  Hardware, system software, application software, and their interfaces 
  Distributed real-time control, media players, and reconfigurable architectures 
  System integration and testing 
  Performance estimation, monitoring, and tuning 
  Run-time system support for embedded systems 
  Design space exploration tools 
  Support for system security and system-level reliability 
  Approaches for cross-layer system optimization 
  Theory and foundations of embedded systems   
 Predictability of resource behavior: energy, space, time 
  Validation and verification, in particular of concurrent and distributed systems 
  Formal foundations of model-based design as the basis for code generation, analysis, and verification 
  Mathematical foundations for embedded systems 
  Models of computations for embedded applications 
  Novel embedded architectures   
 Design and implementation of novel architectures 
  Workload analysis and performance evaluation 
  Architecture support for new language features, virtualization, compiler techniques, debugging tools 
  Architectural features to improve power/energy, code/data size, and predictability 
  Mobile systems and IoT   
 Operating systems for mobile and IoT devices 
  Compiler and software tools for mobile and IoT systems 
  Energy management for mobile and IoT devices 
  Memory and IO techniques for mobile and IoT devices 

 ACM Publications Policies   
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
  Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start, and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors  . The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  

 Authors take note   
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  

 Submission  
  
  Submissions must be in ACM SIGPLAN subformat of the acmart format (available at and explained in more detail at https://www.sigplan.org/Resources/Author/  ). Each paper should be in 10pt font and have no more than 10 pages for full papers  or 4 pages for work-in-progress papers  , excluding the bibliography. There is no limit on the page count for references. Each reference must list all authors of the paper (do not use et al.  ). The citations should be in numeric style, e.g., [52]. Submissions must be in PDF format and printable on US Letter and A4-sized paper. For papers in the work-in-progress category, add the suffix “(WIP)” to your title, such as “Title (WIP)”  .  
 To enable double-blind reviewing, submissions must adhere to two rules:  
 author names and their affiliations must be omitted; and, 
  references to related work by the authors should be in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We build on the work of …”). 
  However, nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult (e.g., important background references should not be omitted or anonymized). Papers must describe unpublished work that is not currently submitted for publication elsewhere as discussed here  . Authors of accepted papers will be required to sign an ACM copyright release.  

 ACM Publications Policies   
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy. Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID  , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start, and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors  . The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  

 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE   
 The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  

 Submission site   
 https://lctes23.hotcrp.com   

 Call for Artifacts  
  
 Submission Site   
 Submit your artifacts through https://lctes23ae.hotcrp.com  .  
 Artifact Submission Deadline  : 11:59 pm May 1, 2023 (AoE)  
  Artifact Decision Notification  : May 12, 2023  
 General Info   
 The authors of all accepted LCTES papers (including WIP papers) are invited to submit supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. Artifact Evaluation is run by a separate Artifact Evaluation Committee (AEC) whose task is to assess how well the artifacts support the work described in the papers. This submission is voluntary but strongly encouraged and will not influence the final decision regarding the papers.  
 At LCTES, we follow ACM’s artifact review and badging policy, version 1.1  . ACM describes a research artifact as follows:  
 By “artifact” we mean a digital object created by the authors to be used as part of the study or generated by the experiment itself. For example, artifacts can be software systems, scripts used to run experiments, input datasets, raw data collected in the experiment, or scripts used to analyze results.  
  
 Submission of an artifact does not imply automatic permission to make its content public. AEC members will be instructed that they may not publicize any part of the submitted artifacts during or after completing the evaluation, and they will not retain any part of any artifact after evaluation. Thus, you can include models, data files, proprietary binaries, and similar items in your artifact.  
 We expect each artifact to receive three reviews. Papers that pass the Artifact Evaluation process will receive up to three ACM artifact evaluation badge(s) directly printed on the paper and available as meta information in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Artifact evaluation is single-blind. Please take precautions (e.g., turning off analytics and logging) to help prevent accidentally learning the reviewers’ identities.  
 Badging   
 The papers with accepted artifacts will be assigned official ACM artifact evaluation badges based on the criteria defined by ACM  . The AEC awards up to three types of badges that reflect the evaluation (red), availability (green), and validation (blue) of the artifact and the results of the paper. Refer to the ACM website  for detailed badge information. Note that artifacts will be evaluated with respect to the claims and presentation in the submitted version of the paper, not the camera-ready version   .  
 The awarded badges will appear on the first page of the camera-ready version of the paper. Artifact authors will be allowed to revise their camera-ready paper after being notified of their artifact’s publication to include a link to the artifact’s DOI.  
 Note that we only award the “Reproducibility” (dark blue) badge but not the “Replication” (light blue) one.  
 Guidelines   
 Carefully think which badge(s) you seek to receive | . | If your only goal is to publish your code, seek the “Availability” (green) badge. The reviewers will not exercise the artifact for its functionality or validate the paper’s claims. 
  If you wish you have your results reproduced without making your artifact documented, consistent, complete, and exercisable, seek the “Reproducibility” (blue) badge rather than the “Functionality/Reusability” (red) badge. 
  If you do not want to make the artifact available publicly, do not seek the “Availability” (green) badge. 
  Minimize the artifact setup overhead | . | A well-packaged artifact is easily usable by the reviewers and conveys the value of your work. A great way to package an artifact is as a VM image or Docker container that runs “out of the box.” We encourage authors to include pre-built binaries along with the source and build scripts that allow the AEC to regenerate the binaries to guarantee maximum transparency. Pre-built VM or docker images are preferred over scripts that build the image since this alleviates reliance on external dependencies. Make sure to test your artifact on at least one machine different than the one you used to prepare the artifact to identify missing dependencies. 
  Giving AE reviewers remote access to your machines with preinstalled (proprietary) software is possible. 
  Preparing the Artifact   
 You should make your artifact available as a single archive file and use the naming convention <paper #>.<suffix>  , where the appropriate suffix is used for the given archive format. Use a commonly-available compressed archive format such as .tgz, .tbz2, or .zip and open document formats. The link to download your artifact must protect the anonymity of the reviewers (e.g., a Google Drive URL).  
 The compressed archive should consist of three pieces:  
 The submission version of your accepted paper. 
  A | README | file (PDF or plaintext format) that explains your artifact (details below). 
  A folder containing the artifact. 
  The README.txt  should consist of two parts:  
 a | Getting Started Guide | and 
  Step-by-Step Instructions | that detail how your artifact can be evaluated. Include appropriate references to the relevant sections of your paper. 
  The Getting Started Guide  should contain instructions on how to set up (including, for example, a pointer to the VM player software, its version, and passwords if needed) and test your artifact. Anyone following this guide should be able to handle the rest of your artifact easily.  
 The Step by Step Instructions  explain how to reproduce experiments or other activities supporting your paper’s conclusions. Write this for readers who are deeply interested in your work and are studying to improve or compare against it. If your artifact runs for more than a few minutes, point this out and explain how to run it on smaller inputs.  
 Where appropriate, include descriptions of and links to files (included in the archive) that represent the expected outputs   such as log files generated by your tool for a given set of inputs. If there are warnings that can be ignored, explain what they are.  
 Further, include the following:  
 A list of claims from the paper supported by the artifact. Explain how and why the artifact supports those claims. 
  A list of claims from the paper | not | supported by the artifact. Explain why the artifact does not support those claims. Examples: performance claims cannot be reproduced in a VM, authors cannot redistribute specific benchmarks, etc. 
  When preparing your artifact, please keep in mind:  
 How accessible you are making your artifact to other researchers. 
  The AEC members will have a limited time to assess your artifact. 
  Artifact Evaluation Committee   
 Other than the chair, the AEC members are senior graduate students, postdocs, or recent Ph.D. graduates, identified with the help of the LCTES PC and recent artifact evaluation committees. Please check SIGPLAN’s Empirical Evaluation Guidelines  for some methodologies to consider during evaluation.  
 Throughout the review period, reviews will be submitted to HotCRP and continuously visible to authors. AEC reviewers will be able to continuously interact (anonymously) with authors for clarifications, system-specific patches, and other logistics to help ensure that the artifact can be evaluated. Continuous interaction prevents rejecting artifacts for “wrong library version” types of problems.  
 Our goal is that all submitted artifacts successfully pass the artifact evaluation.   

 Speaker's Guide  
   
 LCTES’23 Speaker’s Guide   
 This document is for those presenting a paper at LCTES’23. If you’re presenting at ISMM, PLDI, or a PLDI tutorial or workshop, please see the Speaker’s Guide on the page for the corresponding conference/track.  
 Congratulations on having your paper accepted at LCTES’23! This document will help ensure your presentation runs smoothly and has the best possible audience impact. Please read it in its entirety.  
 Checklist   
 Before LCTES:  
 Prepare and | practice | . 
  Ensure your talk runs for | no more than 15 minutes | . 
  Sign up for Discord | ( | details here | ). 
  Upload a backup copy of your talk slides | (details below). 
  Check the program | to establish when and where your talk will be. 
  Ensure you have a | HDMI adaptor | for your device. 
  Before your talk:  
 Familiarize yourself with the room | you will be speaking in. 
  Find and | introduce yourself to your session chair | . 
  Find the Discord channel | for your session, so you can monitor questions. 
  Attend the mandatory video check | before your session (details below). 
  Ensure that you are in the room no later than 5 minutes before your session. 
  After your talk:  
 Expect | questions from the floor | and session chair. 
  Once you’ve completed your talk and Q&A, | monitor Discord for follow-up questions | . 
  Preparing Your Talk   
 Your work will have a greater impact if you’re well prepared.  
 It is very important that you run to schedule. The LCTES’23 schedule is extremely tight, with hard stops imposed by FCRC scheduling. Session chairs have been asked to stick rigidly to the schedule.  
 Guidelines   
 Your talk should run for no more than 16 minutes | , uninterrupted. This gives you about three minutes for questions and one minute for speaker change-over. 
  Your talk should be prepared for the standard | 16:9 widescreen ratio | . If your talk is in a different ratio, at best it will be | pillarboxed | , wasting screen real estate and diminishing impact, and at worst, it won’t display correctly. 
  You will present your talk from a lectern, using a fixed lectern mic. 
  You will need to provide your talk ahead of time in either pdf or powerpoint. 
  If you have an embedded video in your presentation, please inform the video team via Discord and be sure to test it with them before your session. 
  Uploading Your Presentation   
 As an insurance against technical failures, we ask all speakers to make a backup copy of their presentation available to the video team by uploading it the day before the session. You’re welcome to upload fresh copies at any time.  
 Format: your presentation must be saved as a powerpoint or pdf file (sorry!) 
  Naming: you must use your paper ID as your file name (<LCTES paper ID>.[ppt,pptx,pdf], e.g., LCTES-paper43.pptx) 
  Location: please use this link: | https://bit.ly/pldi23upload 
  This requirement gives you assurance that if some major technical problem were to arise (such as a failure of your laptop), you will still be able to give your talk. If you do not make your presentation available in advance, and significant technical problems arise, we may have to shorten your presentation to keep to our tight schedule.  
 The requirement for you to use pdf or powerpoint for your backup copy is a pragmatic tradeoff. These slides will only be used in case of a technical emergency. We want to have the highest possible assurance that they will work without fuss on a third party device should such an emergency occur. If you use Google slides, Keynote, or some other software, please use the export feature to create either powerpoint or pdf backups.  
 If you elect not to upload a backup copy, please understand that this limits our volunteers’ capacity to assist you if a technical problem arises when you give your presentation.  
 Advice   
 There are many excellent sources of advice on giving good talks, including from Simon Peyton Jones  , Michael Hicks  , Michael Ernst  , and Derek Dreyer  . Make good use of these!  
 Mandatory Video Check   
 All speakers are required to be in the room and check in with their session chair and the video team no later than 5 minutes before their session starts. Please note that due to our very tight schedule, speakers who fail to upload their talk in advance and/or fail to attend the video check 5 minutes before their session may have their talk cut short if technical issues arise  .  
 Q&A   
 If you stick to the above schedule you will have about 3 minutes for questions. The in-room audience will be able to ask questions via a queue at a single microphone on a mic stand in the center of the room. In-room attendees and remote attendees will also be able to ask questions via Discord. Your session chair will monitor questions on Discord and might ask questions as they see them appearing there.  
 It is good practice, as the speaker, to repeat your understanding of the question before providing your answer. This is particularly important when time is tight because it reduces opportunities for time being wasted on account of a misunderstanding.  
 Once your talk is finished, please go on to Discord and respond to any questions or follow-up questions that appear there.  
 Remote Audience   
 Your talk will be streamed to Discord and YouTube with live captioning. Your remote audience will be able to write questions in the Discord channel created for your session (they won’t be able to ask questions via audio or video). They should see your slides, a video feed of you speaking, and live captions. As mentioned above, your session chair may relay questions from Discord.  
 Remote Presenters   
 LCTES’23 authors are expected to be present at the conference. If it is impossible for any of the authors to attend LCTES in person, please let the chairs know immediately.  
 Discord   
 We will use Discord as the virtual platform for this conference. You should familiarize yourself with Discord as an audience member well before your talk. We will use it for: a) the remote audience, b) delivery of remote talks, and c) communicating logistics.  
 Remote speakers will receive instructions on how to present your talk over Discord.  
 Connectivity   
 Please do the best you can to ensure that you have good connectivity at the time of your presentation. To protect against the possibility of a major technical failure, we encourage you to record a 15 minute video version of your talk, and share it with the video team well before your talk (see notes above for sharing slides). The video team can then use your video as a back-up in case of a major problem.  
 Limitations   
 Remote speakers should take care before including embedded audio in their talk. While this is possible, it can be difficult. If you need to do this, please consult directly with the video team and have it tested well in advance.  
 Q&A   
 Your session chair will introduce you and field questions just as for in-person sessions. You do not need to monitor Discord during your talk. Your Q&A will involve answering questions verbally, just as for in-person talks, only you’ll do so via video. As with in-person sessions, timing is very tight, so please be sure to stick to your 15 minute speaking time, or risk losing your Q&A time. You can respond to follow-up questions online after your talk has finished.  
   
 Attendee's Guide  
   
 Accessing Papers   
 PLDI papers are all open-access and available from the ACM Digital Library. Just follow the small “DOI” link in the PLDI schedule below the paper.  
 In-Person Attendees   
 The venue for PLDI’23 is Orlando World Center Marriott  .  
 The map here  indicates where you’ll find key events.  
 Registration   
 Please make your way to the FCRC registration desk, which will be in “Palms Registration” until Saturday noon, at which point it will move to " Cypress 2 Alcove" for the remainder of FCRC. Both are marked on the map above.  
 Welcome Reception   
 We are holding a joint welcome reception with ISCA in Royal from 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm on Sunday. Everyone registered for PLDI (or ISCA) is invited.  
 Catering   
 Lunch and breakfast will be in Cypress 3, with the exception of Monday’s PLDI Awards Lunch, which will be held in Cypress 1.  
 Wi-Fi   
 FCRC provides wifi for the whole event. You should receive information on how to access it at the registration desk.  
 Discord   
 In-person attendees are warmly encouraged to use Discord (details below). You can use it to coordinate with colleagues, get updates on activities, and engage with authors via Q&A. You are very welcome to ask questions via each session’s text channel on Discord, before, during, and after the talk. If the session chair has time, they will ask the question on your behalf. Authors have been asked to check their channel for questions, so you can engage with the authors that way if not in person.  
 Virtual Attendees   
 Watching Talks (YouTube)   
 LCTES will be streamed to YouTube, and accessible to everyone (Tutorials are not streamed by our video team, but organizers may have made their own arrangements).  
 Each session will be streamed separately. The link to LCTES live stream will be visible at the top of the LCTES Discord channel and in the schedule.  
 We have paid for live subtitling of the main PLDI tracks.  
 Engaging in Q&A (Discord)   
 We encourage remote attendees to engage with talks via Discord (details below in the “Using Discord”  section).  
 Using Discord   
 As an affiliated conference, LCTES will use PLDI’s Discord server for virtual engagement. Discord is a social media platform that supports text, voice, and video chats. This section of the guide gives a brief overview of how we’ll use it and pointers to more general tips on how to use Discord.  
 Key information:  
 Our conference is completely | open and free for virtual attendees | , so our Discord server is open to everyone. 
  Please use this link  to join the PLDI’23 Discord server. 
  You can use Discord entirely | from the browser, or via an app | you install. 
  We have | one channel for each technical session | . Use that channel to engage virtually with the authors and other attendees. 
  We ask everyone to | edit their profile | to set their “server nickname” to their preferred name, and their pronouns (if they wish). Updating your avatar with a profile photo can also help improve the virtual experience. 
  Editing Your Profile   
 You first need to open user settings. At the lower left corner, you should see a small icon with your avatar and your Discord username, with a gear symbol to the right of it. If you click on the gear icon, it will open user settings.  
 On the left-hand side, you’ll see menu options. Select “Profiles”.  
 First, update your nickname. Under “Profiles”, select the “Server Profiles” tab, and ensure that the server is “PLDI 2023” under “Choose a server” like this  , and then edit your “Server Nickname” to be your preferred name, including your pronouns if you wish.  
 Next, update your avatar if you wish. Under “Profiles”, select “User Profile” and under “Avatar” select “Change Avatar”.  
 Click on the “X” at the top right to exit the user settings dialogue.  
 PLDI’s Discord Setup   
 The most important thing to know is that we’ll have a text channel for each session, and that’s the place to go to engage with the speakers at that session. You’ll find them listed under “PLDI MAIN TRACK”, “ISMM & LCTES”, and “WORKSHOPS AND TUTORIALS” respectively, as shown here  . You’ll see one channel per session for PLDI, ISMM, and LCTES and one per event for the workshops and tutorials.  
 You’ll also find links to these channels on the program, such as the link to #pldi-mon-0900-opening-royal in this example screenshot  .  
 We also have a number of other channels, including ones for general questions (#general) and for social events.  
 Discord Etiquette   
 To help make the platform friendly and engaging, we encourage you to clearly identify yourself (see notes above on editing your profile).  
 PLDI is committed to creating a safe and respectful environment for everyone. This includes conversations on Discord. Please be respectful and kind in your interactions on Discord.  
 Discord for talk Q&A   
 You can use Discord to ask questions of the authors, before the talk, during the talk, and after the talk, whether you are on-site or remote. When time permits, during each live post-talk Q&A, session chairs will be able to consult Discord and read questions on behalf of the person who posted it. Authors are encouraged to go to Discord after their talk and respond to follow-up questions.  
 How to Use Discord   
 The basic use of the text channels is quite straightforward.  
 Rather than attempting to provide a first-principles guide on how to use Discord in this document, we encourage you to check out the following references:  
 “How to Use Discord: A Beginner’s Guide” | by Boone Ashworth of Wired. 
  “Beginner’s Guide to Discord” | from Discord. 
  “How to Use Discord: A Beginner’s Guide” | by Marshall Gunnell of PCWorld. 

 Questions? Use the LCTES contact form  .    
    
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Mon 15 May 2023  
  Camera-ready deadline 
 Fri 12 May 2023  
  Artifact decision 
 Mon 1 May 2023  
  Artifact submission deadline 
 Mon 24 Apr 2023  
  Paper notification 
 Fri 24 Mar 2023  
  Paper submission deadline 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://lctes23.hotcrp.com/     
   
 Organizing Committee    
   
 Bernhard Egger General Chair    
 Seoul National University   
 South Korea 
  Dongyoon Lee Program Chair    
 Stony Brook University   
 United States 
  Younghyun Cho Publicity Chair, Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair    
 University of California, Berkeley 
  Xinwei Fu Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair    
 Amazon Web Services   
 United States 
  Daon Park Web Chair    
 Seoul National University   
 South Korea 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Dongyoon Lee PC Chair    
 Stony Brook University   
 United States 
  Guillaume Baudart Programme Committee    
 Inria   
 France 
  Younghyun Cho Programme Committee    
 University of California, Berkeley 
  Jongouk Choi Programme Committee    
 University of Central Florida   
 United States 
  James C. Davis Programme Committee    
 Purdue University   
 United States 
  Xinwei Fu Programme Committee    
 Amazon Web Services   
 United States 
  Adrien Guatto Programme Committee    
 IRIF, Université Paris Diderot   
 France 
  Dongjie He Programme Committee    
 UNSW   
 Australia 
  Seonyeong Heo Programme Committee    
 ETH Zurich   
 Switzerland 
  Hyeran Jeon Programme Committee    
 University of California, Merced   
 United States 
  Teresa Johnson Programme Committee    
 Google 
  Hanjun Kim Programme Committee    
 Yonsei University 
  Hyoseung Kim Programme Committee    
 University of California, Riverside   
 United States 
  Fengyun Liu Programme Committee    
 Oracle Labs   
 Switzerland 
  Tongping Liu Programme Committee    
 University of Massachusetts at Amherst 
  David Monniaux Programme Committee    
 CNRS/VERIMAG   
 France 
  Yongjun Park Programme Committee    
 Yonsei University 
  Rodrigo C. O. Rocha Programme Committee    
 Huawei   
 United Kingdom 
  Klaus Schneider Programme Committee    
 University of Kaiserslautern 
  Zili Shao Programme Committee    
 The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
  Zhaoyan Shen Programme Committee    
 Shandong University 
  Hyojin Sung Programme Committee    
 POSTECH 
  Munehiro Takimoto Programme Committee    
 Tokyo University of Science 
  Zheng Wang Programme Committee    
 University of Leeds, UK 
  Elliott Wen Programme Committee    
 The University of Auckland 
  Peter Wägemann Programme Committee    
 Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU) 
  Lei Zhang Programme Committee    
 ICT CAS 
  Tong Zhang Programme Committee    
 Samsung   
 United States 
    
 Steering Committee    
   
 No members yet 

 x  Tue 3 Dec 12:33    

  PLDI 2023   
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 FCRC   
  PLDI Research Papers   
  Social   
  Research Artifacts   
  Tutorials   
  Workshops and Tutorials   
  SRC   
  Volunteering   
  W@PLDI   
  LGBTQ+ Lunch   
  SIGPLAN    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 ISMM 2023   
  LCTES 2023   
  Workshops  
 ARRAY 2023   
  ASA 2023   
  CSC 2023   
  CTSTA 2023   
  DRAGSTERS 2023   
  EGRAPHS 2023   
  Infer 2023   
  PLARCH 2023   
  PLMW@PLDI 2023   
  SOAP 2023    

 Attending  
 Venue: Orlando World Center Marriott   
  PLDI'23 Attendee's Guide   
  Registration   
  Code of Conduct   
  Sponsorship   
  Visa   
  Volunteers   
  Childcare    
 Sign Up

14. Conference SOSP_3:
SOSP 2024   
    
 Home 
  Participate | Call for Papers 
  Call for Posters 
  Instructions for Authors 
  Student Research Competition 
  Volunteering 
  Mentoring 
  Women in Systems Meetup 
  Attend | Registration 
  Student Scholarships 
  Hotel 
  Visa Information 
  Childcare 
  Voting (U.S. election) 
  Program | Conference Schedule 
  Accepted Papers 
  Workshops | Workshops and Tutorials 
  Call for Workshops 
  Organizers 
  Sponsors 
  Contact 

 SOSP 2024 Call for Papers  
 The 30th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP) seeks to present innovative and exciting research related to the design, implementation, analysis, evaluation, and deployment of computer systems software.  

 Event Info | Date | Link 
 Deadline to register abstracts | April 12, 2024; 23:59 PT | HotCRP Submission Site 
 Submission deadline (no extensions) | April 19, 2024; 23:59 PT | HotCRP Submission Site 
 Reviews available for author response | July 22, 2024 |  
 Author response due | July 26, 2024 |  
 Author notification | August 5, 2024 |  
 Camera ready due | September 23, 2024 | HotCRP Submission Site 
 Conference | November 4-6, 2024 | Conference Site 

 Topics  
   
 SOSP takes a broad view of systems and solicits contributions from many fields of systems practice, including: operating systems, file and storage systems, distributed systems, cloud computing, mobile and edge systems, secure and reliable systems, systems aspects of big data and machine learning, embedded and real-time systems, virtualization, networking as it relates to operating systems, and management and troubleshooting of complex systems. We also welcome work that explores the interaction of computer systems with related areas such as computer architecture, networking, programming languages, analytics, verification, and databases. In keeping with SOSP tradition, we will favor work that explores new territory, continues a significant research dialogue, or reflects on experience with or measurements of state-of-the-art implementations.  

 Submission Criteria  
   
 Submissions will be judged on novelty, significance, interest, clarity, relevance, and correctness. A good paper will:  
 Motivate a significant problem; 
  Propose and implement an interesting, compelling solution; 
  Demonstrate the practicality and benefits of the solution; 
  Draw appropriate conclusions; 
  Clearly describe the paper's contributions; and 
  Clearly articulate the advances beyond previous work. 
  We encourage submission of groundbreaking work in significant new directions, with the understanding that the evaluation criteria for papers addressing new problems may be different from those continuing a line of work in a more established area.  

 Originality  
   
 Submissions should contain original, unpublished material. Simultaneous submission of the same work to multiple venues, submission of previously published work, or plagiarism is not allowed.  
 Submissions that extend the authors' previous work are welcome, but authors must explain the differences between the SOSP submission and the prior work, much in the same way that the authors are expected to articulate the contributions of their submission as they relate to prior work by others. Self-comparisons should be properly anonymized, as described below.  
 Prior or concurrent workshop publication does not preclude publishing a related paper in SOSP. The online submission form will require authors to submit a copy of the related workshop paper and a short explanation of the new material in the conference paper beyond that published in the workshop version. As long as there is significant additional content in the submission compared to the prior workshop publication, the PC will evaluate the submission's entire contribution, not just the delta.  
 Prior or concurrent publication in non-peer-reviewed contexts, like arXiv.org, technical reports, talks, and social media posts, is explicitly permitted.  

 Resubmissions  
   
 Submitting a paper that had been previously submitted to and not accepted by another conference is permitted, although authors are expected to have improved the paper to address substantive issues raised in previous reviews. Authors should provide information regarding the previous submission(s) and a summary of the subsequent revisions to the paper. This description, which will be supplied to reviewers after they’ve completed their reviews, helps reviewers who may have reviewed a previous draft of the work to appreciate any improvements to the currently submitted work. Please try to limit the description of changes to one page. All information should be properly anonymized, as described below, and should be uploaded via the submission form.  

 Anonymity  
   
 SOSP will use double-blind reviewing. Please make a good faith attempt to anonymize your submission. Avoid identifying yourself or your institution explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the references or acknowledgments). The first page should use the paper ID assigned during registration in place of the author names. If the name of your project or system is already known to the community (e.g., through arXiv, technical reports, talks, social media posts, or other uses), your SOSP submission must use an anonymized name.  
 Use care in referring to your own related work. Do not omit references to your prior work, as this would make it difficult for reviewers to place your submission in its proper context. Instead, reference your past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of related work. For example, you might say "Our system modifies the XYZ operating system built by Lee et al. [Lee17]".  
 For concurrent submissions on related topics, cite an anonymized version of the concurrent submission and discuss the relation between the submissions. Additionally, please email the PC chairs ( sosp24-pc-chairs@cs.wisc.edu  ) a copy of your other concurrent submission.  
 If your submission reports on experiences with a system at your institution or organization, you should refer to the system anonymously but describe the properties of the system that are needed to appreciate the work (e.g., size of the user base, volume of requests, etc.). We recognize that, in some cases, these properties may allow a reviewer to identify your institution or organization.  
 Check with the program chairs ( sosp24-pc-chairs@cs.wisc.edu  ) if you are uncertain about the anonymity rules.  

 Supplementary Material  
   
 Authors may optionally include supplementary material as a separate document. Supplementary material is intended for items that are not critical for evaluating the paper but may be of interest to some readers. Examples include: formal proofs that are only sketched in the submission, additional analyses, and methodological details that aren’t essential for the PC’s assessment but are important for reproducibility. PC members are not required to read this optional supplementary material, so the submission must stand alone without it.  

 Formatting  
   
 Papers will be submitted electronically in PDF format via the web submission form  .  
 Submissions may have at most 12 pages of technical content, including all text, figures, tables, etc. Bibliographic references are not included in the 12-page limit. Use A4 or US letter paper size, with all text and figures fitting inside a 178 x 229 mm (7 x 9 in) block centered on the page, using two columns separated by 8 mm (0.33 in) of whitespace. Use 10-point font (typeface Times Roman, Linux Libertine, etc.) on 12-point (single-spaced) leading. Graphs and figures should be readable without magnification; they are encouraged to be in color, but should remain readable if printed in grayscale. All pages should be numbered, and references within the paper should be hyperlinked.  
 Submissions violating these rules will not be considered for publication, and there will be no extensions for fixing violations. We encourage you to upload an early draft of the paper well before the deadline to check if the paper meets the formatting rules.  
 Most of these rules are automatically applied when using the official SIGPLAN LaTeX  or MS Word templates  from the ACM.  
 For Latex, we recommend you use:  
 \documentclass[sigplan,10pt]{acmart} \renewcommand\footnotetextcopyrightpermission[1]{} ... \settopmatter{printfolios=true} \maketitle \pagestyle{plain} ...   

 Confidentiality  
   
 Reviewing will be done mostly by members of the program committee, with limited use of outside reviewers. Submissions will be treated as confidential; however, papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement forms will not be considered for publication.  

 Conflicts  
   
 To avoid conflicts of interest in the review process, when you register and submit your paper, we ask that you provide information about conflicts between any of the authors of your submission and PC members. Use the following guidelines to determine conflicts:  
 Institutional:  You are currently employed at the same institution, have been previously employed at the same institution within the past two years (since April 2022), or are going to begin employment at the same institution. Former interns should list their internship supervisor(s) and collaborator(s) as conflicts, not the entire institution where they interned.  
 Advisor:  You have a past or present association as PhD thesis advisor or advisee.  
 Collaborator:  You have a collaboration on a project, publication, grant proposal, or editorship within the past two years (April 2022 or later).  
 Personal:  You are close family relatives (e.g., spouses, domestic partners, parents, children, or siblings).  
 The PC chairs will review paper conflicts to ensure the integrity of the reviewing process, adding conflicts if necessary. Similarly, if there is no basis for conflicts provided by authors, such conflicts may be removed (e.g., do not improperly identify a PC member as a conflict in an attempt to avoid having the individual review your paper). If you have any questions about conflicts, please contact the program co-chairs ( sosp24-pc-chairs@cs.wisc.edu  ).  
 PC members will not be able to review, read the reviews of, or participate in discussions of papers they are conflicted with. The review process for papers conflicted with both PC chairs will be managed by another PC member designated as the "conflict chair". Any paper with a PC chair co-author will be held to a higher standard of being a “clear accept”.  

 Author Response Period  
   
 SOSP will provide an opportunity for authors to respond to reviews prior to final consideration of the papers at the program committee meeting. Authors must limit their responses to (a) correcting factual errors in the reviews or (b) directly addressing questions posed by reviewers. Responses should be limited to clarifying the submitted work. In particular, responses must not include new experiments or data, describe additional work completed since submission, or promise additional work to follow. As PC members are not required to review supplementary materials, responses must not rely on the existence of those materials.  
 Submission of a response is optional. There is no explicit limit to the response, but authors are strongly encouraged to keep responses under 500 words; reviewers are neither required nor expected to read excessively long responses.  

 Accepted Papers  
   
 Papers selected by the program committee will be subject to revision and approval by a program committee member acting as a shepherd. Authors of accepted papers will be expected to supply electronic versions of their papers and encouraged to supply source code and raw data to help others replicate and understand their results, as part of an artifact evaluation process. To facilitate broad technical discussion, all accepted papers will be made available online in advance of the conference. The official publication date will be the date the proceedings are made publicly accessible. For more information about the ACM OpenSurround Service, please go to https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/free-access  . Papers of particular merit will be forwarded to the ACM Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS) and the Communications of the ACM's Research Highlights (CACM RH) for possible publication.  

 Submission Information  
   
 Papers must be submitted electronically in PDF format via the web submission form  .  

 Questions  
   
 Any questions about paper submissions can be emailed to sosp24-pc-chairs@cs.wisc.edu  .  

  In cooperation with  
     
 Additional Information  
 Prior SOSPs 
    
 Contact Us  
 Any organizational questions about the conference can be emailed to sosp24chairs@cs.utexas.edu  . The program committee chairs can be reached at sosp24-pc-chairs@cs.wisc.edu  .  

 Design by BootstrapMade

15. Conference PEPM_2:
Conference Partner   Home 
  Conferences 
  Journals 
  Proofreading 
  Login 

  中文  |  English  |  Español  |  日本語     

 Conference Partner  » Conferences  » PEPM    
  Conference Information   
   
 PEPM 2025: ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation  
 https://popl25.sigplan.org/home/pepm-2025   
   
 Submission Date: | 2024-10-14 
 Notification Date: | 2024-11-18 
 Conference Date: | 2025-01-19 
 Location: | Denver, Colorado, USA 
  
 CCF: c  CORE: b  QUALIS: b1  Viewed: 23413  Tracked: 20  Attend: 5    

  Call For Papers   
   
 About The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM) has a history going back to 1991 and has been held in conjunction with POPL every year since 2006. The origin of PEPM is in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over time, PEPM has broadened its scope to include a variety of research areas centered around semantics-based program manipulation — the systematic exploitation of treating programs not only as subject to black-box execution, but also as data structures that can be generated, analyzed, and transformed while establishing or maintaining important semantic properties. Scope In addition to the traditional PEPM topics (see below), PEPM 2025 welcomes submissions in new domains, in particular: Semantics based and machine-learning based program synthesis and program optimisation. Modeling, analysis, and transformation techniques for distributed and concurrent protocols and programs, such as session types, linear types, and contract specifications. More generally, topics of interest for PEPM 2024 include, but are not limited to: Program and model manipulation techniques such as: supercompilation, partial evaluation, fusion, on-the-fly program adaptation, active libraries, program inversion, slicing, symbolic execution, refactoring, decompilation, and obfuscation. Techniques that treat programs/models as data objects including metaprogramming, generative programming, embedded domain-specific languages, program synthesis by sketching and inductive programming, staged computation, and model-driven program generation and transformation. Program analysis techniques that are used to drive program/model manipulation such as: abstract interpretation, termination checking, binding-time analysis, constraint solving, type systems, automated testing and test case generation. Application of the above techniques including case studies of program manipulation in real-world (industrial, open-source) projects and software development processes, descriptions of robust tools capable of effectively handling realistic applications, benchmarking. Examples of application domains include legacy program understanding and transformation, DSL implementations, visual languages and end-user programming, scientific computing, middleware frameworks and infrastructure needed for distributed and web-based applications, embedded and resource-limited computation, and security. This list of categories is not exhaustive, and we encourage submissions describing new theories and applications related to semantics-based program manipulation in general. If you have a question as to whether a potential submission is within the scope of the workshop, please contact the programme co-chairs, Guillaume Allais (guillaume.allais@strath.ac.uk) and Annie Liu (liu@cs.stonybrook.edu). AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  Last updated by Dou Sun  in 2024-09-15   

  Acceptance Ratio   

 Year | Submitted | Accepted | Accepted(%) 
 2004 | 29 | 13 | 44.8% 
 2002 | 22 | 11 | 50% 
 1999 | 20 | 11 | 55% 
  
 1488  1487  1486    

  Related Conferences   

 CCF | CORE | QUALIS | Short | Full Name | Submission | Notification | Conference 
 b | a* | a2 | ICFP | ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming | 2025-02-27 | 2025-06-27 | 2025-10-12 
 b | a | b1 | CCC | IEEE Conference on Computational Complexity | 2024-02-16 | 2024-05-05 | 2024-07-22 
 a | a* | a1 | PLDI | ACM SIGPLAN conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation | 2024-11-14 | 2025-06-16 
 a | a* | a1 | POPL | ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages | 2024-07-11 | 2024-11-07 | 2025-01-19 
 b4 | SocialCom | International Conference on Social Computing | 2014-04-30 | 2014-06-05 | 2014-08-04 
 b3 | SIES | International Symposium on Industrial Embedded Systems | 2024-06-25 | 2024-07-28 | 2024-10-23 
 ICWCSP | International Conference on Wireless Communication and Signal Processing | 2024-10-20 | 2024-11-10 | 2024-12-27 
 ICESIP | IEEE International Conference on Energy, Systems and Information Processing | 2019-02-28 | 2019-03-15 | 2019-07-04 
 a | a* | a1 | ASPLOS | International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems | 2024-10-18 | 2025-01-27 | 2025-04-27 
 IEEE ICCA | International Conference on Control & Automation | 2020-01-31 | 2020-03-15 | 2020-07-06 
  
 165  384  164  161  1287  598  4026  3117  322  1661    

 Short | Full Name | Submission | Conference 
 ICFP | ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming | 2025-02-27 | 2025-10-12 
 CCC | IEEE Conference on Computational Complexity | 2024-02-16 | 2024-07-22 
 PLDI | ACM SIGPLAN conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation | 2024-11-14 | 2025-06-16 
 POPL | ACM SIGACT-SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages | 2024-07-11 | 2025-01-19 
 SocialCom | International Conference on Social Computing | 2014-04-30 | 2014-08-04 
 SIES | International Symposium on Industrial Embedded Systems | 2024-06-25 | 2024-10-23 
 ICWCSP | International Conference on Wireless Communication and Signal Processing | 2024-10-20 | 2024-12-27 
 ICESIP | IEEE International Conference on Energy, Systems and Information Processing | 2019-02-28 | 2019-07-04 
 ASPLOS | International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems | 2024-10-18 | 2025-04-27 
 IEEE ICCA | International Conference on Control & Automation | 2020-01-31 | 2020-07-06 
  
 165  384  164  161  1287  598  4026  3117  322  1661    

  Related Journals   

 CCF | Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher | ISSN 
 Journal of Object Technology | EtH Zurich | 1660-1769 
 Studia Logica | 0.600 | Springer | 0039-3215 
 c | Computer Communications | 4.500 | Elsevier | 0140-3664 
 International Journal of Wireless and Mobile Networking | AR Publication | 2347-9078 
 International Journal of Computer Science Applications & Information Technologies | AR Publication | 2347-453X 
 b | IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering | 5.900 | IEEE | 1545-5955 
 ACM Transactions on Parallel Computing | 0.900 | ACM | 2329-4949 
 Applied Computational Intelligence and Soft Computing | 2.400 | Hindawi | 1687-9724 
 Engineering Applications of Computational Fluid Mechanics | 5.900 | Taylor & Francis | 1994-2060 
 Applied Mathematics and Sciences: An International Journal | AIRCC | 2349-6223 
  
 952  546  42  553  552  702  598  636  836  1062    

 Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher 
 Journal of Object Technology | EtH Zurich 
 Studia Logica | 0.600 | Springer 
 Computer Communications | 4.500 | Elsevier 
 International Journal of Wireless and Mobile Networking | AR Publication 
 International Journal of Computer Science Applications & Information Technologies | AR Publication 
 IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering | 5.900 | IEEE 
 ACM Transactions on Parallel Computing | 0.900 | ACM 
 Applied Computational Intelligence and Soft Computing | 2.400 | Hindawi 
 Engineering Applications of Computational Fluid Mechanics | 5.900 | Taylor & Francis 
 Applied Mathematics and Sciences: An International Journal | AIRCC 
  
 952  546  42  553  552  702  598  636  836  1062    

  Recommendation   

 Track It 20 
  Attend It 5 
  Edit CFP 

 Tracker 
 Haocheng Lee (55) 
 Dongdong An (215) 
 Li Chao (1012) 
 Baosen Zhao (1662) 
 Xiu Ma (669) 
 Yanghong Han (891) 
 Hongze Wang (1087) 
 Yu Xin (834) 
 Aaa Assddasd (390) 
 Yufeng Lv (2388) 
 Yuusuke Urameshi (344) 
 Zechen Hou (202) 
 Cindy Yuan (208) 
 Hui Zhao (435) 
 Bo ZHANG (230) 
 Yucheng Fang (906) 
 AY L (475) 
 Zhenzhou Tian (414) 
 Chen Yin (853) 
 Jiajun Jiang (507) 
  
 67892  18156  6902  43001  40423  37739  19944  29168  30441  17688  29785  25812  367  15271  11263  9963  9630  8415  4747  2656    

 Attender | Year 
 肖 Li (105) | 2025 
 Zhang Qianqian (303) | 2021 
 Hongze Wang (1087) | 2021 
 Zongkai Wu (823) | 2021 
 Zechen Hou (202) | 2020 
  
 68704  35292  19944  28859  25812    
   
  Advertisment   

  4,945  Conferences | 1,179  Journals | 69,599  Researchers | 385,366,284 PV  
  Copyright © 2011-2024 myhuiban.com. All Rights Reserved. About Us  | Facebook  | X  | Post CFP or Contact Us  | Promotion

16. Conference PADS_3:
The World's | Largest Index | of Call For Papers 
    
 Sign In 
  Sign Up 

   Event     Event 
  Journal 

 By Subject 
  By Country & City 
  By Date 

   2018 ACM SIGSIM Conference on Principles of Advanced Discrete Simulation  
 PADS 2018  
  
  URL: | http://www.acm-sigsim-pads.org/ 
  Event Date: 2018-05-23 ~ 2018-05-25 
  Submission Date: 2018-01-08 
  Location: | Rome, Italy 
    
 Computing Systems    

  --------------------------------------------------------------------  
  Please accept our apologies if you have received multiple copies.  
  --------------------------------------------------------------------  
  Call for Papers - ACM SIGSIM PADS 2018  
  2018 ACM SIGSIM Conference on  
  Principles of Advanced Discrete Simulation  
  http://www.acm-sigsim-pads.org  
  May 23 - 25, 2018  
  Sapienza, University of Rome, Rome, Italy  
  IMPORTANT: submission deadline: January 8, 20178  
  The ACM SIGSIM Conference on Principles of Advanced Discrete Simulation (ACM SIGSIM PADS) continues its reputation for high quality papers. SIGSIM PADS is the flagship conference of ACM's Special Interest Group on Simulation and Modeling (SIGSIM). The ACM SIGSIM PADS conference focuses on cutting-edge research that lies at the intersection of Computer Science and Modeling and Simulation (M&S). High quality papers are solicited in all aspects of M&S, including (but not restricted to) the following areas:  
  - Advanced modeling techniques, including reuse of models, new modeling languages, agent-based M&S, and spatially explicit M&S.  
  - Algorithms and methods for parallel or distributed simulation, including synchronization, scheduling, memory management, load balancing, and scalability issues.  
  - New simulation algorithms and techniques including hybrid simulation approaches, adaptive algorithms, approximations, GPU, FPGA and hybrid architecture acceleration.  
  - Modeling and simulation for big data and big data analytics  
  - Simulation infrastructure and security issues for large scale distributed and/or cloud based modeling and simulation  
  - Model and simulation persistence and recovery in the presence of hardware failures  
  - Integration of simulation with other IT systems, methods, and developments including simulation based decision-making, visual analytics, intelligent support in M&S, and simulation in cloud computing environments.  
  - Mechanisms for efficient design of experiments, including dynamic verification and validation of models, and automatic simulation model generation and initialization.  
  - M&S applied to manage and/or optimize operational systems and methodological challenges arising from these applications including online simulation, symbiotic simulation, dynamic data?-driven application systems, real-time and embedded simulation, and emulation of real systems.  
  - Tools and techniques for interoperability and composability of simulations including emerging standards and service-oriented approaches.  
  - Case studies considering the application of new or advanced computational methods to applications of contemporary interest.  
  *** Submission ***  
  Regular Papers: Papers must be prepared by using an official ACM Proceedings Format template provided at http://www.acm.org/sigs/publications/proceedings-templates. Papers must be written in English and should not exceed 12 pages. More details available at http://www.acm-sigsim-pads.org/authorsInfo.htm#preparation  
  Short Papers: The ACM SIGSIM PADS organizing committee is soliciting short papers to be presented at the conference. Short papers can be up to 4 pages long, and should describe interesting, novel research that is in an early stage of development or position papers of interest to the community. All short papers will be fully reviewed and will be published in the conference proceedings and included in the ACM Digital Library. At least one author is required to attend the conference and present the work in a time slot of 10 to 15 minutes.  
  PhD Colloquium: ACM SIGSIM PADS also invites students to take part in the PhD Colloquium and Poster Session at the 2017 ACM SIGSIM PADS. Travel awards are available for students taking part. More details available at http://www.acm-sigsim-pads.org/PhDColloquiumAwardCall.htm  
  AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. (For those rare conferences whose proceedings are published in the ACM Digital Library after the conference is over, the official publication date remains the first day of the conference.)  
  *** Important Dates ***  
  Regular Paper Submission: January 8, 2018  
  Short Paper Submission: February 1, 2018  
  Regular/Short Paper Notification of Acceptance: February 22, 20178  
  Regular/Short Paper Camera Due: March 23, 2018  
  Ph.D. Colloquium Submission: March 1, 2018  
  Ph.D. Colloquium Notification of Acceptance: March 15, 2018  
  Author Registration Deadline: April 8, 2018  
  Early Registration and Hotel Deadline: April 15, 2018  
  *** Organizing Committee ***  
  *General Co-Chairs:*  
  Prof. Francesco Quaglia  
  Dr. Alessandro Pellegrini  
  Sapienza, University of Rome, Italy  
  *Program Chair:*  
  Prof. Georgios Theodoropoulos  
  Durham University, UK   

  Event Promotion  

 The 2025 World Congress on Advances in Structural Engineering and Mechanics (ASEM25) 
 2025-08-11 ~ 2025-08-14 

  Journal Promotion  
  
 Acta Koreana (Acta Koreana) 

 Acta Via Serica (AVS) 

 Journal of Information Processing Systems (JIPS) 

 Journal of Internet Computing and Services (KSII - JICS) 

 Journal of Smart Tourism (Smart Tourism) 

 Membrane and Water Treatment (MWT) 

 Wind and Structures, An International Journal (Wind and Structures) 

 call4paper.com  
   
 By Subject 
  By Country & City 
  By Date 

 ThinkonWeb, Inc.  
 The ManuscriptLink service platform provides scholarly publishers and societies with a powerful SaaS (Software as a Service) platform that supports academic paper submission and review workflow service.   

 Contact us  
 support@manuscriptlink.com   

 MANUSCRIPT  LINK   © 2015 - 2024

17. Conference PEPM_3:
PEPM 2025   

 This site requires JavaScript.  Your browser does not support JavaScript.  
  Report bad compatibility problems    
  Conference information  
 Deadlines 
  Program committee 
  Conference site 

 Welcome to the The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM) 2025 (PEPM 2025) submissions site. For general information, see https://popl25.sigplan.org/home/pepm-2025  .  
   
  HotCRP.com signin  
 Sign in using your HotCRP.com username and password.  
 Email     
 Forgot your password?    
 Password     
 Sign in    
 New to the site? Create an account   

 Sign in    
  Submissions  
 The deadline  for registering submissions has passed.  

 HotCRP

18. Conference LCTES_3:
SCImago Journal Country & Rank    SCImago Institutions Rankings    SCImago Media Rankings    SCImago Iber    SCImago Research Centers Ranking    SCImago Graphica    Ediciones Profesionales de la Información     

  Scimago Journal & Country Rank   
       
  menu   
 Home 
  Journal Rankings 
  Country Rankings 
  Viz Tools 
  Help 
  About Us 

 Proceedings of the ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Languages, Compilers, and Tools for Embedded Systems (LCTES)  
 Country  
 United States   
   
   Universities and research institutions in United States   
   Media Ranking in United States   
   
 Subject Area and Category  
  
 Computer Science | Software 

 Publisher  

 H-Index  
 25  
   
 Publication type  
 Conferences and Proceedings  
   
 ISSN  
 -  
   
 Coverage  
 2003-2016  
   
 Information  
 Homepage   

 Scope  
 This year’s conference - being virtual and carrying no registration fee - has an unprecedented number of participants from a wide range of countries. This extended reach means that PLDI 2020 has great potential as a forum in which members of the Programming Languages community who have been moved by these events can come together to discuss problems related to lack of diversity and inclusion in our field, and to plan actions we might take to make our field more inviting, accepting, welcoming and inclusive to all minority groups, specifically including Black people.  Join the conversation about this journal    

 SJR   

 The SJR is a size-independent prestige indicator that ranks journals by their 'average prestige per article'. It is based on the idea that 'all citations are not created equal'. SJR is a measure of scientific influence of journals that accounts for both the number of citations received by a journal and the importance or prestige of the journals where such citations come from It measures the scientific influence of the average article in a journal, it expresses how central to the global scientific discussion an average article of the journal is.  
  
 Year | SJR 
 2004 | 0.474 
 2005 | 0.631 
 2006 | 0.353 
 2007 | 0.432 
 2008 | 0.391 
 2009 | 0.262 
 2010 | 0.286 
 2011 | 0.254 
 2012 | 0.296 
 2013 | 0.497 
 2014 | 0.228 
 2015 | 0.321 
 2016 | 0.176 
 2017 | 0.156 
 2018 | 0.151 
 2019 | 0.154 

 Total Documents   

 Evolution of the number of published documents. All types of documents are considered, including citable and non citable documents.  
  
 Year | Documents 
 2003 | 18 
 2004 | 22 
 2005 | 20 
 2006 | 24 
 2007 | 34 
 2008 | 19 
 2009 | 20 
 2010 | 20 
 2011 | 19 
 2012 | 17 
 2013 | 20 
 2014 | 17 
 2015 | 15 
 2016 | 13 
 2017 | 0 
 2018 | 0 
 2019 | 0 

 Citations per document   

 This indicator counts the number of citations received by documents from a journal and divides them by the total number of documents published in that journal. The chart shows the evolution of the average number of times documents published in a journal in the past two, three and four years have been cited in the current year. The two years line is equivalent to journal impact factor ™ (Thomson Reuters) metric.  
  
 Cites per document | Year | Value 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2003 | 0.000 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2004 | 1.722 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2005 | 2.300 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2006 | 1.917 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2007 | 1.655 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2008 | 1.040 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2009 | 1.103 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2010 | 1.093 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2011 | 1.043 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2012 | 1.077 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2013 | 1.447 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2014 | 1.197 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2015 | 1.164 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2016 | 0.884 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2017 | 1.077 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2018 | 0.822 
 Cites / Doc. (4 years) | 2019 | 0.714 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2003 | 0.000 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2004 | 1.722 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2005 | 2.300 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2006 | 1.917 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2007 | 1.576 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2008 | 1.115 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2009 | 0.987 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2010 | 1.014 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2011 | 1.153 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2012 | 1.119 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2013 | 1.696 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2014 | 0.875 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2015 | 1.185 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2016 | 0.827 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2017 | 1.178 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2018 | 0.821 
 Cites / Doc. (3 years) | 2019 | 1.000 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2003 | 0.000 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2004 | 1.722 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2005 | 2.300 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2006 | 1.619 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2007 | 1.795 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2008 | 1.052 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2009 | 0.943 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2010 | 0.769 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2011 | 1.225 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2012 | 1.436 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2013 | 1.389 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2014 | 0.811 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2015 | 1.243 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2016 | 0.844 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2017 | 1.429 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2018 | 1.000 
 Cites / Doc. (2 years) | 2019 | 0.000 

 Total Cites   
 Self-Cites   

 Evolution of the total number of citations and journal's self-citations received by a journal's published documents during the three previous years.  
  Journal Self-citation is defined as the number of citation from a journal citing article to articles published by the same journal.  
  
 Cites | Year | Value 
 Self Cites | 2003 | 0 
 Self Cites | 2004 | 0 
 Self Cites | 2005 | 7 
 Self Cites | 2006 | 4 
 Self Cites | 2007 | 0 
 Self Cites | 2008 | 2 
 Self Cites | 2009 | 2 
 Self Cites | 2010 | 2 
 Self Cites | 2011 | 1 
 Self Cites | 2012 | 0 
 Self Cites | 2013 | 1 
 Self Cites | 2014 | 0 
 Self Cites | 2015 | 6 
 Self Cites | 2016 | 1 
 Self Cites | 2017 | 0 
 Self Cites | 2018 | 0 
 Self Cites | 2019 | 0 
 Total Cites | 2003 | 0 
 Total Cites | 2004 | 31 
 Total Cites | 2005 | 92 
 Total Cites | 2006 | 115 
 Total Cites | 2007 | 104 
 Total Cites | 2008 | 87 
 Total Cites | 2009 | 76 
 Total Cites | 2010 | 74 
 Total Cites | 2011 | 68 
 Total Cites | 2012 | 66 
 Total Cites | 2013 | 95 
 Total Cites | 2014 | 49 
 Total Cites | 2015 | 64 
 Total Cites | 2016 | 43 
 Total Cites | 2017 | 53 
 Total Cites | 2018 | 23 
 Total Cites | 2019 | 13 

 External Cites per Doc   
 Cites per Doc   

 Evolution of the number of total citation per document and external citation per document (i.e. journal self-citations removed) received by a journal's published documents during the three previous years. External citations are calculated by subtracting the number of self-citations from the total number of citations received by the journal’s documents.  
  
 Cites | Year | Value 
 External Cites per document | 2003 | 0 
 External Cites per document | 2004 | 1.722 
 External Cites per document | 2005 | 2.125 
 External Cites per document | 2006 | 1.850 
 External Cites per document | 2007 | 1.576 
 External Cites per document | 2008 | 1.090 
 External Cites per document | 2009 | 0.961 
 External Cites per document | 2010 | 0.986 
 External Cites per document | 2011 | 1.136 
 External Cites per document | 2012 | 1.119 
 External Cites per document | 2013 | 1.679 
 External Cites per document | 2014 | 0.875 
 External Cites per document | 2015 | 1.074 
 External Cites per document | 2016 | 0.808 
 External Cites per document | 2017 | 1.178 
 External Cites per document | 2018 | 0.821 
 External Cites per document | 2019 | 1.000 
 Cites per document | 2003 | 0.000 
 Cites per document | 2004 | 1.722 
 Cites per document | 2005 | 2.300 
 Cites per document | 2006 | 1.917 
 Cites per document | 2007 | 1.576 
 Cites per document | 2008 | 1.115 
 Cites per document | 2009 | 0.987 
 Cites per document | 2010 | 1.014 
 Cites per document | 2011 | 1.153 
 Cites per document | 2012 | 1.119 
 Cites per document | 2013 | 1.696 
 Cites per document | 2014 | 0.875 
 Cites per document | 2015 | 1.185 
 Cites per document | 2016 | 0.827 
 Cites per document | 2017 | 1.178 
 Cites per document | 2018 | 0.821 
 Cites per document | 2019 | 1.000 

 % International Collaboration   

 International Collaboration accounts for the articles that have been produced by researchers from several countries. The chart shows the ratio of a journal's documents signed by researchers from more than one country; that is including more than one country address.  
  
 Year | International Collaboration 
 2003 | 0.00 
 2004 | 13.64 
 2005 | 20.00 
 2006 | 16.67 
 2007 | 5.88 
 2008 | 31.58 
 2009 | 20.00 
 2010 | 40.00 
 2011 | 15.79 
 2012 | 29.41 
 2013 | 25.00 
 2014 | 29.41 
 2015 | 33.33 
 2016 | 23.08 
 2017 | 0 
 2018 | 0 
 2019 | 0 

 Citable documents   
 Non-citable documents   

 Not every article in a journal is considered primary research and therefore "citable", this chart shows the ratio of a journal's articles including substantial research (research articles, conference papers and reviews) in three year windows vs. those documents other than research articles, reviews and conference papers.  
  
 Documents | Year | Value 
 Non-citable documents | 2003 | 0 
 Non-citable documents | 2004 | 1 
 Non-citable documents | 2005 | 2 
 Non-citable documents | 2006 | 4 
 Non-citable documents | 2007 | 5 
 Non-citable documents | 2008 | 5 
 Non-citable documents | 2009 | 5 
 Non-citable documents | 2010 | 5 
 Non-citable documents | 2011 | 6 
 Non-citable documents | 2012 | 6 
 Non-citable documents | 2013 | 5 
 Non-citable documents | 2014 | 5 
 Non-citable documents | 2015 | 4 
 Non-citable documents | 2016 | 5 
 Non-citable documents | 2017 | 5 
 Non-citable documents | 2018 | 4 
 Non-citable documents | 2019 | 2 
 Citable documents | 2003 | 0 
 Citable documents | 2004 | 17 
 Citable documents | 2005 | 38 
 Citable documents | 2006 | 56 
 Citable documents | 2007 | 61 
 Citable documents | 2008 | 73 
 Citable documents | 2009 | 72 
 Citable documents | 2010 | 68 
 Citable documents | 2011 | 53 
 Citable documents | 2012 | 53 
 Citable documents | 2013 | 51 
 Citable documents | 2014 | 51 
 Citable documents | 2015 | 50 
 Citable documents | 2016 | 47 
 Citable documents | 2017 | 40 
 Citable documents | 2018 | 24 
 Citable documents | 2019 | 11 

 Cited documents   
 Uncited documents   

 Ratio of a journal's items, grouped in three years windows, that have been cited at least once vs. those not cited during the following year.  
  
 Documents | Year | Value 
 Uncited documents | 2003 | 0 
 Uncited documents | 2004 | 4 
 Uncited documents | 2005 | 17 
 Uncited documents | 2006 | 20 
 Uncited documents | 2007 | 22 
 Uncited documents | 2008 | 38 
 Uncited documents | 2009 | 36 
 Uncited documents | 2010 | 37 
 Uncited documents | 2011 | 28 
 Uncited documents | 2012 | 27 
 Uncited documents | 2013 | 20 
 Uncited documents | 2014 | 28 
 Uncited documents | 2015 | 24 
 Uncited documents | 2016 | 31 
 Uncited documents | 2017 | 22 
 Uncited documents | 2018 | 16 
 Uncited documents | 2019 | 8 
 Cited documents | 2003 | 0 
 Cited documents | 2004 | 14 
 Cited documents | 2005 | 23 
 Cited documents | 2006 | 40 
 Cited documents | 2007 | 44 
 Cited documents | 2008 | 40 
 Cited documents | 2009 | 41 
 Cited documents | 2010 | 36 
 Cited documents | 2011 | 31 
 Cited documents | 2012 | 32 
 Cited documents | 2013 | 36 
 Cited documents | 2014 | 28 
 Cited documents | 2015 | 30 
 Cited documents | 2016 | 21 
 Cited documents | 2017 | 23 
 Cited documents | 2018 | 12 
 Cited documents | 2019 | 5 

 % Female Authors   

 Evolution of the percentage of female authors.  
  
 Year | Female Percent 
 2003 | 10.17 
 2004 | 12.31 
 2005 | 8.33 
 2006 | 16.07 
 2007 | 17.20 
 2008 | 11.86 
 2009 | 10.91 
 2010 | 16.98 
 2011 | 28.07 
 2012 | 26.67 
 2013 | 18.33 
 2014 | 9.43 
 2015 | 7.89 
 2016 | 5.41 
 2017 | 0.00 
 2018 | 0.00 
 2019 | 0.00 

 Documents cited by public policy (Overton)   

 Evolution of the number of documents cited by public policy documents according to Overton database.  
  
 Documents | Year | Value 
 Overton | 2003 | 0 
 Overton | 2004 | 0 
 Overton | 2005 | 0 
 Overton | 2006 | 0 
 Overton | 2007 | 0 
 Overton | 2008 | 0 
 Overton | 2009 | 0 
 Overton | 2010 | 0 
 Overton | 2011 | 0 
 Overton | 2012 | 0 
 Overton | 2013 | 0 
 Overton | 2014 | 0 
 Overton | 2015 | 0 
 Overton | 2016 | 0 
 Overton | 2017 | 0 
 Overton | 2018 | 0 
 Overton | 2019 | 0 

 Documents related to SDGs (UN)   

 Evolution of the number of documents related to Sustainable Development Goals defined by United Nations. Available from 2018 onwards.  
  
 Documents | Year | Value 
 SDG | 2018 | 0 
 SDG | 2019 | 0 

  Show this widget in your own website   
  
  Just copy the code below and paste within your html code:    
   
   SCImago Graphica   
  Explore, visually communicate and make sense of data with our new data visualization tool   .   

 Metrics based on Scopus® data as of March 2024   

 Loading comments…   

 Leave a comment  
 Name   * Required   
 Email  
  (will not be published)    * Required   
  * Required   

 * Required  Cancel      
 The users of Scimago Journal & Country Rank have the possibility to dialogue through comments linked to a specific journal. The purpose is to have a forum in which general doubts about the processes of publication in the journal, experiences and other issues derived from the publication of papers are resolved. For topics on particular articles, maintain the dialogue through the usual channels with your editor.  

 Developed by:  
    Powered by:  
    Follow us on @ScimagoJR   
   
  Scimago Lab  , Copyright 2007-2024. Data Source: Scopus®   
  Legal Notice   
 Privacy Policy

19. Conference SIGUCCS_0:
Skip to content  SIGUCCS Annual Conference 2025   
        About | 2025 Conference Committee 
  Program & Schedule | Call for Proposals 
  Presenter Information 
  Hotel & Travel 
  Registration 
  Exhibitors 

    Peak Performance: Innovate, Collaborate, Elevate  
   
 We’re excited to announce that SIGUCCS will travel to the Mile High City for our Annual Conference. Please join us in Denver April 6-9, 2025!  
   The SIGUCCS Conference is a great opportunity to network with other higher education technology professionals. Get inspired by interesting projects from colleagues around the world, learn new skills in technical sessions, discuss trends past, present and future in panel discussions, and more. Attending SIGUCCS is a great way to expand your professional network and there will be many networking opportunities where you can form new connections and partnerships.  
 There are many ways for YOU to be involved in SIGUCCS! Share your expertise by joining the program  . Volunteer to be part of the conference committee. Plan to join us in April and learn new and exciting skills, ideas, and paths towards institutional success.  
 We are looking forward to seeing you at SIGUCCS 2025!  
 Key Dates   
 July 2024: Call for Proposals Opens 
  September 6, 2024: Presentation Abstracts Due 
  October 2024: Registration Opens 
  March 7, 2025: Hotel Reservation Deadline 
  April 6–9, 2025: SIGUCCS Annual Conference 
  Code of Conduct and Community Safety  
 If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please reach out to one of the conference committee or email siguccs2025@docs.siguccs.org  .  
  View the ACM Code of Conduct   

 SIGUCCS Annual Conference 2025   
 Proudly powered by WordPress

20. Conference SIGUCCS_1:
Skip to content  SIGUCCS Annual Conference 2025   
        About | 2025 Conference Committee 
  Program & Schedule | Call for Proposals 
  Presenter Information 
  Hotel & Travel 
  Registration 
  Exhibitors 

 About  
   
 SIGUCCS  is the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Special Interest Group on University and College Computing Services  . SIGUCCS conference events and activities focus on the issues surrounding the support, delivery, and management of college and university information technology services. Over 60 years of service to the higher education community have seen IT services expand into many areas of higher education operations. The conference format provides a wide variety of learning and professional development opportunities to those in the field of college and university IT support as well as similar fields as technology intersects with many aspects of higher education.  
 Sessions will take a variety of formats, offering you an opportunity for various kinds of learning and networking.  
 SIGUCCS Academy | – Structured and interactive experiences tailored for learning useful skills. Presenters should submit sessions in one of these topics: Customer Service, Student Employee Management, Project Management. 
  Presentation | – standard presentation format with opportunity for question and answer. Presentations are 60 minutes in length. 
  Panel | – these sessions focus around a topic of interest; presenters offer insight and facilitate discussion around that topic. Panels typically are 60 minute sessions. 
  Poster | – an open forum where multiple topics are presented in poster format and authors are available to answer questions in a one-on-one setting. 
  Lightning Talks | – This is a form of presentation where multiple (approximately 5) presenters have 7 minutes to share a concise presentation on a specific topic. Two minutes of Q&A follows each presenter with an additional 15 minutes for questions directed to any presenters in the group at the end of the session. The presentations may not have a specific topic tying them all together. This type of presentation is an opportunity for new attendees to take the first step to participate in a professional conference and gain valuable experience presenting as well as an option for seasoned attendees presenting at the conference to share quick tips and useful information. 
  To learn more about connecting with the ACM SIGUCCS community before and after the 2025 event, take a look at the SIGUCCS socials page  .  

 SIGUCCS Annual Conference 2025   
 Proudly powered by WordPress

21. Conference SIGMOD_0:
ACM SIGMOD/PODS  International Conference on Management of Data, June 22-27, 2025 Berlin, Germany    
   
 Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  SIGMOD Tutorial PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Conference Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Tourism 
  About Germany 
    
 Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Program  
 Accepted Papers 
  PODS Program  
 Accepted Papers 

 2025 ACM SIGMOD/PODS @Berlin, Germany  

 Welcome  
 Welcome to the home of the 2025 ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference  , to be held in Berlin, Germany, on June 22 - 27, 2025.  
 The Conference.  The annual ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference is a leading international forum for database researchers, practitioners, developers, and users to explore cutting-edge ideas and results, and to exchange techniques, tools, and experiences. The conference includes a fascinating technical program with research and industrial talks, tutorials, demos, and focused workshops. It also hosts a poster session to learn about innovative technology, an industrial exhibition to meet companies and publishers, and a careers-in-industry panel with representatives from leading companies.  
 The Berlin Area.  Berlin is the capital of the Federal Republic of Germany and is located in the heart of Europe. With 50 lakes, three rivers (Havel, Spree, and Dahme), and eight canals, Berlin is a water city with around 1,000 bridges, significantly more than Venice. The federal capital has about 3.9 million inhabitants and is Germany's number one cultural melting pot. People from all over the world have shaped the city. Nowhere else in Germany can you find so many world-famous sights, events, flair, charm, entertainment options, a vibrant nightlife, a vast shopping world, and boundless culinary diversity.  
 The Conference Hotel.  The conference will be held at the InterContinental Berlin, a modern and internationally renowned hotel, distinctive with its checkerboard façade and one of the most famous hotels in Berlin. The location directly at the famous "Tiergarten" and just a short walk from the iconic Brandenburg Gate makes the InterContinental Berlin an exclusive starting point for exploring the multicultural metropolis. It is one of Germany's leading conference and event venues, providing an outstanding stage for events of all kinds. It was honored with the "Europe's Leading Conference Hotel" award at the World Travel Awards 2024.  

  SIGMOD/PODS 2025 Anti-Harassment Policy  
 SIGMOD 2025 adheres to the ACM Policy Against Harassment.  Any participant who experiences unacceptable behavior may contact any current member of the SIGMOD Executive Committee  and the PODS Executive Committee  or DBCares  . Please be assured that if you approach us, your concerns will be kept in strict confidence, and we will consult with you on any actions taken.  

 Credits   
  Follow our progress:

22. Conference SIGCSE_0:
Blogs (1) >>  SIGCSE TS 2025   Wed 26 February - Sat 1 March 2025 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Registration 
  Hotels and Roommates 
  Venue Information 
  Student Volunteers 
  Kids' Camp 
  SIGCSE TS Travel Grant Donations 
  Safe and Respectful Environment 
  Pittsburgh Information 
  Info | Accessibility Tips for Authors 
  Exhibitors & Supporters 
  Authorship Policies 
  General Policies 
  Reviewer Information and Guidelines 
  Topics 
  Policies on Generative AI, LLMs, and Related Tools 
  Program | SIGCSE TS Program 
  Your Program 
   Wed 26 Feb 
  Thu 27 Feb 
  Fri 28 Feb 
  Sat 1 Mar 
  Tracks | SIGCSE TS 2025 
  Keynotes 
  Papers 
  Panels 
  Special Sessions 
  Tutorials 
  ACM Student Research Competition 
  Birds of a Feather 
  Demos 
  Lightning Talks 
  Nifty Assignments 
  Posters 
  Affiliated Events 
  Journal First 
  Supporter Sessions 
  Logistics 
  Organization | SIGCSE TS 2025 Committees 
  Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Hybrid Committee 
  Ethics Facilitators 
  Subcommittee: Global 
  Subcommittee: DEIA 
  Track Committees 
  Papers 
  Panels 
  Special Sessions 
  Tutorials 
  ACM Student Research Competition 
  Birds of a Feather 
  Demos 
  Lightning Talks 
  Nifty Assignments 
  Posters 
  Affiliated Events 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SIGCSE TS 2025 
  SIGCSE TS 2024 
  SIGCSE TS 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 SIGCSE TS 2025: Leading the Transformation  
   
 Welcome!   
 The Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE TS) is organized by the ACM Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE) and is the organization’s flagship conference. The SIGCSE Technical Symposium addresses problems common among educators working to develop, implement and/or evaluate computing programs, curricula, and courses. The symposium provides a forum for sharing new ideas for syllabi, laboratories, and other elements of teaching and pedagogy, at all levels of instruction. The symposium provides a diverse selection of technical sessions and opportunities for learning and interaction.  
 SIGCSE TS 2025 will be held from February 26 - March 01, 2025, at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center  in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. SIGCSE TS 2025 will be primarily an in-person conference, though there will be limited online participation options.  
 Hybrid Options for 2025   
 SIGCSE TS 2025 will continue to be a hybrid event. Some aspects of the conference will be only available to in-person attendees. However, online participants will be able to participate in:  
 Keynotes 
  A selection of panels and special sessions 
  A selection of live online paper presentations 
  A selection of online tutorials 
  Nifty Assignments 
  The legendary SIGCSE Coffee Break Show 
  The online conference communication platform 
  Our hope is that this will give everyone an opportunity to present their research at the 2025 SIGCSE Technical Symposium, even if they are unable to travel, and that it will provide an affordable option to enjoy some of the symposium’s content for those that can’t attend in person. The remaining aspects of SIGCSE TS 2025—including BoFs, Demos, Lightning Talks, Posters, and the ACM Student Research Competition—will be offered only in person.   
 Authors of accepted submissions will be required to present their work in-person at the conference  , except for a limited number of papers and tutorials that are scheduled to be virtual.  
 Submission Information   
 We will be using EasyChair  for SIGCSE TS 2025.  
 We are not requiring ACM TAPS  for SIGCSE TS 2025.  
 We will be using the ACM two-column format for papers, posters, panels, special sessions, lightning talks, demos, and the ACM SRC. Tutorials and Birds-of-a-feather submissions will now use forms rather than PDFs. Nifty will continue to expect a zipped folder.  
 Submission Link  : https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sigcsets2025   
 Reviewing Information   
 To volunteer to review for SIGCSE TS 2025, please visit https://tinyurl.com/review-sigcse25  . If you are not sure whether or not you have already volunteered to review, please send email to program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org  .  
 New for 2025   
 SIGCSE-Style Workshops are now called Tutorials  : We are now referring to these three-hour interactive sessions as “Tutorials”. The submission and review process will otherwise be the same as they were last year. (Explanation: We’ve heard some confusion between SIGCSE-Style Workshops and “Workshops” that are intended to be a collection of papers.)  
 New/clarified AI Policies  : Please visit the Policies on Generative AI, LLMs, and Related Tools  menu item under the Info menu for more details.  
 Clarifications on Paper Tracks  : We’ve set up a new menu item, Choosing a Track  , to provide information on which paper track might be most appropriate. Also feel free to reach out to the program chairs at program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org  .  
 Earlier Deadlines  : Unfortunately, with SIGCSE TS occurring about three weeks earlier this year than last year, as well as the ever-increasing number of submissions, we have had to move the paper deadlines to mid/late July.  
 Important Deadlines   
  
 Round One | Papers, Panels, Special Sessions, Tutorials 
 Abstract Due Date (Papers Only) | Sunday, 14 July 2024 
 Abstract Due Time (Papers Only) | 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12h) 
 Round One Due Date | Sunday, 21 July 2024 
 Round One Due Time | 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12h) 
 Round One Notification to Authors | Monday, 30 September 2024 tentative 
 Round One final submissions due | Sunday, 17 November 2024 
 Round Two | ACM Student Research Competition, Affiliated Events, BoFs, Demos, Lightning Talks, Nifty Assignments, Posters 
 Round Two Due Date | Monday, 14 October 2024 
 Round Two Due Time | 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12h) 
 Round Two Notification to Authors | Monday, 18 November 2024 tentative 
 Round Two Final Submissions Due | Sunday 8 December 2024 

 Supporters  
   
 Platinum  

   Gold  

   Bronze  

   Are you interested in supporting the SIGCSE Technical Symposium, or being an exhibitor? Opportunities are still available! Additional information about such can be found on our Supporters & Exhibitors  page.  

  SIGCSE TS 2025   
   
 Keynotes  | Papers  | Panels  | Special Sessions  | Tutorials  | ACM Student Research Competition  | Birds of a Feather  | Demos  | Lightning Talks  | Nifty Assignments  | Posters  | Affiliated Events  | Journal First  | Supporter Sessions  | Logistics    

 Supporters   

 Platinum 
 Platinum 
 Gold 
 Gold 
 Gold 
 Gold 
 Bronze 

 x  Tue 3 Dec 12:33    

  SIGCSE TS 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 SIGCSE TS 2025  
 Keynotes   
  Papers   
  Panels   
  Special Sessions   
  Tutorials   
  ACM Student Research Competition   
  Birds of a Feather   
  Demos   
  Lightning Talks   
  Nifty Assignments   
  Posters   
  Affiliated Events   
  Journal First   
  Supporter Sessions   
  Logistics    

 Attending  
 Registration   
  Hotels and Roommates   
  Venue Information   
  Student Volunteers   
  Kids' Camp   
  SIGCSE TS Travel Grant Donations   
  Safe and Respectful Environment   
  Pittsburgh Information

23. Conference SIGUCCS_2:
skip to main content    
 Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Queue 
  TechNews 
  Career Center 

 Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession   
   
 Join 
  Volunteer 
  myACM 
  Search Input    Search Submit 

  Join  Volunteer  myACM    
  Search      
   
 About ACM | About Home | About ACM 
  ACM's Mission, Vision, Core Values and Goals 
  Governance 
  ACM Council 
  Boards and Committees 
  Past Presidents 
  ACM Constitution 
  Bylaws 
  Annual Reports 
  History 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures 
  Stop Harassment 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  Policy on Complaint Process Disclosure 
  ACM Statements 
  ACM in the News 
  Media Center 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM  
 ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.  
 [Learn More about ACM...] 
  ACM Regional Councils | ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing 
  Membership | Membership Home | About Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  Ambassadors for ACM 
  People of ACM 
  ACM People in the News 
  Join 
  Renew 
  Subscribe 
  Manage your Account / myACM 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Contact Us 
  ACM Membership  
 ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.  
 [Learn More about ACM Membership...] 
  ACM Skills Bundle Add-On | Customer Service FAQs | Become an Ambassador for ACM 
  Publications | Publications Home | About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Journals 
  Magazines 
  Books 
  Conference Proceedings 
  ICPS 
  SIGs Newsletters 
  Blue Diamond Newsletter 
  Applications-Oriented Content 
  For Authors 
  Primary Article Templates 
  Open Access 
  Artifacts and Reproducibility 
  New ACM Journals 
  Propose New Publications 
  Policies 
  Report a Potential Violation 
  Ethics & Plagiarism 
  Publications Board 
  Subscribe 
  Advertise 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Publications  
 For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.  
 [Learn More about ACM Publications...] 
  Publish with ACM | Select Application-Oriented Papers | Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library 
  SIGs | Special Interest Groups Home | About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 
  Special Interest Groups  
 ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.  
 [Learn More about ACM's SIGs...] 
  Join an ACM SIG | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Conferences | Conferences Home | About Conferences 
  Conference Series 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
  ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide  
 Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.  
 [Learn More about ACM Conferences...] 
  Find an ACM Conference | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Chapters | Chapters Home | About Chapters 
  Professional Chapters 
  Student Chapters 
  Meetups 
  Newsletter 
  Calendar of Local Activities 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Annual Reports 
  Find a Chapter 
  Start a Chapter 
  Chapter Policies 
  Chapter Administrative Interface 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Chapters  
 ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.  
 [ Learn More about ACM Chapters...  ] 
  Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter | Chapter Administrative Interface | Start an ACM Chapter 
  Awards | Awards Home | About Awards 
  Award Recipients 
  ACM Fellows 
  ACM Advanced Member Grades 
  ACM Awards Committee 
  Nominate 
  Award Sponsors 
  Establish a New Award 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Awards  
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
  Affiliated Organizations 
  ACM Learning Center 
  Resources for Educators 
  Resources for Graduating Students 
  Education Board and Advisory Committee 
  Reports and Studies 
  Contact Us 
  Education  
 ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...  
 [Learn More about Education…] 
  ACM Education Advisory Committee Applications Open | Rush Shahani TechTalk | ByteCast Ep60: Xin Luna Dong 
  Learning Center | Learning Center Home | About the Learning Center 
  E-Learning 
  Member Offers 
  TechTalks 
  ByteCast 
  Resources 
  FAQs 
  Practitioner Board 
  Professional Development Committee 
  About ACM Learning Center  
 The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 80,000 online books, courses, and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training. 
  ByteCast Ep59: Nashlie Sephus | ByteCast Ep58: Wen-Mei Hwu | ByteCast Ep57: Xavier Leroy 
  Public Policy | Public Policy Home | About ACM's Public Policy Work 
  Tech Policy Council 
  Europe Tech Policy 
  US Tech Policy 
  USTPC HotTopics Webinars 
  ACM TechBriefs 
  Policy Products 
  Media Releases 
  Contact Us 
  Public Policy  
 ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...] 
  TechBrief on Data Privacy Protection | USTPC Issues Revised Statement on Remote Proctoring | ACM Europe TPC Statement on Digital Green Certificates 
  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Home | About Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
  Forming Diverse Teams 
  Words Matter 
  ACM Celebrates Awareness Months 
  ACM Code of Ethics 
  Stop Harassment 
  Contact Us 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  ACM-W 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
 Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...] 
  DEI Articles in CACM | DEI CE Webinars | How Diverse Is Your Team? 

 SIGs Home 
   About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Start a New SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Best Paper Awards 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 

 Home 
  Special Interest Groups (SIGs) 

 SIGUCCS  - Special Interest Group on University & College Computing Services  
 Join    
 The ACM Special Interest Group on University and College Computing Services (SIGUCCS) is an association of professionals who support and manage the diverse aspects of information technology services at higher education institutions by providing professional development opportunities for our members and other individuals in the field. SIGUCCS focuses on issues surrounding the support, delivery and management of information technology services on college and university campuses. Our primary goal is to offer individual members professional development opportunities through a series of volunteer member organized annual conferences. SIGUCCS sponsors an annual conference in the fall, focused on front-line support services and senior and middle management issues.  
 SIGUCCS Benefits for FY 2025  
 Member Benefits:  
 Discounted conference and workshop registration fees 
  Digital Library access for SIGUCCS-generated content 
  Opportunity to gain valuable professional experience by serving on conference organizing committees and Board-appointed committees 
  Member-only webinars on technology support and management issues 
  Community Benefits:  
 Sponsorship of ACM SIGUCCS Annual Conference 
  Penny Crane Award for distinguished service to SIGUCCS and the profession 
  Hall of Fame Awards to recognize service to SIGUCCS 
  Sponsorship of annual communications competition and awards 
  Grants to attend SIGUCCS conference 
  Structured professional networking opportunities 
  Online communities for networking and discussion 
  Online community for sharing photos from SIGUCCS conferences 
  Community discussion mailing list 
  Book club for reading and discussing professional development titles 
  Workshops for professional development (pre-conference and virtual) 
  Online newsletter 
  Community webinar series on technology support and management issues 

 About ACM 
  About ACM 
  Volunteer 
  Membership 
  Join ACM 
  Renew My Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  MyACM Sign In 
  Publications 
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
  Chapter Admin Interface 
  Chapter Activities Calendar 
  Start a Chapter 
  Special Interest Groups 
  SIGs Newsletter 
  Awards 
  About ACM's Awards 
  Conferences 
  ACM's Conferences 
  Code of Ethics 
  ACM's Code of Ethics 
  Enforcement Procedures 
  Media Center 
  ACM Media Center 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Education 
  Education Home 
  Privacy Policy 
  Privacy Policy Home 

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact Us 
  Member Services 
  Privacy Policy 
  Social Media Policy 
  Accessibility 
  Cookie Declaration 
  Copyright © 2024, ACM, Inc

24. Conference SIGMOD_1:
ACM SIGMOD/PODS  International Conference on Management of Data, June 22-27, 2025 Berlin, Germany    
   
 Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  SIGMOD Tutorial PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Conference Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Tourism 
  About Germany 
    
 Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Program  
 Accepted Papers 
  PODS Program  
 Accepted Papers 

 Important Dates  
 SIGMOD Deadlines  
 All deadlines are 11:59 PM AoE. Subscribe to the dates calendar here  .  
 Research paper submission round 1    
 Weds, Jan 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs 
  Weds, Jan 17, 2024, Paper Submission 
  Thurs, Feb 29, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject 
  Thurs, Mar 7, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan 
  Thurs, Mar 21, 2024, Revision Feedback 
  Thurs, May 2, 2024, Final Notification 
   
 Research paper submission round 2    
 Weds, Apr 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs 
  Weds, Apr 17, 2024, Paper Submission 
  Thurs, May 30, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject 
  Thurs, Jun 6, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan 
  Thurs, Jun 20, 2024, Revision Feedback 
  Thurs, Aug 1, 2024, Final Notification 
   
 Research paper submission round 3    
 Weds, Jul 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs 
  Weds, Jul 17, 2024, Paper Submission 
  Thurs, Aug 29, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject 
  Thurs, Sep 5, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan 
  Thurs, Sep 19, 2024, Revision Feedback 
  Thurs, Oct 31, 2024, Final Notification 
   
 Research paper submission round 4    
 Thurs, Oct 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs 
  Thurs, Oct 17, 2024, Paper Submission 
  Thurs, Nov 28, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject 
  Thurs, Dec 5, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan 
  Thurs, Dec 19, 2024, Revision Feedback 
  Thurs, Jan 30, 2025, Final Notification 

  Industry paper submission    
 Mon, Dec 9, 2024, Paper Submission 
  Mon, Feb 24, 2025, Notification of Accept/Reject 

  PODS Deadlines  
 FIRST SUBMISSION CYCLE (All Deadlines are 5 PM Pacific Time)    
 Abstract deadline: May 31, 2024 
  Full paper submission deadline: June 7, 2024 
  Rebuttal: July 29 - August 1, 2024 
  Initial notification: August 12, 2024 
  Revision submission: August 26, 2024 
  Final notification: September 2, 2024 
   
 SECOND SUBMISSION CYCLE (All Deadlines are 5 PM Pacific Time)    
 Abstract deadline: December 2, 2024 
  Full paper submission deadline: December 9, 2024 
  Rebuttal: February 3-7, 2025 
  Initial notification: February 14, 2025 
  Revision submission: February 28, 2025 
  Final notification: March 7, 2025 

 Credits   
  Follow our progress:

25. Conference SIGMOD_2:
ACM SIGMOD/PODS  International Conference on Management of Data, June 22-27, 2025 Berlin, Germany    
   
 Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  SIGMOD Tutorial PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Conference Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Tourism 
  About Germany 
    
 Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Program  
 Accepted Papers 
  PODS Program  
 Accepted Papers 

 SIGMOD 2025 CALL FOR RESEARCH PAPERS  
 Berlin, Germany, 2025, https://2025.sigmod.org   
 ACM SIGMOD is a leading international forum for data management research. Through the conference, participants will explore cutting edge ideas and results, and exchange techniques, tools and experiences.  
 Major Changes from Prior Years  
 Please make note of the following changes well before you submit your paper:  
 1 Year Wait: | Rejected papers cannot be submitted to SIGMOD until a full year has passed. I.e. a paper rejected at Round 4 of SIGMOD 2024 can only be resubmitted to Round 4 of SIGMOD 2025. A paper rejected at Round 2 can be resubmited to Round 2, 3, and 4 of SIGMOD 2025. 
  ORCIDs: | ORCIDs are required for all authors at the time of abstract submission. See | Submission Guidelines | . 
  Abstract, COIs and Paper Submission Dates: | Abstracts and COIs are submitted a week ahead of the main paper submission on Jan 10, Apr 10, Jul 10 or Oct 10. See | Dates | . 
  No Special Tracks: | Previous data-intensive and data science applications tracks are now folded into the main research track, although they retain unique criteria. See | Topics | . 
  No Author Feedback Phase: | There will be no author feedback phase this year. See | Review Process | . 
  Shepherding in place of Revision Requirements: | Initial feedback from reviews will be an unambiguous Accept or Reject. Accepted papers may have revision requirements from the reviews; a shepherd will assist authors of accepted papers in meeting these requirements. See | Review Process | . 
  Posters and Random Selection for Presentation: | Every accepted paper will be allocated a poster presentation slot. However, due to ever-increasing numbers of accepted papers, there will not be a speaking slot for each accepted paper in 2025. Instead, speaking slots will be allocated via random sampling among accepted papers. See | Presentation | . 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
  
 Topics 
  Dates 
  Dissemination 
  Presentation 
  Review Process 
  Submission Guidelines 
  TOPICS  
 We invite submissions in the following topics:  
 Data Management Systems   
 Benchmarking, monitoring, testing, and tuning database systems 
  Cloud, distributed, decentralized and parallel data management 
  Database systems on emerging hardware 
  Embedded databases, IoT and Sensor networks 
  Storage, indexing, and physical database design 
  Query processing and optimization 
  Transaction processing 
  Data warehousing, OLAP, Analytics 
   
 Models and Languages   
 Data models and semantics 
  Declarative programming languages and optimization 
  Spatial and temporal data management 
  Graphs, social networks, web data, and semantic web 
  Multimedia and information retrieval 
  Uncertain, probabilistic, and approximate databases 
  Streams and complex event processing 
   
 Human-Centric Data Management   
 Data exploration, visualization, query languages, and user interfaces 
  Crowdsourced and collaborative data management 
  User-centric and human-in-the-loop data management 
  Natural language processing for databases 
   
 Data Governance   
 Data provenance and workflows 
  Data integration, information extraction, and schema matching 
  Data quality, data cleaning 
  Data security, privacy, and access control 
  Responsible data management and data fairness 
  Metadata Management 
   
 Modern AI & Data Management   
 Structured queries over unstructured data: images, video, natural language, etc. 
  Natural language queries 
  Machine learning methods for database engine internals 
  Machine learning methods for database tuning 
  Data management and metadata for machine learning pipelines 
  Knowledge base management 
  Data mining 
  Prescriptive Analytics 
   
 Data-Driven Applications   
 Data-intensive (DI) applications 
  Data Science (DS) pipelines 
  Note that submissions in this topic should: | Focus on data life cycle and pipelines in DS applications OR novel data management in DI fields outside our core (e.g., graphics, networking, astronomy). 
  Detail deployed solutions for DS or DI applications. 
  Share real-world experiences. 
  Provide access to systems, datasets, query logs, benchmarks. 
  Describe the impact of the contribution on future research. 
   
 DATES  
 All deadlines are 11:59 PM AoE. Subscribe to the dates calendar here  .  
 Round 1   
  Weds, Jan 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs  
  Weds, Jan 17, 2024, Paper Submission  
  Thurs, Feb 29, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject  
  Thurs, Mar 7, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan  
  Thurs, Mar 21, 2024, Revision Feedback  
  Thurs, May 2, 2024, Final Notification  
   
 Round 2   
  Weds, Apr 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs  
  Weds, Apr 17, 2024, Paper Submission  
  Thurs, May 30, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject  
  Thurs, Jun 6, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan  
  Thurs, Jun 20, 2024, Revision Feedback  
  Thurs, Aug 1, 2024, Final Notification  
   
 Round 3   
  Weds, Jul 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs  
  Weds, Jul 17, 2024, Paper Submission  
  Thurs, Aug 29, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject  
  Thurs, Sep 5, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan  
  Thurs, Sep 19, 2024, Revision Feedback  
  Thurs, Oct 31, 2024, Final Notification  
   
 Round 4   
  Thurs, Oct 10, 2024, Abstract Submission and Declaration of COIs  
  Thurs, Oct 17, 2024, Paper Submission  
  Thurs, Nov 28, 2024, Notification of Accept/Review/Reject  
  Thurs, Dec 5, 2024, Submission of Revision Plan  
  Thurs, Dec 19, 2024, Revision Feedback  
  Thurs, Jan 30, 2025, Final Notification  
   
 DISSEMINATION  
 The rights of all ACM published authors are detailed at: https://authors.acm.org/author-services/author-rights   
 All accepted papers will also appear in a timely manner in an archival journal: Proceedings of the ACM on Management of Data (PACMMOD) at https://dl.acm.org/journal/pacmmod  .  
 PRESENTATION  
 Authors of accepted publications will be assigned a time to present a poster of their work at the poster plenaries in the conference. All papers are strongly encouraged to present a poster at these plenaries.  
 The number of SIGMOD submissions has been growing steadily over many years. To accommodate publication growth while maintaining an engaging and communal in-person conference, SIGMOD 2025 will randomly  select a subset of accepted papers for presentation at the conference. Authors of randomly selected papers will be invited to present their paper in a speaking slot at the conference.  
 A random sample of papers ensures a fair selection process, reflects the main themes of the pool of accepted papers, and maintains the principle that all papers regardless of presentation selection are of full SIGMOD quality.  
 REVIEW PROCESS  
 Each submission will receive three  reviews.  
  In response to community feedback, there will be no  author feedback this year. Moreover, unlike past years, all papers will receive an initial Accept or Reject decision upon completion of reviews. In lieu of the revision requests from prior years, many accepted papers will be assigned a shepherd  to guide authors through revisions. Final acceptance is contingent upon satisfying shepherding requests.  
   
 Timeline   
 These are rough timelines that are subject to change.  
 Submission to Notification is 6 weeks   
  
 Week |  
 0 | Abstract Bidding & Reviewer Assignment 
 1 | Submission and Review 
 2 | Review 
 3 | Review 
 4 | Discussion 
 5 | Discussion 
 6 | Discussion, Shepherd Selection (for all accepted papers; usually main champion) 

 Notification to Final Submission is 9 weeks   
  Rejected papers cannot be submitted to SIGMOD until a full year has passed.  

 Week |  
 1 | Authors create and submit revision plan 
 2 | Shepherd reviews plan and submits feedback 
 3 | Shepherd reviews plan and submits feedback 
 4-8 | Authors revise and resubmit 
 9 | Shepherd, AE, Reviewers make final acceptance/rejection decision 

 Common revision requests can include  
 justify a crucial assumption, 
  improve motivation of the potential benefits of the work, 
  clean up notation, tighten presentation, 
  compare against specific relevant prior work, 
  show experimental results with better data, such as at larger scale or with richer statistical properties. 
   
 Revision requests must be reasonably achievable in time for resubmission, and will not be requested to address lack of technical depth or novelty or where the revised paper will address a substantially different problem from the original.  
 One extra content page is allowed to accommodate the requested revision items. The revised submission should include a cover letter (up to 4 pages) to summarize how the authors have addressed the requested revisions.  
 In addition to the revised submission and cover letter, authors are encouraged to include a visual diff of the original and revised versions (e.g. via latexdiff or word processing tools that Track Changes).  
 SUBMISSION GUIDELINES  

 Submission Link | https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/SIGMOD2025 
 Submission Paper length | 12 pages excluding references 
 Appendix | No Appendix 
 Camera Ready Paper length | 13 pages excluding references, no appendix 
 File type and size | PDF (<= 10 MB) 
 Paper size | Letter (8.5” x 11”) 
 Format | 2-column ACM Proceedings format: Latex: | sample-sigconf.tex (version 2e) 
  Word: | Interim layout.docx 
  Overleaf: | ACM’s official 2-column template 
 Anonymity | Double-anonymity (see below) 

 No changes to author lists are allowed after submission. 
  No changes to title are allowed after submission except by AE request. 
  Accepted papers will need to be ported to the PACMMOD format for final publication. Do not use PACMMOD format for submission or review. 
   
 Declaring Conflicts of Interest (COI)   
   
 Each author | is responsible for entering their | ORCID | , own individual domain and PC conflicts on CMT. You can mark your conflicts by clicking on your name (upper right-hand side on CMT) and selecting ''Domain Conflicts'' and ''Individual Conflicts''. We expect authors to have a single unique ORCID: the one used at submission will be used for publication. 
  An author's declared conflicts will be automatically applied to all of their submissions. 
  Conflicts are | not | declared per submission. 
  Conflict declaration must occur prior to paper submission. 
   
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify all and only their potential conflict-of-interest PC members.  
 Papers with incorrect or incomplete COI information as of the submission closing time are subject to immediate rejection.  
 Definition of Conflict of Interest   
  A paper author has a conflict of interest with a PC member when, and only when, one or more of the following conditions holds:  
 The PC member is a co-author of the paper. 
  The PC member has been a co-worker in the same company or university within the past five years. | 1 
  The PC member has been a collaborator within the past five years. | 2 
  The PC member is or was the author's primary thesis advisor, or post-doctoral advisor, no matter how long ago. 
  The author is or was the PC member's primary thesis advisor, or post-doctoral advisor, no matter how long ago. 
  The PC member is a relative or close personal friend of the author. 
   
 1  Short-term associations, such as summer internships do not constitute institutional COIs. E.g., a student who interned at Microsoft should declare as conflicts any individuals in the group they worked with and other collaborators on their projects, but they should not declare a domain conflict with microsoft.com.  
 2  Collaborations are indicated by prior co-authorships, shared grant funding, and close research relationships, even if those have not yet resulted in common publications. Publications (typically with a large set of authors) that fall outside the traditional sense of research collaborations (e.g., “The Seattle Report on Database Research”, “ Diversity and Inclusion Activities in Database Conferences: A 2021 Report”, etc.) do not in themselves constitute a COI.  
 To identify any potentially spurious conflicts, PC members may be asked to confirm declared conflicts with submitting authors.  
 Duplicate Submissions and Novelty Requirement   
  Following the ACM guidelines  a research paper submitted to SIGMOD 2025 cannot be under review for any other publishing forum or presentation venue, including conferences, workshops, and journals, during the time it is being considered for SIGMOD. Furthermore, after you submit a research paper to SIGMOD, you must await the response from SIGMOD and only re-submit elsewhere if your paper is rejected — or withdrawn at your request — from SIGMOD. This restriction applies not only to identical papers but also to papers with a substantial overlap in scientific content and results.  
 To enforce this requirement, the high-level metadata of submissions (title, abstract, list of authors), may be shared with the Program Chairs / Editors of other conferences and journals.  
 Every research paper submitted to SIGMOD 2025 must present substantial novel research not described in any prior publication. In this context, a prior publication is (a) a paper of five pages or more, presented, or accepted for presentation, at a refereed conference or workshop with proceedings; or (b) an article published, or accepted for publication, in a refereed journal. If a SIGMOD 2025 submission has overlap with a prior publication, the submission must cite the prior publication (respecting the double anonymity requirement), and clearly indicate which parts of the work appeared in prior publications and which parts are novel to the current submission.  
 Any violation of this policy will result in the immediate rejection of the submission, as well as in notification to the members of the SIGMOD Executive Committee, the members of the SIGMOD PC, and the editors or chairs of any other forums involved.   
 Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects   
  As a published ACM author, you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies  , including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  .  
 Inclusion and Diversity in Writing   
  We value Diversity and Inclusion in our community and professions. Both are important in our writing as well. Diversity of representation in writing is a simple but visible avenue to celebrate and ultimately help improve our community's diversity. Be mindful in your writing of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Be vigilant and guard against unintentionally exclusionary examples.  
 Please visit this page for many examples of both exclusionary writing to avoid and inclusive writing that celebrates diversity to consider adopting: https://dbdni.github.io/pages/inclusivewriting.html  .  
 Authors are further encouraged to follow the tips and guidelines provided at: https://dbdni.github.io/#materials  .  
 Reviewers will be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise. Going further, also consider actively raising the representation of URGs in writing.  
 Please see https://www.acm.org/diversity-inclusion/words-matter  for inclusive alternatives for some of the terms commonly used in the computing profession.  
 Policy on Authorship Requirements   
  We follow the ACM policy on authorship requirements  . Specifically on the use of generative AI tools and technologies, the guidelines note that: "Generative AI tools and technologies, such as ChatGPT, may not be listed as authors of an ACM published Work. The use of generative AI tools and technologies to create content is permitted but must be fully disclosed in the Work. For example, the authors could include the following statement in the Acknowledgements section of the Work: ChatGPT was utilized to generate sections of this Work, including text, tables, graphs, code, data, citations, etc.). If you are uncertain about the need to disclose the use of a particular tool, err on the side of caution, and include a disclosure in the acknowledgements section of the Work."  
 Anonymity Requirements for all submissions   
  Research track submissions are subject to the double-anonymity requirement.  
 Every research track paper submitted to SIGMOD 2025 will undergo a double-anonymous reviewing process, following the three principles put forward in | (Snodgrass 2007) | : authors should not be required to go to great lengths to anonymize their submissions; comprehensiveness of the review trumps anonymizing efficacy. AEs retain flexibility and authority in managing the reviewing process. 
  PC members and referees, except the Associate Editors, who review the submission will not know the identity of the authors. To ensure anonymity of authorship from the PC members and referees, authors must at least do the following: Authors' names and affiliations must not appear on the title page or elsewhere in the submission. 
  Funding sources must not be acknowledged anywhere in the submission. 
  Research group members, or other colleagues or collaborators, must not be acknowledged anywhere in the submission. 
  The paper’s file name must not identify the authors of the submission. 
  Source file naming must also be done with care, to avoid identifying the authors' names in the submission's associated metadata. For example, if your name is Jane Smith and you submit a PDF file generated from a .dvi file called Jane-Smith.dvi, your authorship could be inferred by looking into the PDF file. 
   
 To avoid compromising the double-anonymity requirement, we request that the authors refrain from publicizing and uploading versions of their submitted manuscripts to pre-publication servers, such as arXiv, and other online forums during the reviewing period. If a version of a submission already resides on a pre-publication server, such as arXiv, the authors do not need to remove it before submitting to SIGMOD.  
 You must also use care in referring to related past work, particularly your own, in the paper. For example, if you are Jane Smith, the following text gives away the authorship of the submitted paper:  
 In our previous work [1, 2], we presented two algorithms for ... In this paper, we build on that work by ... Bibliography [1] Jane Smith, "A Simple Algorithm for ...," Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 1997, pp. 1 - 10. [2] Jane Smith, "A More Complicated Algorithm for ...," Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 1998, pp. 34 - 44.   
 The solution is to reference one's past work in the third person. This allows setting the context for your submission, while at the same time preserving anonymity:  
 In previous work [1, 2], algorithms were presented for ... In this paper, we build on that work by ... Bibliography [1] Jane Smith, "A Simple Algorithm for ...," Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 1997, pp. 1 - 10. [2] Jane Smith, "A More Complicated Algorithm for ...," Proceedings of ACM SIGMOD 1998, pp. 34 - 44.   
 Despite the anonymity requirements, you should still include all relevant work of your own in the references, using the above style; omitting them could potentially reveal your identity by negation. However, self-references should be limited to the essential ones, and extended versions of the submitted paper (e.g., technical reports or URLs for downloadable versions) must not be referenced.  
 Common sense and careful writing can go a long way toward preserving anonymity without diminishing the quality or impact of a paper. The goal is to preserve anonymity while still allowing the reader to fully grasp the context (related past work, including your own) of the submitted paper. In past years, this goal has been achieved successfully by thousands of papers.  
 It is the responsibility of authors to do their very best to preserve anonymity. Papers that do not follow the guidelines here, or otherwise potentially reveal the identity of the authors, are subject to immediate rejection.  
 No exceptions will be made to the double anonymity requirement for Research Track papers. If the authors of a submission feel that double anonymity needs to be violated, for example to reveal the identity of a system, they may consider submission to a SIGMOD track that does not impose a double anonymity requirement, such as the Industry Track.  
 Artifacts and Reproducibility   
  SIGMOD strives to establish a culture where sharing research artifacts (data, results, code, and scripts) is the norm rather than an exception. SIGMOD reproducibility has three goals: (a) Highlighting the impact of database research papers; (b) enabling easy dissemination of research results; and (c) enabling easy sharing of code and experimentation set-ups. In this context, we expect all papers to make their code, data, scripts, and notebooks available if this is possible. Although it is not mandatory for acceptance, providing this extra material can help reviewers evaluate your work more thoroughly. Papers published at SIGMOD which have been successfully reproduced are also recognized and highlighted as such in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Please include a link with your materials in the text box provided in the submission form at the time of submission. For all Research Track submissions, the link and materials should preserve anonymity. For example this may be an anonymous GitHub repository. You may want to make sure that the link you provide is not indexed by search engines. On GitHub, you can do so by adding the following to the page head:  
 <meta name="robots" content="noindex">   
 We recognize that at the time of submission authors focus on fine-tuning the paper, and so we expect this link to be live within one week from submission. Reviewers that may need to look at the materials will not do so earlier than that. We do not expect a fully polished submission in terms of automatically reproducing results, but rather a reasonably clean version of the state of the code when submitting the paper. Please, do not use a shortened link which traces who accesses it.  
 In the event that you are not able to submit your code, data, scripts, and notebooks please explain in the text box provided in the submission form why this is the case.

26. Conference SACMAT_0:
ACM Symposium on Access Control Models and Technologies (SACMAT), 1995 onwards   
  Previously ACM Workshop on Role-Based Access Control (RBAC), 1995-2000   
     Home page for 29th SACMAT, May 15-17, 2024. 
  SACMAT Steering Committee 
  SACMAT (and prior RBAC) Proceedings 

 ACM SIGSAC Last Update: October 6, 2023 
 SIGSAC HOME  || TISSEC HOME  || ACM HOME  || ABOUT ACM  || MEMBERSHIP 
 ©2009 Association for Computing Machinery

27. Conference Group_0:
GROUP 2025    
 The ACM  international conference on  Supporting Group Work January 12-15, 2025   

 Home 
  For Authors | Papers 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Posters, Demos, and Case Studies 
  Workshops 
  For Attendees | Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Explore HHI & Beyond 
  Visa Support 
  Student Volunteers 
  Travel Funding 
  Accessibility FAQ 
  Sponsors 
  Program | Workshops 
  Opening Keynote 
  Committee | Organization 
  Program 
  Steering 
   
 ANNOUNCEMENTS  
 Join Us as a Student Volunteer!   

 Connect  
 Twitter   

 Welcome to GROUP 2025!  
 ACM International Conference on Supporting Group Work, a PACM:HCI Affiliated Conference will be held at Omni Hilton Head Oceanfront Resort, Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, USA, January 12-15, 2025.  
 The ACM International Conference on Supporting Group Work (GROUP) is a premier yet intimate and welcoming venue for research on Computer Supported Cooperative Work, Sociotechnical Studies, Practice-Centered Computing, Human Computer Interaction, Computer Supported Collaborative Learning, Open Source Software, and related endeavors. Details about the conference organization and attendance are currently work in progress and more information will be provided on demand and on the conference website in the coming months.  
 Key goals for the program are to encourage and facilitate researchers within CSCW, HCI for practice-centered computing, and sociotechnical studies to interact and to present recent research contributions. We also encourage research contributions from interdisciplinary groups to present work that might be difficult to place within one simple category. We are open to diverse and innovative research methods, and to contributions across broad areas such as systems, societies, participation, critique, collaboration, and human interaction. GROUP 2025 in particular would like to encourage cross-disciplinary research across computing, social science, law, and algorithmic systems design, as well as researchers from industry, academia, government, and other interested groups to participate.  
 Our hope is that GROUP 2025 will be held as an in-person, physical event.  
 Conference Chairs   
 Guo Freeman, Clemson University, USA  
  David Unbehaun, Clausthal University of Technology and University of Siegen, Germany  
   
 [email protected]    
 Sponsors and Supporters  

 Links  
 Papers CfP    
 Doctoral Consortium CfP    
 Posters, Demos, and Case Studies CfP    
 Workshops CfP    
 Important Dates  
 All deadlines below are at 23:59 Anywhere on Earth (AoE)  .  Full Paper Second Wave Submissions  
 All deadlines below are at 23:59 Anywhere on Earth (AoE)  .  Abstract and Title Submission: May 1, 2024 
  Submission Deadline: May 8, 2024 
  1st Round Reviews and Notifications: July 24, 2024 
  Resubmit Contributions Invited for Revision: August 21, 2024 
  2nd Round Decisions:  
  October 2, 2024 
  Full Paper First Wave Submissions  
 Submission Deadline: June 7, 2023 
  Additional CfPs  
 Workshop Proposals Deadline: July 15, 2024 
  Doctoral Consortium Deadline: September 23, 2024 
  Posters, Demos, and Case Studies Deadline: September 30, 2024 
  Doctoral Consortium Supporter  

  GROUP 2025 | Copyright © 2024

28. Conference SIGUCCS_3:


29. Conference SIGCSE_1:
Blogs (1) >>  SIGCSE TS 2025   Wed 26 February - Sat 1 March 2025 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Registration 
  Hotels and Roommates 
  Venue Information 
  Student Volunteers 
  Kids' Camp 
  SIGCSE TS Travel Grant Donations 
  Safe and Respectful Environment 
  Pittsburgh Information 
  Info | Accessibility Tips for Authors 
  Exhibitors & Supporters 
  Authorship Policies 
  General Policies 
  Reviewer Information and Guidelines 
  Topics 
  Policies on Generative AI, LLMs, and Related Tools 
  Program | SIGCSE TS Program 
  Your Program 
   Wed 26 Feb 
  Thu 27 Feb 
  Fri 28 Feb 
  Sat 1 Mar 
  Tracks | SIGCSE TS 2025 
  Keynotes 
  Papers 
  Panels 
  Special Sessions 
  Tutorials 
  ACM Student Research Competition 
  Birds of a Feather 
  Demos 
  Lightning Talks 
  Nifty Assignments 
  Posters 
  Affiliated Events 
  Journal First 
  Supporter Sessions 
  Logistics 
  Organization | SIGCSE TS 2025 Committees 
  Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Hybrid Committee 
  Ethics Facilitators 
  Subcommittee: Global 
  Subcommittee: DEIA 
  Track Committees 
  Papers 
  Panels 
  Special Sessions 
  Tutorials 
  ACM Student Research Competition 
  Birds of a Feather 
  Demos 
  Lightning Talks 
  Nifty Assignments 
  Posters 
  Affiliated Events 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SIGCSE TS 2025 
  SIGCSE TS 2024 
  SIGCSE TS 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  SIGCSE TS 2025  ( series  ) /  Papers SIGCSE TS 2025   
   
 About 
  Program 
  Instructions for Authors 
  Choosing a Track 
  Author Checklist 
  Instructions for Reviewers 
  Reviewer FAQ 
  Review Forms 
  Post-Acceptance and Presentation Information 
  Deadlines and Submission 
  Papers describe an educational research project, classroom experience, teaching technique, curricular initiative, or pedagogical tool in the computing content domain. All papers submitted to the SIGCSE TS should be original work that complies with the ACM authorship policies. SIGCSE TS considers papers in three distinct tracks, each with their own unique expectations. See further details below.  
 Paper Tracks   
 Please ensure that you submit your paper to the correct paper track by reading the the Reviewing Guidelines  . Papers will be reviewed for the track they are submitted to and will not  be moved between tracks. Any submissions made to more than one track will be desk rejected from both tracks.  
 Computing Education Research  . The primary purpose of Computing Education Research (CER) papers is to advance what is known about the teaching and learning of computing. CER papers are reviewed relative to the clarity of the research questions posed, the relevance of the work in light of prior literature and theory, the soundness of the methods to address the questions posed, and the overall contribution. Both qualitative and quantitative research is welcomed, as are replication studies and papers that present null or negative results. 
  Experience Reports and Tools  . The primary purpose of Experience Reports and Tools (ERT) papers is observational in nature, and ERT papers should carefully describe the development and use of a computing education approach or tool, the context of its use including the formative data collected, and provide a rich reflection on what did or didn’t work, and why. ERT contributions should be motivated by prior literature and should highlight the novelty of the experience or tool presented. ERT papers differ from CER papers in that they frame their contributions to enable adoption by other practitioners, rather than focusing on the generalizability or transferability of findings, or threats to validity. 
  Position and Curricula Initiative  . The primary purpose of Position and Curricula Initiative (PCI) papers is to present a coherent argument about a computing education topic, including, but not limited to curriculum or program design, practical and social issues facing computing educators, and critiques of existing practices. PCI papers should substantiate their claims using evidence in the form of thorough literature reviews, analysis of secondary data collected by others, or another appropriate rhetorical approach. In contrast to CER papers, PCI papers need not present original data or adhere to typical qualitative or quantitative research methods. PCI papers differ from ERT papers in that they do not necessarily report on individual experiences, programs or tools, but rather they may focus on broader concerns to the community. 
  Papers submitted to all tracks should address one or more computing content topic. Authors will be asked to select between 3 and 7 topics from this list  at the time of submission. Papers deemed outside the scope of symposium by the program chairs will be desk rejected without review.  
 Authors submitting work to SIGCSE TS 2025 are responsible for complying with all applicable conference authorship policies  and those articulated by ACM  . If you have questions about any of these policies, please contact program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org  for clarification prior to submission.  
 ACM has made a commitment to collect ORCiD IDs from all published authors ( https://authors.acm.org/author-resources/orcid-faqs  ). All authors on each submission must have an ORCiD ID ( https://orcid.org/register  ) in order to complete the submission process. Please make sure to get your ORCiD ID in advance of submitting your work.  
 Presentation Modality   
 Papers at SIGCSE TS 2025 can be presented either in-person using a traditional paper session or online via a limited number of synchronous Zoom session with Q/A. The online zoom presenters will be scheduled to present synchronously during the conference days just like the in-person presenters. Authors of accepted submissions must commit to one of these two presentation modalities in a timely manner to facilitate conference planning: due to additional costs, there will be a limited number of rooms set up with cameras and the necessary zoom session licenses. Registration rates for online presenters are likely to be comparable to those for in-person attendees and higher than that of online-only attendees, which will help offset the additional costs of supporting online presentation. Further instructions and information will be provided in acceptance notifications. Pre-recorded videos will NOT be required.  
   
 Dates    

  This program is tentative and subject to change.  
   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-09:00) Alaska  (GMT-08:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-07:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-05:00) Easter Island  (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-05:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-03:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-04:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-04:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-03:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-03:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-03:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT-01:00) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT) Belfast  (GMT) Dublin  (GMT) Lisbon  (GMT) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+01:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+01:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+01:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+02:00) Athens  (GMT+02:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+02:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+02:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+10:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+11:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+11:00) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+12:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+13:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+13:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Thu 27 Feb   
  
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      

 10:45 - 12:00 | CS1 Large Class Experiences/Tools Papers   at Meeting Room 406 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Coordinate: A Virtual Classroom Management Tool For Large Computer Science Courses Using Discord   Papers   
 Cameron Brown  University of Florida  , Laura Cruz Castro  University of Florida 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Investigating the Presence and Development of Student Instructor Preferences in a Large-Scale CS1 Course   Papers   
 Yiqiu Zhou  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Luc Paquette  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Geoffrey Challen  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | TA Bot Report: AI Assistants in CS1 Save Students Homework Time and Reduce Demands on Staff. (Now What?)   Papers   
 J.D. Zamfirescu-Pereira  UC Berkeley  , Laryn Qi  University of California, Berkeley  , Bjoern Hartmann  UC Berkeley  , John DeNero  UC Berkeley  , Narges Norouzi  University of California, Berkeley 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | The Impact of Group Discussion and Formation on Student Performance: An Experience Report in a Large CS1 Course   Papers   
 Tong Wu  Virginia Tech  , Xiaohang Tang  Virginia Tech  , Sam Wong   , Xi Chen   , Cliff Shaffer  Virginia Tech  , Yan Chen  Virginia Tech, USA 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Improving Student Success [Online] Papers   at Meeting Rooms 302-303 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Supporting Inclusive Computing: A Graduate Course to Prepare Future Faculty Online      Papers   
 Kari George  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Tool-Assisted Learning of Computational Reductions Online    Global      Papers   
 Tristan Kneisel  Ruhr University Bochum  , Elias Radtke  Ruhr University Bochum  , Marko Schmellenkamp  Ruhr University Bochum  , Fabian Vehlken  Ruhr University Bochum  , Thomas Zeume  Ruhr University Bochum 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Towards Integrating Behavior-Driven Development in Mobile Development: An Experience Report Online      Papers   
 Qiang Hao  Western Washington University  , Ruohan Liu  Seattle University 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Evaluation of Systems Programming Exercises through Tailored Static Analysis Online      Papers   
 Roberto Natella  Federico II University of Naples 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Discrete Math Papers   at Meeting Rooms 306-307 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Mathematical underpinnings of algorithms via in-class activities   Papers   
 Ivona Bezakova  Rochester Institute of Technology 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Measuring the Impact of Distractors on Student Learning Gains while Using Proof Blocks   Papers   
 Seth Poulsen  Utah State University  , Hongxuan Chen  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Yael Gertner  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Benjamin Cosman  University of California at San Diego, USA  , Matthew West  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Geoffrey Herman  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Satisfactory for all: supporting mastery learning with human-in-the-loop assessments in a discrete math course   Papers   
 Shao-Heng Ko  Duke University  , Alex Chao  Duke University  , Violet Pang  Duke University 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Students' Thoughts on Discrete Mathematics: Insights for Practice and Implications for Future Research   Papers   
 David Magda  University of Florida  , Christina Gardner-McCune  Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Ethics Papers   at Meeting Rooms 310-311 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | 'Do I Have to Take This Class?': A Review of Ethics Requirements in Computer Science Curricula   Papers   
 James Weichert  Virginia Tech  , Dayoung Kim  Virginia Tech  , Qin Zhu  Virginia Tech  , Hoda Eldardiry  Virginia Tech 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Enhancing University Curricula with Integrated AI Ethics Education: A Comprehensive Approach MSI      Papers   
 Debzani Deb  Winston-Salem State University  , Greg Taylor  Winston-Salem State University  , Scott Betz  Winston-Salem State University  , Bao Anh T Maddux  Winston-Salem State University  , Charles Edward Ebert  Winston-Salem State University  , Flourice W. Richardson  Winston-Salem State University  , Jeanine Lino S Couto  Winston-Salem State University  , Michael S. Jarrett  Winston-Salem State University  , Zagros Madjd-Sadjadi  Winston-Salem State University 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Experience Report: Using Narratives to Teach Responsible Computing in the U.S. and Nigeria Global      Papers   
 Stacy Doore  Colby College  , Omowumi Ogunyemi  Pan-Atlantic University  , Alexandra Gillespie  Colby College  , Michael Yankoski  Colby College 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Towards a More Inclusive Curriculum: Opportunities for Broadening and Diversifying Computing Ethics Education   Papers   
 Grace Barkhuff  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Jason Borenstein  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Daniel Schiff  Purdue University  , Judith Uchidiuno  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Ellen Zegura  Georgia Institute of Technology 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Cybersecurity Curricular Issues Papers   at Meeting Rooms 315-316 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | An Evidence-Based Curriculum Initiative for Hardware Reverse Engineering Education Global      Papers   
 René Walendy  Ruhr University Bochum, Max Planck Institute for Security and Privacy  , Markus Weber  Ruhr University Bochum  , Steffen Becker  Ruhr University Bochum  , Christof Paar  Max Planck Institute for Security and Privacy  , Nikol Rummel  Ruhr University Bochum, Center for Advanced Internet Studies (CAIS) 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Bridging the community college cybersecurity classroom and workplace with the CyberSim Lab CC      Papers   
 Judeth Oden Choi  Carnegie Mellon University  , Rotem Guttman  Carnegie Mellon University  , Matthew Kisow  Community College of Allegheny College  , Carolyn Penstein Rose  Carnegie Mellon University Language Technologies Institute  , William R. Nichols  Carnegie Mellon University/Software Engineering Institute  , James Winyard  Community College of Allegheny College  , Bruce Li  Carnegie Mellon University  , Lee Branstetter  Carnegie Mellon University  , Lauren Herckis  CGFNS International, Inc. and Carnegie Mellon University (On Leave) 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Cybersecurity Study Programs: What's in a Name? Global      Papers   
 Jan Vykopal  Masaryk University  , Valdemar Švábenský  Kyushu University  , Michael T. Lopez II  Ateneo de Manila University  , Pavel Čeleda  Masaryk University 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Strengthening Workforce Education: Excellence in Programming Securely (SWEEPS)   Papers   
 Deborah Kariuki  University of Maryland, Baltimore County  , Ida Ngambeki  University of Maryland Baltimore County  , Jun Dai  Worcester Polytechnic Institute  , Matt Bishop  The University of California, Davis  , Xiaoyan Sun  Worcester Polytechnic Institute  , Melissa Dark  Dark Enterprises, Inc.  , Jenny Daugherty  Dark Enterprises, Inc.  , Alex Lowrie  University of California, Davis  , Markus Geissler  Cosumnes River College  , Phil Nico  California Polytechnic State University  , Arshad Noor  StrongKey, Inc. 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Graphical Tools Papers   at Meeting Rooms 317-318 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Educator Experiences with Automated Marking of Programming Assessments in a Computer Graphics-based Design Course Global      Papers   
 Steffan Hooper  University of Auckland  , Burkhard Wünsche  University of Auckland  , Paul Denny  The University of Auckland  , Andrew Luxton-Reilly  The University of Auckland  , Nick Konings  University of Auckland  , Angus Donald Campbell  University of Auckland 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | NeuRL: A Standalone No-Code Web-Based Agent Environment to Explore Neural Networks and Reinforcement Learning CC      Papers   
 Scott Siegel  Biomedical Engineering, University of Florida  , Amanpreet Kapoor  University of Florida, USA  , Parisa Rashidi  Biomedical Engineering, University of Florida 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Tensor-Viz:Visualizing GPU Programming in AI Courses MSI      Papers   
 Tejas Ramesh  George Mason University, USA  , Alexander Rush  Cornell University  , Xu Liu  North Carolina State University  , Binqian Yin  Department of Computer Science, George Mason University  , Keren Zhou  George Mason University  , Shuyin Jiao  North Carolina State University 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | VisOpt – Visualization of Compiler Optimizations for Computer Science Education Global      Papers   
 Roxane Koitz-Hristov  Graz University of Technology  , Franz Mandl  Graz University of Technology  , Franz Wotawa  Graz University of Technology 

 13:45 - 15:00 | CS Research/Tools Papers   at Meeting Room 406 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Accelerating Accurate Assignment Authoring Using Solution-Generated Autograders   Papers   
 Geoffrey Challen  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Ben Nordick  CodeAwakening, LLC 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | An Analysis of Students' Testing Processes in CS1   Papers   
 Gonzalo Allen-Perez  University of California, San Diego  , Luis Millan  University of California, San Diego  , Brandon Nghiem  University of California, San Diego  , Kevin Wu  University of California, San Diego  , Anshul Shah  University of California, San Diego  , Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj  University of California San Diego 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Diagnosable Code Duplication in Introductory Programming Global      Papers   
 Anna Rechtackova  Masaryk University Brno  , Radek Pelánek  Masaryk University Brno 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Towards a Quantitative Competency Model for CS1 via Five-Channel Learning Sequences   Papers   
 Zhizezhang Gao  Northwest Unviersity  , Can Cui  Northwest Unviersity  , haochen yan  Northwest University  , Jiaqi Liu  Northwest University  , Xia Sun  Northwest University  , fengjun  Northwest Unviersity 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Broadening Participation #1 Papers   at Meeting Room 407 
 13:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Understanding the prevalence of a microaggression in CS and its influence on students' self-efficacy, belonging, and persistence MSI      Papers   
 Christopher Perdriau  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Kari George  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Colleen M. Lewis  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign 
 14:15   
 15m    
 Talk | Connecting the Dots: Intersectionality across Active Learning, Classroom Climate, and Introductory Computer Science Courses   Papers   
 Sri Yash Tadimalla  UNC Charlotte  , Mary Lou Maher  University of North Carolina  , Audrey Rorrer  University of North Carolina at Charlotte  , Mohsen Dorodchi  University of North Carolina Charlotte  , Nadia Najjar  University of North Carolina at Charlotte  , Marlon Mejias  University of North Carolina Charlotte 
 14:30   
 15m    
 Talk | Sister Circles: An Intersectional Method in Computing Education MSI      Papers   
 Yolanda Rankin  Emory University  , Nyshia Baker  Not applicable 
 14:45   
 15m    
 Talk | Unlocking Potential with Generative AI Instruction: Investigating Mid-level Software Development Student Perceptions, Behavior, and Adoption MSI      Papers   
 Jamie Gorson Benario  Google  , Jenn Marroquin  Google  , Monica M. Chan  Trilyon  , Ernest D.V. Holmes  Google  , Daniel Mejia  The University of Texas at El Paso 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Algorithms and Databases Papers   at Meeting Rooms 310-311 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Facilitating Student's Learning Transfer in a Database Programming Class   Papers   
 Yuzhe Zhou  Purdue University  , Alejandra J. Magana  Purdue University  , Tianyi Li  Purdue University, USA 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | iFlow - An Interactive Max-Flow Min-Cut Algorithms Visualizer   Papers   
 Muyang Ye  University of Southern California  , Tianrui Xia  University of Southern California  , Tianxin Zu  University of Southern California  , Qian Wang  University of Southern California  , David Kempe  University of Southern California 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Peer Code Review Methods: An Experience Report from a Data Structures and Algorithms Course Global      Papers   
 Roxane Koitz-Hristov  Graz University of Technology 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | dpvis: A Visual and Interactive Learning Tool for Dynamic Programming   Papers   
 David H. Lee  University of Southern California  , Aditya Prasad  University of Southern California  , Ramiro Deo-Campo Vuong  University of Southern California  , Tianyu Wang  University of Southern California  , Eric Han  University of Southern California  , David Kempe  University of Southern California 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Data Science #1 Papers   at Meeting Rooms 315-316 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Approachable Machine Learning Education: A Spiral Pedagogy Approach with Experiential Learning   Papers   
 Meiying Qin  York University 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | A Window into DataWorks: Developing an Integrated Work-Training Curriculum for Novice Adults   Papers   
 Lara Schenck  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Dana Priest  DataWorks at Georgia Tech  , Gabe Dubose  Emory University  , Zajerria Godfrey  Maynard Jackson High School  , Annabel Rothschild  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Benjamin Shapiro  Georgia State University  , Betsy Disalvo  Georgia Institute of Technology 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | "I'm not sure, but...": Expert Practices that Enable Effective Code Comprehension in Data Science   Papers   
 Christopher Lum  UC San Diego  , Guoxuan Xu  UC San Diego  , Sam Lau  University of California at San Diego 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Larger than Life In-Class Demonstrations for Introductory Machine Learning   Papers   
 Henry Chai  Carnegie Mellon University  , Matthew R. Gormley  Carnegie Mellon University 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Curriculum Issues Papers   at Meeting Rooms 317-318 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | AI Technicians: Developing Rapid Occupational Training Methods for a Competitive AI Workforce   Papers   
 Jaromir Savelka  Carnegie Mellon University  , Can Kultur  Carnegie Mellon University  , Arav Agarwal  Carnegie Mellon University  , Christopher Bogart  Carnegie Mellon University  , Heather Burte  Carnegie Mellon University  , Adam Zhang  Carnegie Mellon University  , Majd Sakr  Carnegie Mellon University 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Analysis of Generative AI Policies in Computing Course Syllabi   Papers   
 Areej Ali  George Mason University  , Aayushi Hingle  George Mason University  , Umama Dewan  George Mason University  , Nora McDonald  George Mason University  , Aditya Johri  George Mason University, USA 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Does Reducing Curricular Complexity Impact Student Success in Computer Science?   Papers   
 Sumukhi Ganesan  Khoury College of Computer Sciences  , Albert Lionelle  Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University  , Catherine Gill  Northeastern University  , Carla Brodley  Northeastern University, Center for Inclusive Computing 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Moving What's in the CS Curriculum Forward: A Proposition to Address Ten Wicked Curricular Issues   Papers   
 Rick Blumenthal  Regis University  , Johanna Blumenthal  Regis University 

 15:45 - 17:00 | Race and Ethnicity Papers   at Meeting Room 406 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Engaging Students from Under-Represented Groups to Pursue Graduate School in Computer Science and Engineering   Papers   
 Ravindra Mangar  Dartmouth College  , Cesar Arguello  Dartmouth College  , David Inyangson  Johns Hopkins University  , Tina Pavlovich  Dartmouth College  , Karen Gareis  Goodman Research Group  , Tushar Jois  City College of New York 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Faith to Move Mountains: Black Women in Computing Education   Papers   
 Yolanda Rankin  Emory University  , Jasmine Thompson  In His Steps Ministries  , Carolyn Bacon  In His Steps Ministries  , Jakita Thomas  Auburn University 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Our journey towards a diverse computing program: what worked, where we are, and what we have learned.   Papers   
 Ana Paula Centeno  Rutgers University  , Corina Hernandez  Princeton University  , Kalrav Pandit  Rutgers University 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | RISE Stars: An Experience Report on a Cohort of Black Freshmen Women in Computing MSI      Papers   
 Ashlyn Campbell  Georgia State University  , Anu Bourgeois  Georgia State University  , Nannette P. Napier  Georgia State University 

 15:45 - 17:00 | Data Science #2 Papers   at Meeting Room 407 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | How Novices Use Program Visualizations to Understand Code that Manipulates Data Tables   Papers   
 Ylesia Wu  UC San Diego  , Qirui Zheng  UC San Diego  , Sam Lau  University of California at San Diego 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Jupyter Analytics: A Toolkit for Collecting, Analyzing, and Visualizing Distributed Student Activity in Jupyter Notebooks Global      Papers   
 Zhenyu Cai  EPFL  , Richard Davis  EPFL  , Raphaël Mariétan  École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne  , Roland Tormey  École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne  , Pierre Dillenbourg  École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Teaching Our Teacher Assistants to Thrive: A Reflexive, Inclusive Approach to Scalable Undergraduate Education   Papers   
 Lisa Yan  UC Berkeley 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Toolkit for Educators of Data Science: Using physical computing to support data science education in the classroom. K12      Papers   
 Lorraine Underwood  Lancaster University  , Elizabeth Edwards  Lancaster University  , Elisa Rubegni  Lancaster University  , Steve Hodges  Lancaster University  , John Vidler  Lancaster University  , Joe Finney  Lancaster University 

 15:45 - 17:00 | CS1 Teaching [Online] Papers   at Meeting Rooms 302-303 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Enhancing Student Performance Prediction In CS1 Via In-Class Coding Online    CC      Papers   
 Eric Hicks  University Of Memphis  , Vinhthuy Phan  The University of Memphis  , Kriangsiri Malasri  University of Memphis 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | In-class Coding Exercises as a Mechanism to Inform Early Intervention in Programming Courses Online    CC      Papers   
 Eric Hicks  University Of Memphis  , Vinhthuy Phan  The University of Memphis 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Needs-Supportive Teaching Interventions in an Intro Computer Science Course: Exploring Impacts on Student Motivation and Achievement Online    Global      Papers   
 Jessica Hunter  McGill University  , Elena Bai  McGill University  , Giulia Alberini  McGill University  , Kristy Robinson  McGill University 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Programming Self-Efficacy in CS: Adding Four Areas of Validity to the Steinhorst Instrument Online      Papers   
 Gozde Cetin Uzun  Georgia State University  , Lauren Margulieux  Georgia State University  , Yin-Chan Liao  Georgia State University 

 15:45 - 17:00 | Algorithms #2 Papers   at Meeting Rooms 310-311 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Construction and Preliminary Validation of a Dynamic Programming Concept Inventory   Papers   
 Matthew Ferland  University of Southern California  , Varun Nagaraj Rao  Princeton University  , Arushi Arora  University of California, Irvine  , Drew van der Poel  Northeastern  , Michael Luu  University of California, Irvine  , Randy Huynh  University of California Irvine  , Frederick Reiber  Boston University  , Sandra Ossman  UC Irvine  , Seth Poulsen  Utah State University  , Michael Shindler  University of California, Irvine 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Investigating the Capabilities of Generative AI in Solving Data Structures, Algorithms, and Computability Problems   Papers   
 Ofek Gila  University of California, Irvine  , Shahar Broner  University of California, Irvine  , Yubin Kim  UC Irvine, Computer Science Department  , Nero Li  UC Irvine, Computer Science Department  , Katrina Mizuo  UC Irvine, Computer Science Department  , Elijah Sauder  UC Irvine, Computer Science Department  , Claire To  UC Irvine, Computer Science Department  , Albert Wang  UC Irvine, Computer Science Department  , Michael Shindler  University of California, Irvine 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Reflections on Teaching Algorithm Courses   Papers   
 J. Ángel Velázquez-Iturbide  Universidad Rey Juan Carlos 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Student Utilization of Metacognitive Strategies in Solving Dynamic Programming Problems   Papers   
 Jonathan Liu  University of Chicago  , Erica Goodwin  University of Chicago  , Diana Franklin  University of Chicago 

 15:45 - 17:00 | Assessment #1 Papers   at Meeting Rooms 315-316 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | An MS in CS for non-CS Majors: A Ten Year Retrospective   Papers   
 Logan Schmidt  Khoury College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University  , Caitlin J. Kidder  Center for Inclusive Computing at Northeastern University  , Ildar Akhmetov  Northeastern University  , Megan Bebis  Khoury College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University  , Alan C. Jamieson  Khoury College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University  , Albert Lionelle  Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University  , Sarah Maravetz  Khoury College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University  , Sami Rollins  Khoury College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University  , Ethan Selinger  Khoury College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Auto-grading in Computing Education: Perceptions and Use   Papers   
 Barrett Ruth  University of Virginia  , John R. Hott  University of Virginia 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Comparing the Impact of Strict and Flexible Deadline Policies   Papers   
 Jennifer Campbell  University of Toronto  , Karen Reid  University of Toronto 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Measuring Test Anxiety of Two Computerized Exam Approaches   Papers   
 Chinny Emeka  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Geoffrey Herman  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Jim Sosnowski  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Matthew West  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Craig Zilles  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Mariana Silva  University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign 

 15:45 - 17:00 | TA Training and Retention Papers   at Meeting Rooms 317-318 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Exploring the Humanistic Role of Computer Science Teaching Assistants across Diverse Institutions   Papers   
 Grace Barkhuff  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Ian Pruitt  Georgia State University  , Vyshnavi Namani  Georgia Institute of Technology  , William Gregory Johnson  Georgia State University  , Rodrigo Borela  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Ellen Zegura  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Anu Bourgeois  Georgia State University  , Benjamin Shapiro  Georgia State University 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Iterative Design of a Teaching Assistant Training Program in Computer Science Using the Agile Method Global      Papers   
 Runda Liu  Tsinghua University  , Shengqi Chen  Tsinghua University  , Jiajie Chen  Tsinghua University  , Songjie Niu  Tsinghua University  , Yuchun Ma  Tsinghua University  , Xiaofeng Tang  Tsinghua University 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Student Application Trends for Teaching Assistant Positions   Papers   
 Felix Muzny  Northeastern University  , Abdulaziz Suria  Northeastern University - Khoury College of Computer Sciences  , Carla Brodley  Northeastern University, Center for Inclusive Computing 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Undergraduate Computing Tutors' Perceptions of their Roles, Stressors, and Barriers to Effectiveness   Papers   
 Ismael Villegas Molina  University of California, San Diego  , Jeannie Kim  University of California, San Diego  , Audria Montalvo  University of California, San Diego  , Apollo Larragoitia  University of California, San Diego  , Rachel S. Lim  University of California San Diego  , Philip Guo  University of California San Diego  , Sophia Krause-Levy  University of San Diego  , Leo Porter  University of California San Diego 

 15:45 - 17:00 | LLMs in CS1 Papers   at Meeting Rooms 403-405 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Evaluating Language Models for Generating and Judging Programming Feedback Global      Papers   
 Charles Koutcheme  Aalto University  , Nicola Dainese  Aalto University  , Sami Sarsa  University of Jyväskylä  , Arto Hellas  Aalto University  , Juho Leinonen  Aalto University  , Syed Ashraf  Aalto University  , Paul Denny  The University of Auckland 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Exploring Student Reactions to LLM-Generated Feedback on Explain in Plain English Problems   Papers   
 Chris Kerslake  Simon Fraser University  , Paul Denny  The University of Auckland  , David Smith  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Brett Becker  University College Dublin  , Juho Leinonen  Aalto University  , Andrew Luxton-Reilly  The University of Auckland  , Stephen MacNeil  Temple University 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | On Teaching Novices Computational Thinking by Utilizing Large Language Models Within Assessments   Papers   
 Mohammed Hassan  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Yuxuan Chen  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Paul Denny  The University of Auckland  , Craig Zilles  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Large Language Models in Computer Science Education: A Systematic Literature Review   Papers   
 Nishat Raihan  George Mason University  , Mohammed Latif Siddiq  University of Notre Dame  , Joanna C. S. Santos  University of Notre Dame  , Marcos Zampieri  George mason University    
  Pre-print 

 Fri 28 Feb   
  
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      

 10:45 - 12:00 | Broadening Participation #2 Papers   at Meeting Room 406 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | A Student-Led Association for Computing Education: A Two-Year Experience Report   Papers   
 Jolie Zhou  University of Washington  , Yunseo Lee  University of Washington  , Suh Young Choi  University of Washington  , Simon Wu  University of Washington  , Mitchell Levy  University of Washington 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Improving AI in CS1: Leveraging Human Feedback for Better Learning   Papers   
 Rongxin Liu  Harvard University  , Julianna Zhao  Harvard University  , Benjamin Xu  Yale University  , Christopher Perez  Harvard University  , Yuliia Zhukovets  Harvard University  , David J. Malan  Harvard University 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Integrating Socially Responsible Computing through Direct Community Engagement in CS2 to Promote Latinx Student Retention MSI      Papers   
 Yu Sun  California State Polytechnic University, Pomona  , Qichao Dong  California State Polytechnic University, Pomona  , Fang Tang  California State Polytechnic University, Pomona  , Leata Hubbard Cheuoua  WestEd 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Exploring Sense of Belonging for CS Majors with Direct vs Competitive Admission Pathways   Papers   
 Jennifer Campbell  University of Toronto  , Jacqueline Smith  University of Toronto  , Emily Greenleaf  University of Toronto 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Assessment #2 Papers   at Meeting Room 407 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Expanding the Horizons of Autograding: Innovative Questions at UBC   Papers   
 Jeffrey Niu  University of British Columbia  , Jessica Wong  University of British Columbia  , Charlie Lake  University of British Columbia  , Justin Rahardjo  University of British Columbia  , Hedayat Zarkoob  University of British Columbia  , Oluwakemi Ola  University of British Columbia  , Patrice Belleville  University of British Columbia  , Karina Mochetti  UBC  , Meghan Allen  University of British Columbia  , Firas Moosvi  University of British Columbia Okanagan  , Steve Wolfman  University of British Columbia 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Models of Mastery Learning for Computing Education Global      Papers   
 Claudia Szabo  The University of Adelaide  , Miranda Parker  San Diego State University  , Michelle Friend  University of Nebraska Omaha  , Johan Jeuring  Utrecht University  , Tobias Kohn  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology  , Lauri Malmi  Aalto University  , Judy Sheard  Monash University 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | TIPS for Students! A Fair and Equitable Way to Require, Motivate and Reward Creativity and Student-initiated Activities MSI      Papers   
 G. Aaron Wilkin  Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology  , Jason Yoder  Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology  , Mitchel Daniel  Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Ungrading as a Pedagogy for Teaching Qualitative Research Methods in Computing   Papers   
 Priya C. Kumar  Pennsylvania State University  , Jeffrey Samuel Schulman Jr.  Pennsylvania State University  , Fatimah Albargi  Pennsylvania State University  , Sree Bhattacharyya  Pennsylvania State University  , Hongyi Dong  Pennsylvania State University  , Zehao Liu  Pennsylvania State University 

 10:45 - 12:00 | K-12 Curriculum Papers   at Meeting Rooms 306-307 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | A Case Study of Elementary Teachers’ Enactment of an NGSS-Aligned Computer Science Lesson: Verbal Support of Science, Engineering, Mathematics, and Computer Science Integration K12      Papers   
 Sarah Lilly  University of Virginia  , Anne McAlister  University of Virginia  , Jennifer Chiu  University of Virginia 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Detecting AI-Generated Pseudocode in High School Online Programming Courses Using an Explainable Approach K12      Papers   
 Zifeng Liu  University of Florida  , Xinyue Jiao  New York University  , Wanli Xing  University of Florida  , Wangda Zhu  University of Florida 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Curriculum for a Comprehensive Statewide In-Service CS Teacher Training Program K12      Papers   
 Sarah Diesburg  University of Northern Iowa  , J. Ben Schafer  University of Northern Iowa  , Briana B. Morrison  University of Virginia 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Exploring the Impact of Quizzes Interleaved with Write-Code Tasks in Elementary-Level Visual Programming Global    K12      Papers   
 Ahana Ghosh  Max Planck Institute for Software Systems  , Liina Malva  Max Planck Institute for Software Systems  , Alkis Gotovos  Max Planck Institute for Software Systems  , Danial Hooshyar  Tallinn University  , Adish Singla  Max Planck Institute for Software Systems 

 10:45 - 12:00 | AI/Machine Learning Papers   at Meeting Rooms 310-311 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Integrating Small Language Models with Retrieval-Augmented Generation in Computing Education: Key Takeaways, Setup, and Practical Insights   Papers   
 Zezhu Yu  University of Toronto  , Suqing Liu  University of Toronto Mississauga  , Paul Denny  The University of Auckland  , Andreas Bergen  University of Toronto Mississauga  , Michael Liut  University of Toronto Mississauga 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Leveraging Undergraduate Perspectives to Redefine AI Literacy   Papers   
 Jack Ebert  University of Maryland, College Park  , Kristina Kramarczuk  University of Maryland, College Park 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | PhysioML: A Web-Based Tool for Machine Learning Education with Real-Time Physiological Data   Papers   
 Bryan Y. Hernández-Cuevas  University of Alabama  , Myles Lewis  University of Alabama  , Wesley Junkins  University of Alabama  , Chris Crawford  University of Alabama  , Andre Denham  University of Alabama  , Feiya Luo  University of Alabama 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Fostering Creativity: Student-Generative AI Teaming in an Open-Ended CS0 Assignment   Papers   
 Daniel Filcik  U.S. Military Academy  , Edward Sobiesk  United States Military Academy  , Suzanne Matthews  United States Military Academy 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Instructional Technologies #1 Papers   at Meeting Rooms 315-316 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Analyzing Pedagogical Quality and Efficiency of LLM Responses with TA Feedback to Live Student Questions   Papers   
 Mihran Miroyan  UC Berkeley  , Chancharik Mitra  University of California, Berkeley  , Rishi Jain  UC Berkeley  , Gireeja Ranade  University of California, Berkeley  , Narges Norouzi  University of California, Berkeley 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | ASCI: AI-Smart Classroom Initiative   Papers   
 Nada Basit  University of Virginia  , Mark Floryan  University of Virginia  , John R. Hott  University of Virginia  , Allen Huo  University of Virginia  , Jackson Le  University of Virginia  , Ivan Zheng  University of Virginia 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Can a Free Tool in an Ebook Platform, Searchable Question Bank, and Summer Workshop Help Instructors Adopt Peer Instruction?   Papers   
 Barbara Ericson  University of Michigan  , Xingjian Gu  University of Michigan  , Zihan Wu  University of Michigan  , Shefali Patel  University of Michigan, Ann Arbor  , Aadarsh Padiyath  University of Michigan - Ann Arbor 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | What Can Computer Science Educators Learn From the Failures of Top-Down Pedagogy? Global      Papers   
 Sverrir Thorgeirsson  ETH Zurich  , Tracy Ewen  ETH Zurich  , Zhendong Su  ETH Zurich 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Teaching Practices Papers   at Meeting Rooms 317-318 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | A Conceptual Metaphor Analysis of Recursion in a CS1 Course   Papers   
 Colton Harper  University of Nebraska-Lincoln  , Karima Mohammed  The American University in Cairo  , Stephen Cooper  University of Nebraska-Lincoln 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Enhancing CS1 education through experiential learning with robotics projects Global      Papers   
 Rodrigo Borela  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Zhixian Liding  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Melinda McDaniel  Georgia Institute of Technology 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Investigating the Use of Productive Failure as a Design Paradigm for Learning Introductory Python Programming   Papers   
 Hussel Suriyaarachchi  National University of Singapore  , Paul Denny  The University of Auckland  , Suranga Nanayakkara  Auckland Bioengineering Institute, The University of Auckland 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Bridging Novice Programmers and LLMs with Interactivity Global    CC    MSI      Papers   
 Thomas Yeh  University of California, Irvine  , Karena Tran  University of California, Irvine  , Ge Gao  University of California, Irvine  , Tyler Yu  University of California, Irvine  , Wai On Fong  University of California, Irvine  , Tzu-Yi Chen  Pomona College 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Accessibility Papers   at Meeting Room 406 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Accessibility Insights from Student's Software Engineering Projects   Papers   
 Wajdi Aljedaani  University of North Texas  , Parthasarathy PD  BITS Pilani KK Birla Goa Campus  , Swaroop Joshi  BITS Pilani KK Birla Goa Campus  , Marcelo Medeiros Eler  University of São Paulo 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Enhancing Accessibility in Software Engineering Projects with Large Language Models (LLMs)   Papers   
 Wajdi Aljedaani  University of North Texas  , Marcelo Medeiros Eler  University of São Paulo  , Parthasarathy PD  BITS Pilani KK Birla Goa Campus 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Opening Digital Doors: Early Lessons in Software Accessibility for K-8 Students K12      Papers   
 Chunyu Liu  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Kyrie Zhixuan Zhou  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Samantha Sy  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Elizabeth Lodvikov  Brooklyn College, City University of New York  , Jingwen Shan  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Devorah Kletenik  Brooklyn College, City University of New York  , Rachel F. Adler  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Sprint to Inclusion: Embedding Accessibility Sprint in a Software Engineering Course   Papers   
 Wajdi Aljedaani  University of North Texas  , Parthasarathy PD  BITS Pilani KK Birla Goa Campus  , Marcelo Medeiros Eler  University of São Paulo  , Swaroop Joshi  BITS Pilani KK Birla Goa Campus 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Debugging and Testing Papers   at Meeting Room 407 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | BugSpotter: Automated Generation of Code Debugging Exercises   Papers   
 Victor-Alexandru Padurean  Max Planck Institute for Software Systems  , Paul Denny  The University of Auckland  , Adish Singla  Max Planck Institute for Software Systems 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Compiler-Integrated, Conversational AI for Debugging CS1 Programs   Papers   
 Jake Renzella  University of New South Wales, Sydney  , Alexandra Vassar  UNSW  , Lorenzo Lee Solano  University of New South Wales, Sydney  , Andrew Taylor  The University of New South Wales, Sydney 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | “Debugging: From Art to Science” A Case Study on a Debugging Course and Its Impact on Student Performance and Confidence   Papers   
 G. Aaron Wilkin  Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | How Effective and Efficient are Student-Written Software Tests?   Papers   
 Amanda Showler  Ontario Tech University  , Michael Miljanovic  Ontario Tech University  , Jeremy Bradbury  Ontario Tech University 

 13:45 - 15:00 | CSForAll K-12 Papers   at Meeting Rooms 306-307 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Building Teacher and Community Networks for Sustainable Middle School Computer Science Education: Experiences from Two Pairs of Teachers K12      Papers   
 Elizabeth Thomas-Cappello  University of Albany, State University of New York  , Lijun Ni  University at Albany  , Gillian Bausch  University at Albany  , Fred Martin  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Bernardo Feliciano  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Foozieh Mir  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Diane Schilder  Evaluation Analysis Solutions, Inc. 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Engaging K-12 Students with Flow-Based Music Programming: An Experience Report on Its Impact on Teaching and Learning K12      Papers   
 Zifeng Liu  University of Florida  , Shan Zhang  University of Florida  , Maya Israel  University of Florida  , Robert Smith  University of Florida  , Wanli Xing  University of Florida  , Victor Minces  University of California, San Diego 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Introducing Computational Thinking and Computer Science Instruction to Preservice Science and Math Teachers K12      Papers   
 Meize Guo  University of Idaho  , Minji Yun  University of Florida  , Maya Israel  University of Florida 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Teaching Computing to K-12 Emergent Bilinguals: Identified Challenges and Opportunities K12      Papers   
 Emma R. Dodoo  University of Michigan  , Tamara Nelson-Fromm  University of Michigan  , Mark Guzdial  University of Michigan 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Cybersecurity Papers   at Meeting Rooms 310-311 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Enhancing Cybersecurity Education using Scoring Engines: A Practical Approach to Hands-On Learning and Feedback Global      Papers   
 Christopher Morales-Gonzalez  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Mathew Harper  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Pranathi Rayavaram  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Sashank Narain  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Xinwen Fu  University of Massachusetts Lowell 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Improving the Representation of Undergraduate Women in Cybersecurity: A Literature Review   Papers   
 Ena Selma-Housein  Columbia University  , Brian Plancher  Barnard College, Columbia University 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | SENSAI: Large Language Models as Applied Cybersecurity Tutors   Papers   
 Connor Nelson  Arizona State University  , Adam Doupé  Arizona State University  , Yan Shoshitaishvili  Arizona State University 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Tackling the Gender Gap in Cybersecurity Education K12      Papers   
 Gabriele Costa  IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca  , Silvia De Francisci  IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca  , Margherita Renieri  IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca  , Serenella Valiani  IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Assessment #3 Papers   at Meeting Rooms 315-316 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | A Multi-Institutional Assessment of Oral Exams in Software Courses   Papers   
 Peter Ohmann  College of St. Benedict / St. John's University  , Ed Novak  Franklin and Marshall College 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Design and Evaluation of an AI-Assisted Grading Tool for Introductory Programming Assignments: An Experience Report   Papers   
 Goda Nagakalyani  IIT BOMBAY  , Saurav Chaudhary  Indian Institute of technology - Bombay  , Varsha Apte  Indian Institute of technology - Bombay  , Ganesh Ramakrishnan  Indian Institute of technology - Bombay  , Srikanth Tamilselvam  IBM India Research Labs 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Designing LLM-Resistant Programming Assignments: Insights and Strategies for CS Educators   Papers   
 Bradley McDanel  Franklin and Marshall College  , Ed Novak  Franklin and Marshall College 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Exploring Different Specifications Grading Policies Global      Papers   
 Igor dos Santos Montagner  Insper  , Rafael Corsi Ferrao  Insper  , Craig Zilles  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Mariana Silva  University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign 

 13:45 - 15:00 | CS1 TAs Papers   at Meeting Rooms 317-318 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Retention Teaching Assistants for Supporting Student Performance in Introductory-level Computing Classes   Papers   
 Kazi Sinthia Kabir  University of Utah  , Eliane Wiese  University of Utah  , Travis Martin  University of Utah  , Sahil Karki  University of Utah  , Erin Parker  University of Utah  , Mary Hall  University of Utah 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Unlocking Student Potential With TA-Bot: Timely Submissions and Improved Code Style   Papers   
 Jack Forden  Marquette University  , Matthew Schneider  Carnegie Mellon University  , Alexander Gebhard  Marquette University  , Md. Tahmidul Islam Molla  Marquette University  , Dennis Brylow  Marquette University 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Code Interviews: Design and Evaluation of a More Authentic Assessment for Introductory Programming Assignments   Papers   
 Suhas Kannam  University of Washington  , Yuri Yang  University of Washington  , Aarya Dharm  University of Washington  , Kevin Lin  University of Washington, Seattle 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Feasibility Study of Augmenting Teaching Assistants with AI for CS1 Programming Feedback   Papers   
 Umair Z. Ahmed  National University of Singapore  , Shubham Sahai  National University of Singapore  , Ben Leong  National University of Singapore  , Amey Karkare  IIT Kanpur 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Live Coding and Teamwork Papers   at Meeting Rooms 403-405 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Examining Teamwork: Evaluating Individual Contributions in Collaborative Software Engineering Projects   Papers   
 Joydeep Mitra  Northeastern University  , Eric Gerber  Northeastern University 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Improving Agile Retrospectives through Metacognitive Scaffolding Global      Papers   
 Ahsun Tariq  Oregon State University  , Phillip Conrad  University of California, Santa Barbara  , Chris Hundhausen  Oregon State University, USA  , Andrew Yu  University of California Santa Barbara  , Olusola Adesope  Washington State University 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Live But Not Active: Minimal Effect with Passive Live Coding   Papers   
 Andrea Watkins  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Amber Settle  DePaul University  , Craig S. Miller  DePaul University  , Eric Schwabe  DePaul University 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Live Coding Prompts Engagement, But Not Necessarily Grades Global      Papers   
 Hanxiang Du  Western Washington University  , Dion Udokop  Western Washington University  , Bo Pei  University of South Florida 

 15:45 - 17:00 | Database Courses Papers   at Meeting Room 406 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Understanding the Impact of Using Generative AI Tools in a Database Course   Papers   
 Valeria Ramirez Osorio  University of Toronto Mississauga  , Angela Zavaleta Bernuy  University of Toronto  , Bogdan Simion  University of Toronto Mississauga  , Michael Liut  University of Toronto Mississauga 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Relational Database Courses with CodeRunner in Moodle: Extending SQL Programming Assignments to Client-Server Database Engines Global      Papers   
 Andrzej Wójtowicz  Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań  , Maciej Prill  Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | A critical approach to ChatGPT: an experience in SQL learning   Papers   
 Laura Farinetti  Politecnico di Torino  , Luca Cagliero  Politecnico di Torino 

 15:45 - 17:00 | CS for All Papers   at Meeting Room 407 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Emotions and Self-Efficacy of Undergraduate Computing and Engineering Students: A Systematic Literature Review   Papers   
 Rakhi  The Ohio State University  , Zahra Atiq  The Ohio State University 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Rooted in the Collective: A Culturally Situated Artificial Intelligence (AI) Education Workshop For Urban Farmers   Papers   
 Sukanya Kannan Moudgalya  University of Tennessee, Knoxville  , Carmen Palileo  University of Tennessee, Knoxville  , Srinayana Patil  University of Tennessee, Knoxville  , Rhema Linder  University of Tennessee, Knoxville  , Sai Swaminathan  University of Tennessee, Knoxville 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | The Rural CS+Agriculture Alliance Research Practitioner Partnership: Experience Report   Papers   
 Joseph Wiggins  Katabasis  , Benjamin Taylor  Katabasis  , Alexandra Cail  Katabasis  , Jorge Parra  Katabasis  , Julianna Martinez Ruiz  Katabasis  , William Causey  Katabasis 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Designing Courses for Liberal Arts and Sciences Students Contextualized around Creative Expression and Social Justice   Papers   
 Mark Guzdial  University of Michigan  , Tamara Nelson-Fromm  University of Michigan 

 15:45 - 17:00 | Techniques [Online] Papers   at Meeting Rooms 302-303 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Aiming towards Abstraction: Does Algorithmic-Pattern-Oriented Instruction Promote the Teaching of Abstraction? Online    Global    K12      Papers   
 Liat Nakar  Ono Academic College  , Michal Armoni  Weizmann Institute of Science 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Exploring the Adaptability and Usefulness of Git-Truck for Assessing Software Capstone Project Development Online    Global      Papers   
 Andres Neyem  Computer Science Department, Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Chile  , Jose Carrasco  Computer Science Department, Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Chile  , Alison Fernandez-Blanco  Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile  , Juan Pablo Sandoval Alcocer  Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Circle of Life: Microworld Project at the end of CS1 Online    Global      Papers   
 Sebastian Mateos Nicolajsen  IT University of Copenhagen  , Michael Edelgaard Caspersen  Aarhus University  , Claus Brabrand  IT University of Copenhagen 

 15:45 - 17:00 | K-12 Instruction Papers   at Meeting Rooms 306-307 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Bridging Disciplines: Integrating Computer Science and Social Studies in Rural Middle Schools K12      Papers   
 Debra Bernstein  TERC  , Eric Hochberg  TERC  , Santiago Gasca  TERC  , Michael Berson  University of South Florida  , Kristen Franklin  CodeVA  , Perry Shank  CodeVA 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | CS Concepts and Contextual Factors in Integrated Computing Activities in U.S. Schools K12      Papers   
 Marya Rahimi  Georgia State University  , Lauren Margulieux  Georgia State University  , Erin Anderson  Georgia State University 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | RAD: A Framework to Support Youth in Critiquing AI K12      Papers   
 Jaemarie Solyst  Carnegie Mellon University  , Emily Amspoker  Carnegie Mellon University  , Ellia Yang  Carnegie Mellon University  , Motahhare Eslami  Carnegie Mellon University  , Jessica Hammer  Carnegie Mellon University  , Amy Ogan  Carnegie Mellon University 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Evaluating GPT for use in K-12 Block Based CS Instruction Using a Transpiler and Prompt Engineering K12      Papers   
 David Gonzalez-Maldonado  University of Chicago  , Jonathan Liu  University of Chicago  , Diana Franklin  University of Chicago 

 15:45 - 17:00 | Undergraduate Instruction/Research Papers   at Meeting Rooms 310-311 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | A Course-based Undergraduate Research Experience (CURE) Focused Broadly on Research Methods in Computer Science MSI      Papers   
 Amanda Fernandez  University of Texas at San Antonio 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Improving Undergraduate Computing Engagement with Computing Fellows Across Disciplines   Papers   
 Elizabeth Melville  Columbia University  , Melissa Wright  Barnard College  , Jennifer Rosales  Barnard College  , Saima Akhtar  Barnard College  , Rebecca Wright  Barnard College 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Incentivizing Good Programming Practices: The Impact of Early Program Submission on Student Course and Exam Performance   Papers   
 Shirin Haji Amin Shirazi  University of California, Riverside  , Ashley Pang  UC Riverside  , Allan Knight  University of California, Riverside  , Mariam Salloum  Univeristy of California Riverside 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Literature Mapping: A Scaffolded, Scalable, Low-Overhead Undergraduate Research Experience   Papers   
 Brian Harrington  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Aditya Kulkarni  University of Toronto  , Rohita Nalluri  University of Toronto  , Anagha Vadarevu  University of Toronto  , Angela Zavaleta Bernuy  University of Toronto 

 15:45 - 17:00 | CS1 Teaching Practices Papers   at Meeting Rooms 317-318 
 15:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Teaching Program Decomposition in CS1: A Conceptual Framework for Improved Code Quality   Papers   
 Georgiana Haldeman  Colgate University  , Judah Robbins Bernal  Colgate University  , Alec Wydra  Colgate University  , Paul Denny  The University of Auckland 
 16:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Variation in Engagement Behaviors among Student-Centered Pedagogies   Papers   
 Patricia B. Campbell  Campbell-Kibler Associates  , Clifton Kussmaul  Green Mango Associates, LLC  , Chris Mayfield  James Madison University  , Helen Hu  Westminster University  , Seth Campbell-Mortman  Campbell-Kibler Associates 
 16:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Integrating Soft Skills Training into your Course through a Collaborative Activity Global      Papers   
 Geraldine Brieven  University of Liege  , Marcia Moraes  Colorado State University  , Dieter Pawelczak  Universität der Bundeswehr München  , Simona Vasilache  University of Tsukuba  , Benoit Donnet  Université de Liège 
 16:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Fears and Confidence amongst Incarcerated Adult CS1 Students   Papers   
 Emma Hogan  University of California, San Diego  , Audria Montalvo  University of California, San Diego  , Ginger Smith  University of California, San Diego  , Emily Nguyen  University of California, Los Angeles  , Zyanya Rios  University of California, San Diego  , Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj  University of California San Diego  , William Griswold  UC San Diego  , Leo Porter  University of California San Diego 

 Sat 1 Mar   
  
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      

 10:45 - 12:00 | Upper-level Undergraduate Courses Papers   at Meeting Room 406 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Creating a Quantum Programming Course from Scratch: A Computer Science Professor’s Journey   Papers   
 Joshua T. Guerin  University of Northern Colorado 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Diary study as an educational tool: An experience report from an HCI course   Papers   
 Jixiang Fan  Virginia Tech  , Derek Haqq  Virginia Tech  , Morva Saaty  Virginia Tech  , Wei Lu Wang  Virginia Tech  , Scott McCrickard  Virginia Tech 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Students' Use of GitHub Copilot for Working with Large Code Bases   Papers   
 Anshul Shah  University of California, San Diego  , Anya Chernova  University of California, San Diego  , Elena Tomson  University of California, San Diego  , Leo Porter  University of California San Diego  , William Griswold  UC San Diego  , Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj  University of California San Diego 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Teaching Cloud Infrastructure and Scalable Application Deployment in an Undergraduate Computer Science Program   Papers   
 Aditya Saligrama  Stanford University  , Cody Ho  Stanford University  , Benjamin Tripp  Stanford University  , Michael Abbott  Stanford University  , Christos Kozyrakis  Stanford University, USA 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Systems and Security Courses Papers   at Meeting Room 407 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | ASM Visualizer: a Learning Tool for Assembly Programming   Papers   
 Tia Newhall  Swarthmore College  , Kevin Webb  Swarthmore College  , Isabel Romea  Swarthmore College  , Emma Stavis  Swarthmore College  , Suzanne Matthews  United States Military Academy 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | ezFS: A Pedagogical Linux File System   Papers   
 Emma Nieh  Columbia University  , Zijian Zhang  Columbia University  , Jason Nieh  Columbia University    
  DOI 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Grading for Equity in a Hyflex Compiler Design Course   Papers   
 Fatima Abu Deeb  KSAU-hS  , Ella Tuson  Brandeis University  , Timothy Hickey  Brandeis University 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Quantitative Evaluation of using Large Language Models and Retrieval-Augmented Generation in Computer Science Education   Papers   
 Kevin Shukang Wang  The University of British Columbia  , Ramon Lawrence  The University of British Columbia 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Systems [Online] Papers   at Meeting Rooms 302-303 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Experience Report on Using LANTERN in Teaching Relational Query Processing Online    Global      Papers   
 Sourav S Bhowmick  Nanyang Technological University  , Hui Li  Xiamen University 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Experience Report: Using the FABRIC Testbed to teach a Graduate Computer Networking course Online    Global      Papers   
 Alexander Wolosewicz  Illinois Institute of Technology  , Prajwal Venkateshmurthy  Illinois Institute of Technology  , Nik Sultana  Illinois Institute of Technology 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | KernelVM: Teaching Linux Kernel Programming through a Browser-Based Virtual Machine Online      Papers   
 Elliott Wen   , Sean Ma  The University of Auckland  , Paul Denny  The University of Auckland  , Ewan Tempero  The University of Auckland  , Gerald Weber  The University of Auckland  , Zongcheng Yue  The University of Auckland 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | LLM-Driven Feedback for Enhancing Conceptual Design Learning in Database Systems Courses Online      Papers   
 Sara Riazi  University of Illinois Chicago  , Rooshenas  University of Illinois Chicago 

 10:45 - 12:00 | K-12 Teaching Tools Papers   at Meeting Rooms 306-307 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | CryptoEL: A Novel Experiential Learning Tool for Enhancing K-12 Cryptography Education K12      Papers   
 Pranathi Rayavaram  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Onyinyechukwu Ukaegbu  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Maryam Abbasalizadeh  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Krishna Vellamchety  Univeristy of Massachusetts Lowell  , Sashank Narain  University of Massachusetts Lowell 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Principles of the Internet – Model Lessons for Lower Secondary School: Experience Report K12      Papers   
 Anna Yaghobová  Charles University  , Michaela Mazná  Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, Charles University  , Anna Drobná  Charles University  , Filip Děchtěrenko  Faculty of Arts, Charles University  , Cyril Brom  Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, Charles University in Prague 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | TrainYourSnakeAI: A Novel Tool to Teach Reinforcement Learning to Middle School Students K12      Papers   
 Cesar Hinojosa  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Priyanka Kumar  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Pragathi Durga Rajarajan  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Fred Martin  University of Texas at San Antonio 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Experiences using Service Learning in Computer Science CC    K12      Papers   
 Michael Orsega  The University of West Georgia 

 10:45 - 12:00 | High School Papers   at Meeting Rooms 310-311 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Addressing the Computer Science Teacher Shortage: A Case Study of Wisconsin Public High Schools K12      Papers   
 Sujeeth Goud Ramagoni  Marquette University  , Dennis Brylow  Marquette University 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Developing Computing Lessons for Rural High School Students K12      Papers   
 Nathan H. Bean  Kansas State University  , Friday James  Kansas State University  , Timothy Tucker  Kansas State University  , Yihong Theis  Kansas State University  , Joshua Weese  Kansas State University  , Russell Feldhausen  Kansas State University 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Developing Interest, Skills and Professional Dispositions in Computing and Engineering through a Multidisciplinary Enrichment Program for High School Students Global    K12      Papers   
 G. Ayorkor Korsah  Ashesi University  , Nathan Amanquah  Ashesi University 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Integrating a CS+Social Science Project into STEM and non-STEM High School Courses K12      Papers   
 Kathleen Isenegger  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Max Fowler  University of Illinois  , Daphane Hammer  Champaign Central High School  , Benjamin Leff  University of Illinois Laboratory High School  , Yael Gertner  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Raya Hegeman-Davis  University of Wyoming  , Leonard Pitt  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign 

 10:45 - 12:00 | K-12 Teachers Papers   at Meeting Rooms 315-316 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Can GPT Help? Supporting Teachers to Brainstorm Customized Instructional Scratch Projects K12      Papers   
 Minh Tran  University of Chicago  , David Gonzalez-Maldonado  University of Chicago  , Elaine Zhou  University of Chicago  , Diana Franklin  University of Chicago 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Exploring Critical CS Teacher Education Program Design Through a Science and Technology Studies Approach K12      Papers   
 Brendan Henrique  University of California, Berkeley 
 11:22   
 18m    
 Talk | K12 Computer Science Teachers’ Attitudes Toward a Foundational Assumption of Ethnocomputing K12      Papers   
 Michael Lachney  Michigan State University  , Hyein Jee  Michigan State University  , Andrew Lapentina  University of Detroit Mercy  , Richard Hill  University of Detroit Mercy  , Madison Allen Kuyenga  Michigan State University  , Aman Yadav  Michigan State University 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Teacher Decisions and Perspectives in Scratch TIPP&SEE Implementation K12      Papers   
 Jonathan Liu  University of Chicago  , Erica Goodwin  University of Chicago  , Dana Saito-Stehberger  University of California, Irvine  , Sharin Jacob  Digital Promise  , Mark Warschauer  University of California, Irvine  , Diana Franklin  University of Chicago 

 10:45 - 12:00 | Instructional Technologies #2 Papers   at Meeting Rooms 317-318 
 10:45   
 18m    
 Talk | An Automated Approach to Recommending Relevant Worked Examples for Programming Problems   Papers   
 Muntasir Hoq  North Carolina State University  , Atharva Patil  North Carolina State University  , Kamil Akhuseyinoglu  University of Pittsburgh  , Peter Brusilovsky  University of Pittsburgh  , Bita Akram  North Carolina State University 
 11:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Instructor-Written Hints as Automated Test Suite Quality Feedback   Papers   
 James Perretta  Northeastern University  , Andrew DeOrio  University of Michigan  , Arjun Guha  Northeastern University; Roblox  , Jonathan Bell  Northeastern University 
 11:41   
 18m    
 Talk | "Why is my code slow?" Efficiency Bugs in Student Code   Papers   
 Hope Dargan  MIT CSAIL  , Adam Gilbert-Diamond  MIT CSAIL  , Adam J. Hartz  MIT EECS  , Robert Miller  MIT 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Cybersecurity #2 and Edge Computing Papers   at Meeting Room 406 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Case Study 2: Mapping between an E-Voting Curriculum and the DHS/NSA CAE Knowledge Units   Papers   
 Edwin Antonio Sanchez  Indiana University Indianapolis  , Muwei Zheng  University of California, Davis  , Matt Bishop  The University of California, Davis  , Xukai Zou  Indiana University–Purdue University Indianapolis 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Enhancing Cybersecurity Education with Artificial Intelligence Content   Papers   
 Fernando Brito   , Yassine Mekdad  Cyber-Physical Systems Security Lab, Florida International University  , Monique Ross  The Ohio State University  , Mark Finlayson  Knight Foundation School of Computing and Information Sciences Department, Florida International University  , Selcuk Uluagac  Cyber-Physical Systems Security Lab, Florida International University 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Implementation of a Cryptocurrency Elective Course   Papers   
 Aaron Bloomfield  University of Virginia 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Practical Cybersecurity Education: A Course Model Using Experiential Learning Theory Global      Papers   
 Sashank Narain  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Pranathi Rayavaram  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Christopher Morales-Gonzalez  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Mathew Harper  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Maryam Abbasalizadeh  University of Massachusetts Lowell  , Krishna Vellamchety  Univeristy of Massachusetts Lowell  , Xinwen Fu  University of Massachusetts Lowell 

 13:45 - 15:00 | K-12 Professional Development Papers   at Meeting Room 407 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | How a Small College Can Make a Big Impact on High School CS K12      Papers   
 James Matthews  Siena College  , Robin Flatland  Siena College  , Kathryn Schiller  University at Albany  , Jesse Moya  Siena College  , Pauline White  Siena College 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Implementing Standards-Focused Professional Development for Middle School CS Teachers: An Experience Report K12      Papers   
 Carol Tate  SRI International  , Satabdi Basu  SRI International  , Arif Rachmatullah  SRI International  , Hui Yang  SRI International  , Daisy Rutstein  edCount, LLC 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Introducing K-12 Teachers to Computer Science Education through an Online Micro-credential: An Experience Report K12      Papers   
 Shan Zhang  University of Florida  , Nicole Hutchins  University of Florida  , Joanne R. Barrett  University of Florida  , Anthony Botelho  University of Florida  , Maya Israel  University of Florida 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Preparing K-8 Teachers to Teach and Infuse Computer Science Across All Subjects MSI    K12      Papers   
 Angela Williams-Nash  East Orange School District  , Sumi Hagiwara  department of Teaching and Learning, Montclair State University  , Katherine G. Herbert  Montclair State University  , Thomas Marlowe  Seton Hall University  , Rebecca Goldstein  Montclair State University  , Vaibhav Anu  Montclair State University 

 13:45 - 15:00 | AP CS and AP/IB Papers   at Meeting Rooms 310-311 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Building the AnonTool Pipeline: Providing CS Education For Rural K-12 Schools K12      Papers   
 Nathan H. Bean  Kansas State University  , Joshua Weese  Kansas State University  , Russell Feldhausen  Kansas State University  , David Allen  Kansas State University  , Michelle Friend  University of Nebraska Omaha 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Experience Report: Physical Models of Java Inheritance K12      Papers   
 Colleen M. Lewis  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Manuel Hernandez  Bell Gardens High School  , Angel Kuo  Alhambra Unified School District  , Hannah McDowell  Orthopaedic Hospital Medical Magnet High School  , Nathan Roller  Gertz Ressler High School 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | The Intersectional Experience of Black Girl High School Students in Advanced Placement Computer Science K12      Papers   
 Xingjian Gu  University of Michigan  , Barbara Ericson  University of Michigan 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Towards s’more connected coding camps Global    K12      Papers   
 Ilenia Fronza  Free University of Bolzano, Italy  , Petri Ihantola  University of Helsinki  , Olli-Pekka Riikola  University of Jyväskylä  , Gennaro Iaccarino  Diresione Istruzione e Formazione Italiana  , Tommi Mikkonen  University of Jyvaskyla  , Linda Garcia-Rytman  Universitat Jaume  , Vesa Lappalainen  University of Jyväskylä  , Cristina Rebollo Santamaría  Universitat Jaume  , Inmaculada Remolar Quintana  Universitat Jaume  , Veronica Rossano  University of Bari 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Introductory Courses Papers   at Meeting Rooms 315-316 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Fostering and Understanding Diverse Interpersonal Connections in a Massive Online CS1 Course Global      Papers   
 Miranda Li  Stanford University  , Ali Malik  Stanford University  , Chris Piech  Stanford University 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Interventions for Increasing Belonging and Inclusion in Undergraduate Computer Science Classrooms   Papers   
 Elizabeth von Briesen  Elon University  , Richard Dutton  Elon University  , Shannon Duvall  Elon University  , Duke Hutchings  Elon University  , Ryan Mattfeld  Elon University  , Scott Spurlock  Elon University 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Reflecting on Practices to Integrate Socially Responsible Computing in Introductory Computer Science Courses MSI      Papers   
 Kevin A. Wortman  California State University, Fullerton  , Aakash Gautam  University of Pittsburgh  , Sarah Hug  Colorado Evaluation & Research Consulting  , Paul Salvador Inventado  California State University Fullerton  , Ayaan M. Kazerouni  California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo  , Jane Lehr  California Polytechnic State University  , Kanika Sood  California State University, Fullerton  , Zoë Wood  California Polytechnic State University 
 14:41   
 18m    
 Talk | Student Perceptions of the Help Resource Landscape   Papers   
 Shao-Heng Ko  Duke University  , Kristin Stephens-Martinez  Duke University  , Matthew Zahn  North Carolina State University  , Yesenia Velasco  Duke University  , Lina Battestilli  North Carolina State University  , Sarah Heckman  North Carolina State University 

 13:45 - 15:00 | Introductory Courses Technologies Papers   at Meeting Rooms 317-318 
 13:45   
 18m    
 Talk | Drafter: A Python Library for Full-Stack Web Development in CS1 Global      Papers   
 Austin Cory Bart  University of Delaware, USA  , Nazim Karaca  University of Delaware 
 14:03   
 18m    
 Talk | Embedding Executable Code in Programming Slideshows: Design Considerations and Field Tests for Interactive Code Playgrounds Global      Papers   
 Lorenzo Angeli  University of Trento  , Luca De Menego  Thema Optical  , Maurizio Marchese  University of Trento 
 14:22   
 18m    
 Talk | Midterm Exam Outliers Efficiently Highlight Potential Cheaters on Programming Assignments   Papers   
 Shirin Haji Amin Shirazi  University of California, Riverside  , Ashley Pang  UC Riverside  , Allan Knight  University of California, Riverside  , Mariam Salloum  Univeristy of California Riverside  , Frank Vahid  UC Riverside / zyBooks 

 Deadlines and Submission  
  
 Papers submitted to SIGCSE TS 2025 follow a two-step submission process. The first step requires that authors submit all paper metadata and a plain text abstract in EasyChair  no later than Sunday, 14 July 2024. This data is used to allow reviewers to bid on potential papers to maximize the match of reviewer expertise to paper content. To help the bidding and reviewing process, please submit an abstract that is as close to the finished version as possible. The Program Chairs reserve the right to desk reject abstracts that do not contain content that can help a reviewer during bidding.  
 The second step of the paper submission process is to upload the final anonymized PDF of the full paper for review. This must be completed no later than Sunday, 21 July 2024. Authors who fail to submit an abstract by the first deadline will not be permitted to submit a full PDF.  
 Important Dates   
  
 Abstact Due Date | Sunday, 14 July 2024 
 Abstract Due Time | 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12h) 
 Due Date | Sunday, 21 July 2024 
 Due Time | 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12h) 
 Submission Limits | 6 pages + 1 page only for references 
 Notification to Authors | Monday 30 September 2024 tentative 
 Submission Link | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sigcsets2025 
 Session Duration | 15 minutes 

 Instructions for Authors  
   
 Authors should carefully choose the appropriate track  and review the authorship policies  . Authors may also find it useful to read the Instructions for Reviewers  and the Review Forms  to understand how their submissions will be reviewed. Also note that when submitting, you will need to provide between 3-7 related topics from the Topics list under Info  .  
 Abstracts 
  Submission Templates 
  Double Anonymized Review 
  ACM Policies 
  ORCID IDs 
  Abstracts   
 All papers must have a plain-text abstract of up to 250 words. Abstracts should not contain subheadings or citations. The abstract should be submitted in EasyChair along with paper metadata, and the same text should be included in the PDF version of the full paper at the appropriate location.  
 Submission Templates   
 SIGCSE TS 2025 is NOT  participating in the new ACM TAPS workflow, template, and production system.  
 All paper submissions must be in English and formatted using the 2-column ACM SIG Conference Proceedings format and US letter size pages (8.5x11 inch or 215.9 x 279.4mm).  
 Here is a Sample Paper Submission with Notes  that has some notes/tips and shows the required sections.  
 Page Limits:  Papers are limited to a maximum of 6 pages of body content (including all titles, author information, abstract, main text, tables and illustrations, acknowledgements, and supplemental material). One additional page may be included which contains only references. If included, appendix materials MUST NOT be present on the optional references page.  
 MS Word Authors:  Please use the interim Word template  provided by ACM.  
 LaTeX Authors:   
 Overleaf provides a suitable | two-column sig conference proceedings template | . 
  Please do not use the | anonymous | document class option, as counter-intuitive as that sounds. We’d like to ensure that author blocks appear in the submission, and that option removes them. 
  Other LaTeX users may alternatively use the | ACM Primary template | , adding the “ | sigconf | ” format option in the | documentclass | to obtain the 2-column format. (ACM has recently changed the ACM template and we have not yet had a chance to verify that the new version works correctly.) 
  NOTE: The default LaTeX template text shows appendix materials following the references. | SIGCSE TS 2025 does not  permit appendices on the optional page allotted for references. Authors must include all relevant content within the 6 body pages of the paper. References are the ONLY thing that can be added on page 7. 
  Requirements for Double Anonymous Review Process:  At the time of submission all entries must include blank space for all anonymous author information (or anonymized author name, institution, location, and email address), followed by an abstract  , keywords  , CCS Concepts   , placeholders for the ACM Reference Format  and copyright blocks  , and references  . For anonymized submissions, all blank space necessary for all author information must be reserved under the Title, or fully anonymized text can take its place (e.g. 4 lines containing Author1, Author1Institution, Author1Location, anon1@university.edu  ). In addition, please leave enough blank space for what you intend to include for Acknowledgements but do not include the text, especially names and granting agencies and grant numbers  . Acknowledgements should be included in the first 6 pages.  
 Other requirements:  Please provide a separate block for each author, including name, email, institution, location, and country, even if authors share an institution.  
 Desk Rejects:  Papers that do not adhere to page limits or formatting requirements will be desk rejected without review.  
 Accessibility:  SIGCSE TS 2025 authors are strongly encouraged to prepare submissions using these templates in such a manner that the content is widely accessible to potential reviewers, track chairs, and readers. Please see these resources for preparing an accessible submission.   
 Double Anonymized Review   
 Authors must submit ONLY an anonymized version of the paper  . The goal of the anonymized version is to, as much as possible, provide the author(s) of the paper with an unbiased review. The anonymized version must have ALL mentions of the authors removed (including author’s names and affiliation plus identifying information within the body of the paper such as websites or related publications). However, authors are reminded to leave sufficient space in the submitted manuscripts to accommodate author information either at the beginning or end of the paper. LaTeX/Overleaf users are welcome to use the anonymous option, but are reminded that sufficient room must exist in the 6 body pages to include all author blocks when that option is removed. Authors may choose to use placeholder text in the author information block, but we encourage authors to use obviously anonymized placeholders like “Author 1”, “Affiliation 1”, etc.  
 Self-citations need not be removed if they are worded so that the reviewer doesn’t know if the writer is citing themselves. That is, instead of writing “We reported on our first experiment in 2017 in a previous paper [1]”, the writer might write “In 2017, an initial experiment was done in this area as reported in [1].  
 As per ACM guidelines, authors may distribute a preprint of their work on ArXiv.org. However, to ensure the anonymity of the process, we ask that you not publish your work until after you receive the accept/reject notice. If particular aspects of your paper require earlier distribution of the preprint, please consider changing the title and abstract so that reviewers do not inadvertently discover your identity.  
 Submissions to the Papers tracks are reviewed with the dual-anonymous review process  . The reviewers and meta-reviewers (i.e. associate program chairs or APCs) are unaware of the author identities, and reviewers and APCs are anonymous to each other and to the authors.  
 The reviewing process includes a discussion phase after initial reviews have been posted. During this time, the reviewers and APC can examine all reviews and privately discuss the strengths and weaknesses of the work in an anonymous manner through EasyChair. Following discussion, the APC shall draft a meta-review that holistically captures the group position on the paper, incorporating views raised in the reviews and during the discussion phase.  
 The SIGCSE TS 2025 review process does not  have a rebuttal period for authors to respond to comments, and all acceptance decisions are final.  
 ACM Policies   
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects ( https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/research-involving-human-participants-and-subjects  ). Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy. Please see the Authorship Policies page  for details.  
 ACM has made a commitment to collect ORCiD IDs from all published authors ( https://authors.acm.org/author-resources/orcid-faqs  ). All authors on each submission must have an ORCiD ID ( https://orcid.org/register  ) in order to complete the submission process. Please make sure to get your ORCiD ID in advance of submitting your work. (If EasyChair does not request the ORCiD ID for your coauthors, you do not need to find a way to enter one.)  
   
 Choosing a Track  
   
 Be aware of reviewing guidelines for each track   
 Once submitted, a paper will not be moved between the three paper tracks.  If your paper does not fit with the reviewing criteria below for the track that you chose, it is probable that it will receive lower scores.  
 Authors should check the following review guidelines to see in which track their paper best fits.  
 There are three different paper types at SIGCSE TS  : Computing Education Research (CER), Experience Reports and Tools (ERT), and Position and Curricula Initiative (PCI). Reviewers are assigned to a specific paper track (e.g. a reviewer in the CER track will only be assigned to review papers in that track). This is to avoid confusion and for reviewers to get familiar with the guidelines for their specific paper track.  
 All papers will be considered relative to criteria for motivation, use of prior/related work, approach, evidence, contribution/impact, and presentation. Each track has guidance about how reviewers should consider these criteria relative to the goal of the track, and each paper must be evaluated using the criteria for the track to which it is submitted.  
 The following table illustrates how to interpret the review criteria for each of the three tracks of papers. For convenience, you may also download a PDF copy of the paper review criteria  .  
  
 Criteria | Computing Education Research (CER) | Experience Reports & Tools (ERT) | Position & Curricula Initiative (PCI) 
 Motivation  Evaluate the submissions clarity of purpose and alignment with the scope of the SIGCSE TS. | The submission provides a clear motivation for the work. 
  The submission states a set of clear | Research Questions or Specific Aims/Goals. | The submission provides a clear motivation for the work. 
  Objectives or goals | of the experience report are clearly stated, with an emphasis on contextual factors that help readers interpret the work. 
  ERT submissions | need not | be framed around a set of research questions or theoretical frameworks. | The submission provides a clear motivation for the work. 
  Objectives or goals | of the position or curricula initiative are clearly stated, and speak to issues | beyond a single course or experience 
  Submissions focused on curricula, programs, or degrees should describe the motivating context before the new initiative was undertaken. 
  PCI papers | may or may not | ground the work in theory or research questions. 
 Prior and Related Work  Evaluate the use of prior literature to situate the work, highlight its novelty, and interpret its results. | Discussion of prior and related work (e.g., theories, recent empirical findings, curricular trends) to contextualize and motivate the research is adequate 
  The relationship between prior work and the current study is clearly stated 
  The work | leverages theory where appropriate | . | Discussion of prior and related work to contextualize and motivate the experience report is adequate 
  The relationship between prior work and the experience or tool is clearly stated | Discussion of prior and related work to contextualize and motivate the position or initiative is adequate 
  The relationship between prior work and the proposed initiative or position is clearly stated 
 Approach  Evaluate the transparency and soundness of the approach used in the submission relative to its goals. | Study methods and data collection processes are transparent and clearly described. 
  The methodology described is a valid/sound way to answer the research questions posed or address the aims of the study identified by the authors. 
  The submission provides enough detail to support replication of the methods. | For tool focused papers: Is the design of the tool appropriate for its stated goals? Is the context of its deployment clearly described? 
  For experience report papers: Is the experience sufficiently described to understand how it was designed/executed and who the target learner populations were? 
  For all papers: To what extent does the paper provide reasonable mechanisms of formative assessment about the experience or tool? | The submission uses an appropriate mechanism to present and defend its stated position or curriculum proposal (this may include things like a scoping review, secondary data analysis, program evaluation, among others). 
  As necessary, the approach used is clearly described. 
  PCI papers leveraging a literature-driven argument need not necessarily use a systematic review format, though it may be appropriate for certain types of claims. 
 Evidence  Evaluate the extent to which the submission provides adequate evidence to support its claims. | The analysis & results are clearly presented and aligned with the research questions/goals. 
  Qualitative or quantitative data is interpreted appropriately. 
  Missing or noisy data is addressed. 
  Claims are well supported by the data presented. 
  The | threats to validity | and/or study limitations are clearly stated | The submission provides rich reflection on what did or didn’t work, and why 
  Evidence presented in ERT papers is often descriptive or narrative in format, and may or may not be driven by explicit motivating questions. 
  Claims about the experience or tool are sufficiently scoped within the bounds of the evidence presented. | PCI papers need not present original data collection, but may leverage other forms of scholarly evidence to support the claims made. 
  Evidence presented is sufficient for defending the position or curriculum initiative 
  Claims should be sufficiently scoped relative to the type of evidence presented. 
 Contribution & Impact  Evaluate the overall contribution to computing education made by this submission. | All CER papers should advance our knowledge of computing education 
  Quantitative research should discuss generalizability or transferability of findings beyond the original context. 
  Qualitative research should add deeper understanding about a specific context or problem 
  For novel projects, the contribution beyond prior work is explained 
  For replications, the contribution includes a discussion on the implications of the new results– | even if null or negativ | e–when compared to prior work | Why the submission is of interest to SIGCSE community is clearly explained 
  The work enables adoption by other practitioners 
  The work highlights the novelty of the experience or tool presented 
  The implications for future work/use are clearly stated | The work presents a coherent argument about a computing education topic, including, but not limited to curriculum or program design, practical and social issues facing computing educators, and critiques of existing practices 
  The submission offers new insights about broader concerns to the computing education community or offers guidance for adoption of new curricular approaches. 
 Presentation  Evaluate the writing quality with respect to expectations for publication, allowing for only minor revisions prior to final submission. | The presentation (writing, graphs, or diagrams) is clear 
  Overall flow and organization are appropriate | The presentation (writing, graphs, or diagrams) is clear 
  Overall flow and organization are appropriate | The presentation (writing, graphs, or diagrams) is clear 
  Overall flow and organization are appropriate 
  
 Example papers   
 There are many resources for writing high quality papers for submission to the SIGCSE Technical Symposium. We encourage authors to read and evaluate papers from a prior SIGCSE Technical Symposium, especially those designated as best papers  , which were selected both due to content and high quality reporting.  
 Here are the best papers from SIGCSE TS 2023 as examples that showcase the difference between the three paper tracks.  
 Computing Education Research (CER)   
 Geoffrey L. Herman, Shan Huang, Peter A. Peterson, Linda Oliva, Enis Golaszewski, and Alan T. Sherman. 2023. Psychometric Evaluation of the Cybersecurity Curriculum Assessment. In Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education V. 1 (SIGCSE 2023)  . Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 228–234. https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3545945.3569762 
  Rachel Harred, Tiffany Barnes, Susan R. Fisk, Bita Akram, Thomas W. Price, and Spencer Yoder. 2023. Do Intentions to Persist Predict Short-Term Computing Course Enrollments: A Scale Development, Validation, and Reliability Analysis. In Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education V. 1 (SIGCSE 2023)  . Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1062–1068. https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3545945.3569875 
  Eric J. Mayhew and Elizabeth Patitsas. 2023. Critical Pedagogy in Practice in the Computing Classroom. In Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education V. 1 (SIGCSE 2023)  . Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1076–1082. https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3545945.3569840 
  Experience Reports and Tools (ERT)   
 Bailey Flanigan, Ananya A. Joshi, Sara McAllister, and Catalina Vajiac. 2023. CS-JEDI: Required DEI Education, by CS PhD Students, for CS PhD Students. In | Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education V. 1 (SIGCSE 2023) | . Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 87–93. | https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3545945.3569733 
  Gloria Ashiya Katuka, Yvonika Auguste, Yukyeong Song, Xiaoyi Tian, Amit Kumar, Mehmet Celepkolu, Kristy Elizabeth Boyer, Joanne Barrett, Maya Israel, and Tom McKlin. 2023. A Summer Camp Experience to Engage Middle School Learners in AI through Conversational App Development. In | Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education V. 1 (SIGCSE 2023) | . Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 813–819. | https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3545945.3569864 
  Lisa Zhang, Bogdan Simion, Michael Kaler, Amna Liaqat, Daniel Dick, Andi Bergen, Michael Miljanovic, and Andrew Petersen. 2023. Embedding and Scaling Writing Instruction Across First- and Second-Year Computer Science Courses. In | Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education V. 1 (SIGCSE 2023) | . Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 610–616. | https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3545945.3569729 
  Position and Curricula Initiative (PCI)   
 Brett A. Becker, Paul Denny, James Finnie-Ansley, Andrew Luxton-Reilly, James Prather, and Eddie Antonio Santos. 2023. Programming Is Hard - Or at Least It Used to Be: Educational Opportunities and Challenges of AI Code Generation. In | Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education V. 1 (SIGCSE 2023) | . Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 500–506. | https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3545945.3569759 
  Muwei Zheng, Nathan Swearingen, Steven Mills, Croix Gyurek, Matt Bishop, and Xukai Zou. 2023. Case Study: Mapping an E-Voting Based Curriculum to CSEC2017. In | Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education V. 1 (SIGCSE 2023) | . Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 514–520. | https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3545945.3569811 
  Additional Resources   
 Below, we list additional resources that you may find useful as you write your papers, especially computing education research papers.  
 Writing a research question (csedresearch.org) 
  Reporting Tips (csedresearch.org) 
  Checklist for Research Articles (csedresearch.org) 
  Evaluation Instruments (csedresearch.org) 
  What’s the difference between a research paper and an experience report? (Amy Ko) 
  Language Editing Assistance   
 ACM has partnered with International Science Editing (ISE)  to provide language editing services to ACM authors. ISE offers a comprehensive range of services for authors including standard and premium English language editing, as well as illustration and translation services. Editing services are at author expense and do not guarantee publication of a manuscript.  
   
 Author Checklist  
   
 Additional details are in the instructions for authors  .   
 Getting ready   
 Read over the tab called | “Choosing a Track” | to be certain that you have chosen the appropriate track for submission of your paper. | Refer to the track descriptions on the About tab 
  Make sure that all authors have obtained an | ORCiD | identifier. These identifiers may be required for paper submission. 
  Check the author list carefully now and review with your co-authors. The authors on the submission must be the same as the authors on the final version of the work (assuming the work is accepted). Authors may not be added or removed after submission and must also appear in the same order as in the submission. 
  Identify | at least one author who is willing to review for the symposium | . Have that author or those authors sign up to review at | https://tinyurl.com/review-sigcse25 | . (If they’ve done so already, there is no need to fill out the form a second time.) | Researchers listed as co-authors on three or more submissions must volunteer to review. | (Undergraduate co-authors are exempt from this requirement.) 
  Download the | appropriate template. | Check this Sample Paper Submission with Notes  that has some notes/tips and shows the required sections. 
  Review the | additional resources | for the track. 
  Review the | instructions for reviewers | and the | review forms | to see what reviewers will be looking for in your submission. 
  Look at the list of topics in the Info menu on this site or on EasyChair and pick 3-7 appropriate topics for your submission. This helps in matching reviewers’ expertise with submissions and is different from the next item. 
  Make certain that you have entered CCS concepts in your paper by choosing them from | the ACM Computing Classification System site | . 
  Look at the | EasyChair submission page | to make sure you’ll be prepared to fill everything out. Note that you are permitted to update your submission until the deadline, so it is fine to put draft information there as you get ready. 
  The abstract on EasyChair   
 Note  : EasyChair does not let you save incomplete submission forms. Please fill out all of the fields in one sitting and save them. After that, you can continue to update the information in the fields and your submission until the deadline.   
 Select the appropriate paper track for your paper 
  Submit a 250-word abstract | by 11:59 p.m. AOE, Sunday, 14 July 2024. 
  IMPORTANT: as you enter the author names in EasyChair consider the order. Author lists can NOT be modified (this includes add/remove/reorder) 
  The paper on EasyChair   
 Use an | appropriate template. 
  Ensure that your submission is | appropriately anonymized. 
  Ensure that your submission is accessible. See | accessibility tips for authors | for further details. 
  Ensure that your submission is no more than six pages (plus an additional page for references ONLY). 
  If you add Acknowledgements, anonymize the text and include them in the six pages. (they can NOT be on the additional page) 
  Submit the final version of your paper | by 11:59 p.m. AOE, Sunday, 21 July 2024. 
    
 Instructions for Reviewers  
   
 This page captures the reviewing policies of the papers tracks at SIGCSE TS. Please email the Program Chairs at program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org  with comments or questions.  
 There are three different paper types at SIGCSE TS  : Computing Education Research (CER), Experience Reports and Tools (ERT), and Position and Curricula Initiative (PCI). When authors submit a paper, they have to select to submit to one of the three different types of papers.  
 Timeline 
  EasyChair 
  Roles in the Review Process 
  Paper Reviewing Guidelines (CER, ERT, and PCI) 
  Review Process Steps 
  Conflicts of Interest 
  Recalcitrant Reviewers 
  Timeline   
  
 Reviewing Phase | Start Date | End Date 
 Bidding | Monday, 15 July 2024 | Thursday, 1 August 2024 
 Reviewing | Monday, 5 August 2024 | Wednesday, 21 August 2024 
 Discussion & Recommendations | Thursday, 22 August 2024 | Thursday, 29 August 2024 
  
 Note  : Associate Program Chair (APC) Recommendation and Meta-Review Deadline: 11:59 p.m. Friday, 30 August 2024 anywhere on earth (AOE)  
 EasyChair   
 The review process for SIGCSE TS 2025 will be done using the EasyChair submission system ( https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=sigcsets2025  ) .  
 Preparing to Bid in EasyChair   
 Reviewers will be invited to join/login into EasyChair. Once you have accepted your invitation, you should update your profile, select topics you are most qualified to review, and identify conflicts of interest.  
 Selecting topics  : Select SIGCSE TS 2025 > Conference > My topics  from the menu and select at about five topics you are most qualified to review. Please select no more than seven topics; more topics make it harder for the EasyChair system to make a good set of matches.  
 Conflicts of interest  : Reviewers also identify their Conflicts of Interest  by selecting SIGCSE TS 2025 > Conference > My Conflicts  .  
 Reviewing in EasyChair   
 To review a paper.  
 Select “PC member (Paper - Experience Reports and Tools)” in the SIGCSE TS 2025 area  
 Log in to EasyChair. 
  In the EasyChair menu, select “My Recent Roles” 
  Select your PC member role in the SIGCSE TS 2025 area 
  Select | Reviews > Assigned to Me 
  Click on the Adobe PDF icon that corresponds to the paper. Doing so will give you access to the paper. 
  Make sure you’ve looked over | the review criteria | . 
  Click on the “Information” link (the I in a blue circle) associated with the paper. 
  Click on “Add Review” in the upper-right-hand corner 
  Enter your answers in a text editor or word processor. (EasyChair times out.) 
  Copy your answers over to EasyChair. 
  To update your review.  
 Select | Reviews > Assigned to Me 
  Click on the appropriate link in the “Update Review” column. 
  You might also want to click on “Show Reviews”, where you can see other reviews and comments, update your review, and add a comment.  
 Roles in the Review Process   
 Reviewers | write reviews of their assigned submissions, evaluating them against the review criteria. 
  Associate Program Chairs (APCs) | write meta-review for their assigned submissions and provide a recommendation (accept/reject) and feedback to the Program Chairs. 
  Program Chairs | make the final decisions on the program based on recommendations from the APCs (for papers) and from track chairs (for other tracks). 
  SIGCSE TS has three Program Chairs, each of whom serves a two-year term. Nominations for Program Chairs are solicited by the SIGCSE TS steering committee, which makes recommendations to the SIGCSE Board. Program Chairs are appointed by the SIGCSE board.  
 The Program Chairs invite and appoint the Reviewers and APCs. The number of submissions per Reviewer/APC depends on the number of volunteers and the size of the submissions pool.  
 The goals is for each paper submission to receive at least three reviews and a meta-review. All reviews are submitted through the submission system. In EasyChair, Reviewers are considered “Ordinary PC members” and APCs are considered “Senior PC members”.  
 Paper Reviewing Guidelines (CER, ERT, and PCI)   
 There are three different paper types at SIGCSE TS  : Computing Education Research (CER), Experience Reports and Tools (ERT), and Position and Curricula Initiative (PCI). Reviewers are assigned to a specific paper track (e.g. a reviewer in the CER track will only be assigned to review papers in that track). This is to avoid confusion and for reviewers to get familiar with the guidelines for their specific paper track.  
 All papers will be considered relative to criteria for motivation, use of prior/related work, approach, evidence, contribution/impact, and presentation. Each track has guidance about how reviewers should consider these criteria relative to the goal of the track, and each paper must be evaluated using the criteria for the track to which it is submitted. A paper will not be moved between the three paper tracks.   
 The following table illustrates how to interpret the review criteria for each of the three tracks of papers. Please refer to this table to help better understand the emphases or characteristics of the track for which you will be reviewing. For convenience, you may also download a PDF copy of the paper review criteria  .  
  
 Criteria | Computing Education Research (CER) | Experience Reports & Tools (ERT) | Position & Curricula Initiative (PCI) 
 Motivation  Evaluate the submissions clarity of purpose and alignment with the scope of the SIGCSE TS. | The submission provides a clear motivation for the work. 
  The submission states a set of clear | Research Questions or Specific Aims/Goals. | The submission provides a clear motivation for the work. 
  Objectives or goals | of the experience report are clearly stated, with an emphasis on contextual factors that help readers interpret the work. 
  ERT submissions | need not | be framed around a set of research questions or theoretical frameworks. | The submission provides a clear motivation for the work. 
  Objectives or goals | of the position or curricula initiative are clearly stated, and speak to issues | beyond a single course or experience 
  Submissions focused on curricula, programs, or degrees should describe the motivating context before the new initiative was undertaken. 
  PCI papers | may or may not | ground the work in theory or research questions. 
 Prior and Related Work  Evaluate the use of prior literature to situate the work, highlight its novelty, and interpret its results. | Discussion of prior and related work (e.g., theories, recent empirical findings, curricular trends) to contextualize and motivate the research is adequate 
  The relationship between prior work and the current study is clearly stated 
  The work | leverages theory where appropriate | . | Discussion of prior and related work to contextualize and motivate the experience report is adequate 
  The relationship between prior work and the experience or tool is clearly stated | Discussion of prior and related work to contextualize and motivate the position or initiative is adequate 
  The relationship between prior work and the proposed initiative or position is clearly stated 
 Approach  Evaluate the transparency and soundness of the approach used in the submission relative to its goals. | Study methods and data collection processes are transparent and clearly described. 
  The methodology described is a valid/sound way to answer the research questions posed or address the aims of the study identified by the authors. 
  The submission provides enough detail to support replication of the methods. | For tool focused papers: Is the design of the tool appropriate for its stated goals? Is the context of its deployment clearly described? 
  For experience report papers: Is the experience sufficiently described to understand how it was designed/executed and who the target learner populations were? 
  For all papers: To what extent does the paper provide reasonable mechanisms of formative assessment about the experience or tool? | The submission uses an appropriate mechanism to present and defend its stated position or curriculum proposal (this may include things like a scoping review, secondary data analysis, program evaluation, among others). 
  As necessary, the approach used is clearly described. 
  PCI papers leveraging a literature-driven argument need not necessarily use a systematic review format, though it may be appropriate for certain types of claims. 
 Evidence  Evaluate the extent to which the submission provides adequate evidence to support its claims. | The analysis & results are clearly presented and aligned with the research questions/goals. 
  Qualitative or quantitative data is interpreted appropriately. 
  Missing or noisy data is addressed. 
  Claims are well supported by the data presented. 
  The | threats to validity | and/or study limitations are clearly stated | The submission provides rich reflection on what did or didn’t work, and why 
  Evidence presented in ERT papers is often descriptive or narrative in format, and may or may not be driven by explicit motivating questions. 
  Claims about the experience or tool are sufficiently scoped within the bounds of the evidence presented. | PCI papers need not present original data collection, but may leverage other forms of scholarly evidence to support the claims made. 
  Evidence presented is sufficient for defending the position or curriculum initiative 
  Claims should be sufficiently scoped relative to the type of evidence presented. 
 Contribution & Impact  Evaluate the overall contribution to computing education made by this submission. | All CER papers should advance our knowledge of computing education 
  Quantitative research should discuss generalizability or transferability of findings beyond the original context. 
  Qualitative research should add deeper understanding about a specific context or problem 
  For novel projects, the contribution beyond prior work is explained 
  For replications, the contribution includes a discussion on the implications of the new results– | even if null or negativ | e–when compared to prior work | Why the submission is of interest to SIGCSE community is clearly explained 
  The work enables adoption by other practitioners 
  The work highlights the novelty of the experience or tool presented 
  The implications for future work/use are clearly stated | The work presents a coherent argument about a computing education topic, including, but not limited to curriculum or program design, practical and social issues facing computing educators, and critiques of existing practices 
  The submission offers new insights about broader concerns to the computing education community or offers guidance for adoption of new curricular approaches. 
 Presentation  Evaluate the writing quality with respect to expectations for publication, allowing for only minor revisions prior to final submission. | The presentation (writing, graphs, or diagrams) is clear 
  Overall flow and organization are appropriate | The presentation (writing, graphs, or diagrams) is clear 
  Overall flow and organization are appropriate | The presentation (writing, graphs, or diagrams) is clear 
  Overall flow and organization are appropriate 
  
 Review Process Steps   
 Step 1: Authors submit Abstracts of Papers   
 Authors submit a title and abstract one week prior to the full paper deadline. Authors are allowed to revise their title, abstract, and other information before the full paper submission deadline.  
 Step 2: Reviewers and APCs Bid for Papers   
 Reviewers and APCs select topics they feel most qualified to review. This helps the system prioritize papers.  
 Reviewers and APCs are then asked to select a set of papers for which they have sufficient expertise (we call this “bidding”). The Program Chairs assign papers based on these bids. The purpose of bidding is NOT to express interest in papers you want to read  . It is to express your expertise and eligibility for fairly evaluating the work. These are subtly but importantly different purposes. We ask reviewers and APCs to select more papers than they plan to review so that we can best ensure that every paper has at least three reviewers.  
 Make sure to specify all of your | Conflicts of Interest | . 
  Bid on all of the papers you believe you have sufficient expertise to review. 
  Do NOT bid on papers about topics, techniques, or methods that you oppose. 
  Step 3: Authors submit Full Papers   
 Submissions of the full papers are due one week after the abstracts are due. As indicated in the Instructions for Authors  , submissions are supposed to be sufficiently anonymous so that the reviewer cannot determine the identity or affiliation of the authors. The main purpose of the anonymous reviewing process is to reduce the influence of potential (positive or negative) biases on reviewers’ assessments. You should be able to review the work without knowing the authors or their affiliations. Do not try to find out the identity of authors. When in doubt, please contact the Program Chairs.  
 Step 4: Program Chairs Decide on Desk Rejects   
 The Program Chairs will quickly review each paper submission to determine whether it violates anonymization requirements, length restrictions, or plagiarism policies. Authors of desk-rejected papers will be notified immediately. The Program Chairs may not catch every issue. If you see something during the review process that you believe should be desk rejected, contact the Program Chairs at program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org  before you write a review. The Program Chairs will make the final judgment about whether something is a violation, and give you guidance on whether and if so how to write a review. Note that Program Chairs with conflicts of interest are excluded from deciding on desk-rejected papers, leaving the decision to the other Program Chairs.  
 Step 5: Program Chairs Assign Reviewers and APCs   
 Based on the bids and their judgment, the Program Chairs will collaboratively assign at least three Reviewers and one APC (meta-reviewer) for each paper submission. The Program Chairs will be advised by the submission system assignment algorithm, which depends on all bids being high quality. For the reviewer assignments to be fair and good, the reviewer bids should only be based on expertise and eligibility. Interest alone is not sufficient for bidding to review a paper. Reviewing assignments can only be made by a Program Chair without a conflict of interest.  
 Step 6a: Reviewers Review Papers   
 Assigned Reviewers submit their anonymous reviews by the review deadline, reviewing each of their assigned submissions against the Paper Reviewing Guidelines (CER, ERT, and PCI)  . We strongly recommend that you prepare your rationale in a separate document; EasyChair has been known to time out.   
 Note that Reviewers must NOT include accept or reject decisions in their review text  . (They will indicate accept/reject recommendations separately.)  
 Due to the internal and external (publication) deadlines, we generally cannot give reviewers or APCs extensions. Note that reviewers, meta-reviewers, and Program Chairs with conflicts cannot see any of the reviews of the papers for which they have conflicts of interest during this process.  
 Step 6b: APCs and Program Chairs Monitor Review Progress   
 APCs and Program Chairs periodically check in to ensure that progress is being made. If needed, reminders are emailed to the reviewers with the expectations and timelines. If needed, the Program Chairs recruit emergency reviewers if any of the submissions do not have a sufficient number of reviews, if there is lots of variability in the reviews, or if an expert review is needed.  
 Step 7: Discussion between Reviewers and APCs   
 The discussion period provides the opportunity for the Reviewers and the APCs to discuss the reviews and reach an agreement on the quality of the submission relative to the expectations for the track to which it was submitted. The APCs  are expected to take leadership role and moderate the discussion. Reviewers  are expected to engage in the discussion when prompted by other Reviewers and/or by the APCs by using the Comments feature of EasyChair.  
 During the discussion period, Reviewers are able to revise their reviews but are NOT required to do so. It is important that at no point Reviewers feel forced to change their reviews, scores, or viewpoints in this process. The APC can disagree with the reviewers and communicate this to the Program Chairs if needed. Everyone is asked to do the following:  
 Read all the reviews of all papers assigned (and re-read your own reviews). 
  Engage in a discussion about sources of disagreement. 
  Use the | Paper Reviewing Guidelines (CER, ERT and PCI) | to guide your discussions. 
  Be polite, friendly, and constructive at all times. 
  Be responsive and react as soon as new information comes in. 
  Remain open to other reviewers shifting your judgments. 
  Explicitly state any clarifying questions that could change your evaluation of the paper 
  At the end of the discussion period, the APCs should have enough feedback so that they can make a recommendation for acceptance or rejection to the Program Chairs. This recommendation should be based on their own reading of the reviews and discussion, not simply on the overall score.  
 Step 8: APCs Write Meta-Reviews   
 Toward the end of the discussion period, APCs use the reviews, the discussion, and their own evaluation of the submission to write a meta-review and a recommendation for the Program Chairs. A meta-review should summarize the key strengths and weaknesses of the submission, in light of the Paper Reviewing Guidelines (CER, ERT, and PCI)  and explain how these led to their recommendation decision. APCs are encouraged to also include their review/feedback in the meta-review. The summary and explanation should help the authors in revising their work where appropriate. The meta-review must constructively summarize all reviews and the discussion as well as summarize any open questions and doubts. A generic meta-review (“After long discussion, the reviewers decided that the paper is not up to standards, and therefore rejected the paper”) is not sufficient.  
 APCs do not include their recommendation for acceptance or rejection  of a paper in their meta-review because they only see a small portion of the submitted papers. Instead, the APCs are asked to make a recommendation of accept or reject to the Program Chairs via the submission system. If however, the Reviewers had differing views and a consensus could not be reached, then the APC captures the essence of all reviews and leaves their recommendation as neutral, and the submission is then further discussed by the Program Chairs.  
 Recommendations should NOT be based only on scores. For example, an APC may decide to recommend rejection for a paper with three weak accepts, but recommend acceptance for a paper with two accepts and one strong reject (or vice versa)  
 Step 9: Program Chairs Make Decisions & Notify Authors   
 Before announcing decisions, the Program Chairs go through all the submissions and read all the reviews and meta-reviews to ensure clarity and consistency with the review process and its criteria as possible. This is done via synchronous meetings of the Program Chairs. APCs are consulted if needed. The Chairs make decisions based on recommendations and their own expertise as well as a desire to provide an appropriately varied program.  
 The Program Chairs then notify all authors of the decisions about their papers via the submission system.  
 Step 10: Evaluation   
 The Evaluation Chairs send out surveys to authors, reviewers, and APCs. Please take the time to respond to these surveys, as they inform processes and policies for future SIGCSE Technical Symposia.  
 The Program Chairs also request feedback from the APCs on the quality of reviews as a metric to be used for future invitations to review for the SIGCSE Technical Symposium.  
 We will do our best to identify a small set of exceptional reviewers who will receive reviewing awards at the symposium.  
 Conflicts of Interest   
 SIGCSE TS takes conflicts of interest, both real and perceived, quite seriously. The conference adheres to the ACM conflict of interest policy ( https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/conflict-of-interest  ) as well as the SIGCSE conflict of interest policy ( https://sigcse.org/policies/COI.html  ). These state that a paper submitted to the SIGCSE TS is a conflict of interest for an individual if at least one of the following is true:  
 The individual is a co-author of the paper 
  A student of the individual is a co-author of the paper 
  The individual identifies the paper as a conflict of interest, i.e., that the individual does not believe that they can provide an impartial evaluation of the paper. 
  The following policies apply to conference organizers:  
 The Program Chairs are not allowed to submit to any track. 
  The chairs of any track are not allowed to submit to that specific track. 
  All other conference organizers are allowed to submit to any track. 
  All reviewers (PC members) and meta-reviewers (APC members) are allowed to submit to any track. 
  No reviewer, meta-reviewer, or chair with a conflict of interest in the paper will be included in any evaluation, discussion, or decision about the paper. It is the responsibility of the reviewers, meta-reviewers, and chairs to declare their conflicts of interest throughout the process. The corresponding actions are outlined below for each relevant step of the reviewing process. It is the responsibility of the chairs to ensure that no reviewer or meta-reviewer is assigned a role in the review process for any paper for which they have a conflict of interest.  
 Recalcitrant Reviewers   
 Reviewers who don’t submit reviews, have reviews with limited constructive feedback, do not engage effectively in the discussion phase, or submit inappropriate reviews will be removed from the reviewer list (as per SIGCSE policy  ). Recalcitrant reviewers will be informed of their removal from the reviewer list. Reviewers with repeated offenses (two within a three-year period) will be removed from SIGCSE reviewing for three years.  
   
 Reviewer FAQ  
   
 These are some of the more common questions (and categories of questions) the Program Chairs have received. Please look over these questions in advance of reviewing. If you have a question not covered here (or even if you have a question about the questions covered here), please reach out to the program chairs at program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org  .   
 Anonymity   
 General principle: We expect authors to make a good-faith effort to make their papers anonymous. We will not reject papers because it is possible with some sleuthing to discover their authors. If you do discover the authors’ identities, do your best to ignore them.   
 I was looking up aspects of this paper on the Web and found a copy of the paper on ArXiV (or other online archive) with the authors’ names listed. Does this break anonymity?  No. ACM Policy indicates that authors may submit works under review to online archives.  I see the name “Trovato” in the header of the document. Is this the name of one of the authors, thereby breaking anonymity?  No. “Trovato” is one of the default names in the ACM LaTeX template. You can feel free to ignore the name.  The name of the institution is mentioned in the text of the paper. Does this break anonymity?  Yes. Do your best to review the paper as if you did not know the authors and include a confidential comment in your review indicating this issue.  The name of the project is mentioned in the text of the paper. When I searched for the project on the Web so that I could better understand it, I discovered who the authors were.  Ideally, the authors should have anonymized the name of the project. Do your best to review the paper as if you did not know the authors and include a confidential comment in your review indicating this issue.   Human Subject Protection   
 General principle: We expect members of our community to follow high standards for the protection of human subjects. In particular, All authors submitting to SIGCSE TS are responsible for adhering to the ACM Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  .   
 However, different countries and different institutions have different policies or interpretations of policies. For example, US policies recently changed to exempt normal classroom activities as long as they do not affect student learning. Different institutions have interpreted that exemption in multiple ways and have different processes for obtaining that exemption.   
 In general, reviewers should assume that authors are telling the truth when they indicate that a study is exempt from review by the local IRB/ethics board. Nonetheless, if a reviewer has any concern about human subjects protection in a study, they should reach out to their APC and the Program Chairs.    
 The paper includes a study of students but indicates that “the work does not directly involve human participants”. Is that okay?  A study that involves students might be exempt from review, but it does  involve human participants. Please reach out to your APC and the Program Chairs so that we can clarify this issue. Then review the paper as if the work is acceptable.  The authors note that the project is exempt from review, but I have trouble believing that. It certainly wouldn’t be at my institution.  Policies vary between countries and their interpretation varies between institutions. Nonetheless, if you are worried, please reach out to your APC and the Program Chairs so that we can clarify this issue. Then review the paper as if the work is acceptable.  I am concerned that this study could cause harm to the participants.  Please reach out to your APC and the Program Chairs.   Plagiarism, including self plagiarism   
 I am concerned that this paper is too close to another paper I have seen (or am reviewing).  Please reach out to your APC and the Program Chairs so that we can explore the issue.Then review the paper as if the work is acceptable. Note that authors can (confidentially) tell the Program Chairs about potential overlaps between papers and it is the Program Chairs’ responsibility to determine whether such overlaps are acceptable.  The running header for this paper appears to be for an earlier iteration of the SIGCSE Technical Symposium. I am concerned that this work may be recycled.  Authors are certainly permitted to update and resubmit papers that were not accepted. Authors have also been known to reuse prior submissions as a template. In some such cases, they neglect to update the header. We find that these are the most common reasons we see headers that indicate a prior conference. However, if you are concerned that the content is recycled from an accepted paper, please reach out to your APC and the Program Chairs.   Generative AI   
 Projects involving generative AI   
 The authors built a system using data that they did not generate. They do not seem to have obtained permission to do so. What should I do?  SIGCSE TS requires that authors obtain permission to use other people’s data and to explicitly indicate this in the acknowledgements section. Please reach out to your APC and the Program Chairs so that we can clarify this issue. Then review the paper as if the work is acceptable.   Authors’ use of generative AI   
 I believe that the authors used ChatGPT, Google Translate, or other tool in writing this paper. However, they have not acknowledged this use.  ACM policy permits authors to use generative AI tools but requires that they acknowledge the use of such tools. Please reach out to your APC and the Program Chairs so that we can clarify this issue. Then review the paper as if the work is acceptable. You may also indicate your concerns in the review, but please clarify that your concerns did not affect your overall rating (unless the tools led to poor writing).  I am worried that some of the references are fake, perhaps generated by a tool.  Please reach out to your APC and the Program Chairs ASAP. Then review the paper as if the work is acceptable.   Reviewers’ use of generative AI   
 Please refer to the general AI policies for some background.   
 May I use ChatGPT or other Generative AI tool to write my reviews?  No. It is a violation of ACM policies to feed the authors’ text into an online tool.  Can I use the Google “Help Me Write” tool, Microsoft writing tools, Grammarly, or other similar software?  Yes.  I’m worried that some text in this paper plagiarizes text from elsewhere. May I use TurnItIn or similar software to check?  No. If you have such concerns, please reach out to your APC and the Program Chairs.   Track choice   
 This paper was submitted to XXX but I think it belongs in YYY.  We do not switch papers between tracks. Please review the paper according to the criteria of the track the authors selected. You may certainly raise your concern about choice of track during the discussion and you can also include a comment in the confidential notes to the Program Chairs.   Concerns about other reviewers   
 I think another reviewer’s comments are overly harsh.  Please mention that during the discussion. (Please be polite in doing so.) If the other reviewer does not respond, reach out to the APC.  I think another reviewer’s reviews were generated by ChatGPT or other tool.  Please reach out to your APC or the Program Chairs. Do not accuse another reviewer directly.  I am concerned that another reviewer’s comments are inappropriate.  If you are comfortable doing so, please mention that during the discussion. If not, please reach out to the APC or the Program Chairs, who can then raise the issue with the other reviewer.     
 Review Forms  
   
 The approximate text from the review form follows.   
 Note that not all reviewer responses are available to authors.   
 Common Introductory Fields   
 Summary  : Please provide a brief summary of the submission, its audience, and its main point(s), with respect to the review criteria of this track. Refer to the Table on the SIGCSE TS 2025 website (i.e., Instructions for Reviewers  ) to familiarize yourself with the review criteria for the appropriate track: (1) Computing Education Research, (2) Experience Reports and Tools, and (3) Position and Curricula Initiatives.  
 Familiarity  : Rate your personal familiarity with the topic area of this submission in relation to your research or practical experience.  
 None - I have never reviewed or written a paper or otherwise have experience in this area 
  Low - I have read papers or otherwise have slight experience in this area 
  Medium - I have reviewed papers or otherwise have some experience in this area 
  High - I have written and reviewed papers or otherwise have moderate experience in this area 
  Expert - I have written and reviewed many papers or otherwise have extensive experience in this area 
  Computing Education Research   
 Motivation (CER)  : Evaluate the submission’s clarity of purpose and alignment with the scope of the SIGCSE TS.  
 The submission provides a clear motivation for the work. 
  The submission states a set of clear Research Questions or Specific Aims/Goals. 
  Prior and Related Work (CER)  : Evaluate the use of prior literature to situate the work, highlight its novelty, and interpret its results.  
 Discussion of prior and related work (e.g., theories, recent empirical findings, curricular trends) to contextualize and motivate the research is adequate. 
  The relationship between prior work and the current study is clearly stated. 
  The work leverages theory where appropriate. 
  Approach (CER)  : Evaluate the transparency and soundness of the approach used in the submission relative to its goals.  
 Study methods and data collection processes are transparent and clearly described. 
  The methodology described is a valid/sound way to answer the research questions posed or address the aims of the study identified by the authors. 
  The submission provides enough detail to support replication of the methods. 
  Evidence (CER)  : Evaluate the extent to which the submission provides adequate evidence to support its claims.  
 The analysis & results are clearly presented and aligned with the research questions/goals. 
  Qualitative or quantitative data is interpreted appropriately. 
  Missing or noisy data is addressed. 
  Claims are well supported by the data presented. 
  The threats to validity and/or study limitations are clearly stated. 
  Contribution & Impact (CER)  : Evaluate the overall contribution to computing education made by this submission.  
 All CER papers should advance our knowledge of computing education. 
  Quantitative research should discuss generalizability or transferability of findings beyond the original context. 
  Qualitative research should add deeper understanding about a specific context or problem. 
  For novel projects, the contribution beyond prior work is explained. 
  For replications, the contribution includes a discussion on the implications of the new results–even if null or negative–when compared to prior work. 
  Presentation (CER)  : Evaluate the writing quality with respect to expectations for publication, allowing for only minor revisions prior to final submission.  
 The presentation (e.g., writing, grammar, graphs, diagrams) is clear. 
  Overall flow and organization are appropriate. 
  Experience Reports and Tools   
 Motivation (ERT)  Evaluate the submission’s clarity of purpose and alignment with the scope of the SIGCSE TS.  
 The submission provides a clear motivation for the work. 
  Objectives or goals of the experience report are clearly stated, with an emphasis on contextual factors that help readers interpret the work. 
  ERT submissions need NOT be framed around a set of research questions or theoretical frameworks. 
  Prior and Related Work (ERT)  Evaluate the use of prior literature to situate the work, highlight its novelty, and interpret its results.  
 Discussion of prior and related work to contextualize and motivate the experience report is adequate. 
  The relationship between prior work and the experience or tool is clearly stated. 
  Approach (ERT)  : Evaluate the transparency and soundness of the approach used in the submission relative to its goals.  
 For tool-focused papers: Is the design of the tool appropriate for its stated goals? Is the context of its deployment clearly described? 
  For experience report papers: Is the experience sufficiently described to understand how it was designed/executed and who the target learner populations were? 
  For all papers: To what extent does the paper provide reasonable mechanisms of formative assessment about the experience or tool? 
  Evidence (ERT)  : Evaluate the extent to which the submission provides adequate evidence to support its claims.  
 The submission provides rich reflection on what did or didn’t work, and why. 
  Evidence presented in ERT papers is often descriptive or narrative in format, and may or may not be driven by explicit motivating questions. 
  ERT papers may include small-scale studies, but they need not be statistically significant. 
  Claims about the experience or tool are sufficiently scoped within the bounds of the evidence presented. 
  Contribution & Impact (ERT)  : Evaluate the overall contribution to computing education made by this submission.  
 Why the submission is of interest to SIGCSE community is clearly explained. 
  The work enables adoption by other practitioners. 
  The work highlights the novelty of the experience or tool presented. 
  The implications for future work/use are clearly stated. 
  Presentation (ERT)  : Evaluate the writing quality with respect to expectations for publication, allowing for only minor revisions prior to final submission.  
 The presentation (e.g., writing, grammar, graphs, diagrams) is clear. 
  Overall flow and organization are appropriate. 
  Position Papers and Curricular Initiatives   
 Motivation (PCI)  : Evaluate the submission’s clarity of purpose and alignment with the scope of the SIGCSE TS.  
 The submission provides a clear motivation for the work. 
  Objectives or goals of the position or curricula initiative are clearly stated, and speak to issues beyond a single course or experience. 
  Submissions focused on curricula, programs, or degrees should describe the motivating context before the new initiative was undertaken. 
  PCI papers may or may not ground the work in theory or research questions. 
  Prior and Related Work (PCI)  : Evaluate the use of prior literature to situate the work, highlight its novelty, and interpret its results.  
 Discussion of prior and related work to contextualize and motivate the position or initiative is adequate. 
  The relationship between prior work and the proposed initiative or position is clearly stated. 
  Approach (PCI)  : Evaluate the transparency and soundness of the approach used in the submission relative to its goals.  
 The submission uses an appropriate mechanism to present and defend its stated position or curriculum proposal (this may include things like a scoping review, secondary data analysis, program evaluation, among others). 
  As necessary, the approach used is clearly described. 
  PCI papers leveraging a literature-driven argument need not necessarily use a systematic review format, though it may be appropriate for certain types of claims. 
  Evidence (PCI)  : Evaluate the extent to which the submission provides adequate evidence to support its claims.  
 PCI papers need not present original data collection, but may leverage other forms of scholarly evidence to support the claims made. 
  Evidence presented is sufficient for defending the position or curriculum initiative. 
  Claims should be sufficiently scoped relative to the type of evidence presented. 
  Contribution & Impact (PCI)  Evaluate the overall contribution to computing education made by this submission.  
 The work presents a coherent argument about a computing education topic, including, but not limited to curriculum or program design, practical and social issues facing computing educators, and critiques of existing practices. 
  The submission offers new insights about broader concerns to the computing education community or offers guidance for adoption of new curricular approaches. 
  Presentation (PCI)  : Evaluate the writing quality with respect to expectations for publication, allowing for only minor revisions prior to final submission.  
 The presentation (e.g., writing, grammar, graphs, diagrams) is clear. 
  Overall flow and organization are appropriate. 
  Common Text: Recommendation   
 Overall evaluation  : Please provide a detailed justification that includes constructive feedback that summarizes the strengths & weaknesses of the submission and clarifies your scores. Both the score and the review text are required, but remember that the authors will not see the overall recommendation score (only your review text). You should NOT directly include your preference for acceptance or rejection in your review.  
   
 Post-Acceptance and Presentation Information  
   
 Presentation Details   
 In-person presentations   
 TLDR: Each talk is in a session containing four talks. Please check the schedule in the Program menu for when and where your talk will be presented. Please arrive at the beginning of the session. You will need to bring your own laptop and an HDMI connector (e.g., an HDMI dongle for your laptop). New for 2025  : Your talk should be 15 minutes  with 5 minutes for questions.  
 Presentation Room & Technology  
 All presentation rooms will have a podium with a microphone, 16:9 (aspect ratio) projectors and screens, with a single HDMI cable for video, and speakers.  
 You must bring your own laptop or plan to use someone else’s, the symposium will NOT provide one for you. Please bring with you the appropriate dongle to connect your laptop to HDMI.  
 Due to technical limitations in the convention center, paper presentations on-site in Pittsburgh will not be live streamed for virtual attendance. Nor will those attending the symposium virtually be able to present live in a physically scheduled paper session.  
 Presentation Session  
 New for 2025  : There will be four  paper presentations in each of the in-person paper sessions. Each paper presentation is a 20-minute block, which is a presentation of 15-minutes followed by 5-minutes for questions and answers. The session chair will introduce the session, and then prior to each paper presentation, will introduce you (the presenter), keep track of time, and provide you with five-minute, two-minute, and one-minute warnings before the question and answer period begins. Please note that the full paper presentation has a 20-minute limit and this is a hard stop time.  
 Speakers’ Lounge  
 In-person authors will have access to a speaker’s lounge room throughout the conference. This is a quiet space for you to grab a cup of coffee, meet with your co-authors, prepare for your presentation, or log in to a Zoom call without going back to your hotel room.  
 Online presentation modality   
 There are limited slots for presenting a paper online. Requests for presenting over Zoom will be only considered during a short time after paper acceptance. If you indicate you will present in person or do not request an online presentation, then one author must present at the conference venue.  
 The authors for the Online Papers will present their papers ONLINE over a Zoom Session, which will be streamed live. Therefore, the presentations of the Online Papers can be attended by both In-person Attendees (in rooms in the venue) and Online Attendees (over Zoom).  
 The Zoom links will be sent to the online paper presenters on the day of their presentation.  
 Format of Online Presentation Sessions:  
 There will be four paper presentations in each of the Online Paper sessions. Each paper presentation is a 20-minute block, which is a presentation of 15-minutes followed by 5-minutes for questions and answers. A Session Chair will manage the session with the help of a Student Volunteer.  
 Session Chair and Student Volunteer Responsibilities:  
 There will be a wired laptop logged into Zoom at the front of the room. The Session Chair, the Student Volunteer (and possibly a Hybrid Chair) will also be physically in the room and logged into Zoom to make sure that the online audience is muted and the online presenters are made co-hosts and can share their screens.  
 The Session Chair will introduce the presenter(s) before their presentations. To help presenters manage their time effectively, Session Chairs will use the Zoom Chat option to provide five-minute, two-minute, and one-minute warnings before the question and answer period begins. Please note that each full paper presentation has a 20-minute limit, and this is a hard stop time.  
 Session Chairs and Student Volunteers will ensure that questions from in-person attendees are relayed to the online presenters. The Online audience can ask their questions by unmuting themselves or through the Zoom chat. The in-person attendees must ask questions by relaying their questions to the Student Volunteer or the Zoom Chat.  
   Presentation Modality: Due TDB   
 Authors for all accepted papers must select a mode for presenting at the symposium (online or in-person). The first corresponding author on each paper should receive a survey by email shortly after acceptance notifications are sent. This survey should be completed only once per accepted paper.  
 Presentation modality selection is required by TDB. If authors do not submit a modality choice by the deadline, the paper will default to in-person presentation modality and will not be assigned to an online session.   
 Registration:   
 In order for your paper to be presented at the symposium and included in the proceedings, at least one author must register for the conference. Please let us know immediately if you or your co-authors are unable to present your paper at the symposium so we can withdraw it.  
 Camera-Ready: Due 17 November 2024   
 Authors should carefully consider the reviews when preparing final CAMERA-READY submissions. A camera-ready PDF must be submitted to Sheridan Communications for inclusion in the conference proceedings.  
 Authors can find initial instructions for preparing final camera-ready documents here: TBD 
  We also remind authors to | review the accessibility tips | to ensure the symposium content is widely usable for all parties. 
  Optional Video Presentations   
 Authors opting to provide the OPTIONAL video for the ACM DL as described in the camera-ready instructions, must check “YES” for being recorded on the ACM rights review form. If that option is not checked, the video will not be included in the ACM DL. Those who check “YES” will be asked to provide a video file for the ACM DL for the conference proceedings.  

 Submission Link   
   
   https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sigcsets2025     
   
 Program Chairs    
   
 Samuel A. Rebelsky Program Co-Chair (program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org)    
 Grinnell College   
 United States 
  Libby Shoop Program Co-Chair (program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org)    
 Macalester College 
  James Prather Program Co-Chair (program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org)    
 Abilene Christian University   
 United States 

 x  Tue 3 Dec 12:33    

  SIGCSE TS 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 SIGCSE TS 2025  
 Keynotes   
  Papers   
  Panels   
  Special Sessions   
  Tutorials   
  ACM Student Research Competition   
  Birds of a Feather   
  Demos   
  Lightning Talks   
  Nifty Assignments   
  Posters   
  Affiliated Events   
  Journal First   
  Supporter Sessions   
  Logistics    

 Attending  
 Registration   
  Hotels and Roommates   
  Venue Information   
  Student Volunteers   
  Kids' Camp   
  SIGCSE TS Travel Grant Donations   
  Safe and Respectful Environment   
  Pittsburgh Information

30. Conference SIGMOD_3:
ACM SIGMOD/PODS  International Conference on Management of Data, June 22-27, 2025 Berlin, Germany    
   
 Welcome  
 Homepage 
  Reproducibility 
  Inclusion and Diversity 
  News 
  Organization  
 Organization 
  SIGMOD PC 
  PODS PC 
  SIGMOD Industry PC 
  SIGMOD Demo PC 
  SIGMOD Tutorial PC 
  Sponsor Opportunities 
  ACM SIGMOD Online 

  Participant Information  
 Registration 
  Conference Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Tourism 
  About Germany 
    
 Calls For Submissions  
 Important Dates 
  SIGMOD Call for Research Papers 
  PODS Call for Research Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Industrial Track Papers 
  SIGMOD Call for Workshop Proposals 
  SIGMOD Call for Demonstration Proposals 
  SIGMOD call for Doctoral Dissertation Award 
  SIGMOD Program  
 Accepted Papers 
  PODS Program  
 Accepted Papers 

 CALL FOR PAPERS --- INDUSTRIAL TRACK  
 The Industrial Track of SIGMOD 2025 covers all aspects of innovative commercial or industrial-strength data management systems and solutions. We also welcome novel applications of data management systems and experience in applying recent research advances to problems relevant to the database industry.  
 Each submission must include at least one  author with a non-academic affiliation.  
 Submission Guidelines  
 We accept full papers (up to 12 pages + references). The papers should be prepared using the latest standard ACM paper format (see detailed instructions below). Submissions should be uploaded at: https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/SIGMODIndustry2025   
 Submissions to the industrial track are not double-anonymous. Each submission must include all author names and affiliations. Changes to the author list after paper acceptance are not permitted. In case an exceptional situation arises necessitating a change in the author list, the situation needs to be explained via email to the industrial track chairs, who will decide whether to approve the change. Authors are encouraged to contact the industrial track chairs if they need clarification regarding the suitability of their work to this track.  
 Important Dates  
 All deadlines below are 11:59 PM Pacific Time.  
 Paper submission: Monday, | December 2 | December 9, 2024 
  Notification of accept/reject: Monday, | February 17 | February 24, 2025 
  Camera-ready deadline: Monday, April 7, 2025 
  Formatting  
 The ACM template changed in 2017. Make sure you are using the latest version. Industrial papers must follow the ACM Proceedings Format, using either the sample-sigconf.tex or Interim layout.docx template provided at https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template  for LaTeX (version 2e) or Word, respectively. The margins, inter-column spacing, and line spacing in the templates must be kept unchanged. Any submitted paper violating the length, file type, or formatting requirements will be rejected without review.

31. Conference SIGCSE_2:
Blogs (1) >>  SIGCSE TS 2025   Wed 26 February - Sat 1 March 2025 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Registration 
  Hotels and Roommates 
  Venue Information 
  Student Volunteers 
  Kids' Camp 
  SIGCSE TS Travel Grant Donations 
  Safe and Respectful Environment 
  Pittsburgh Information 
  Info | Accessibility Tips for Authors 
  Exhibitors & Supporters 
  Authorship Policies 
  General Policies 
  Reviewer Information and Guidelines 
  Topics 
  Policies on Generative AI, LLMs, and Related Tools 
  Program | SIGCSE TS Program 
  Your Program 
   Wed 26 Feb 
  Thu 27 Feb 
  Fri 28 Feb 
  Sat 1 Mar 
  Tracks | SIGCSE TS 2025 
  Keynotes 
  Papers 
  Panels 
  Special Sessions 
  Tutorials 
  ACM Student Research Competition 
  Birds of a Feather 
  Demos 
  Lightning Talks 
  Nifty Assignments 
  Posters 
  Affiliated Events 
  Journal First 
  Supporter Sessions 
  Logistics 
  Organization | SIGCSE TS 2025 Committees 
  Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Hybrid Committee 
  Ethics Facilitators 
  Subcommittee: Global 
  Subcommittee: DEIA 
  Track Committees 
  Papers 
  Panels 
  Special Sessions 
  Tutorials 
  ACM Student Research Competition 
  Birds of a Feather 
  Demos 
  Lightning Talks 
  Nifty Assignments 
  Posters 
  Affiliated Events 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SIGCSE TS 2025 
  SIGCSE TS 2024 
  SIGCSE TS 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  SIGCSE TS 2025  ( series  ) /  Posters SIGCSE TS 2025   
   
 About 
  Program 
  Instructions for Authors 
  Author Checklist 
  Post-Acceptance and Presentation Information 
  Resources 
  Instructions for Reviewers 
  Review Form 
  Deadlines and Submission 
  Posters provide an opportunity for an informal presentation featuring “give and take” with conference attendees. Presenting a poster is a good way in which to discuss and receive feedback on work in progress that has not been fully developed into a paper. Posters should not be previously published, as a paper or a poster.  
 Any topic relevant to the conference focus areas is suitable for presentation as a poster. These include new results and insights around developing, implementing, or evaluating computing programs, curricula, and courses. However, the topic should lend itself to presentation in poster format with additional details available in a handout or web page. You might consider a poster presentation of teaching materials that you would like to share or preliminary research findings, such as:  
 imaginative assignments 
  innovative curriculum design 
  laboratory materials 
  effective ideas for recruiting and retaining students 
  pilot study completed 
  data collected, initial results 
  computing education research that is in a preliminary stage 
  Graduate or undergraduate students submitting posters may instead wish to submit to the ACM Student Research Competition (SRC) held at the SIGCSE Technical Symposium. Like normal posters, ACM SRC posters are displayed at the conference, but the top poster authors also present their work orally, may win prizes and proceed to the international ACM Student Research Competition. Authors should submit to only one of the two tracks (posters or SRC), not to both. Any submissions made to more than one track will be desk rejected from both tracks.  
 Authors submitting work to SIGCSE TS 2025 are responsible for complying with all applicable conference authorship policies  and those articulated by ACM  . If you have questions about any of these policies, please contact program@sigcse2025.sigcse.org  for clarification prior to submission.  
 ACM has made a commitment to collect ORCiD IDs from all published authors ( https://authors.acm.org/author-resources/orcid-faqs  ). All authors on each submission must have an ORCiD ID ( https://orcid.org/register  ) in order to complete the submission process. Please make sure to get your ORCID ID in advance of submitting your work.  
 Presentation Modality   
 One author of each accepted poster submission must present their work in-person at the conference. There will be no remote poster presentations.  
   
 Dates    

  This program is tentative and subject to change.  
   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-09:00) Alaska  (GMT-08:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-07:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-05:00) Easter Island  (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-05:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-03:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-04:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-04:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-03:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-03:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-03:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT-01:00) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT) Belfast  (GMT) Dublin  (GMT) Lisbon  (GMT) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+01:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+01:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+01:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+02:00) Athens  (GMT+02:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+02:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+02:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+10:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+11:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+11:00) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+12:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+13:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+13:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Thu 27 Feb   
  
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      

 10:00 - 12:00 | Posters #1 Posters   at Exhibit Hall C - Posters 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Overcoming Illusionary Difficulty in Novice Programming through Metacognitive Skill Enhancement   Posters   
 Zhen Jiang  West Chester University  , Jie Wu  Temple University  , Nora Jiang  Swarthmore College 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | An Interactive Tool for Randomized Autogradable Graph Assessments   Posters   
 Eldar Hasanov  UC Berkeley  , Dev Ahluwalia  University of California, Berkeley  , Daniel Garcia  University of California Berkeley  , Narges Norouzi  University of California, Berkeley  , Armando Fox  UC Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Comparing Students' and Teachers' Assessments of Office Hours   Posters   
 Zhikai Gao  North Carolina State University  , Saminur Islam  North Carolina State University  , Caleb Scott  North Carolina State University  , Collin Lynch  North Carolina State University  , Sarah Heckman  North Carolina State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Simulating Requirement Elicitation: Development and Evaluation of a Persona-Based Tool   Posters   
 Ildar Akhmetov  Northeastern University  , Mirjana Prpa  Northeastern University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | A Research-Oriented Course in Developing Tools to Teach AI   Posters   
 Fred Martin  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Deepti Tagare  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Ismaila Temitayo Sanusi  University of Texas at San Antonio 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | How Should We Measure Race, Ethnicity, and Gender Equity in Undergraduate CS Programs?   Posters   
 Julie Smith  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Monica McGill  Institute for Advancing Computing Education 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Managing Project Teams in an Online Class of 1000+ Students   Posters   
 Nazanin Tabatabaei Anaraki  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Taneisha Ng  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Gaurav Verma  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Yu Fu  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Martin Oconnell  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Matthew Hull  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Susanta Routray  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Max Mahdi Roozbahani  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Duen Horng Chau  Georgia Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Personalized Parsons Puzzles as Scaffolding Enhance Practice Engagement Over Just Showing LLM-Powered Solutions   Posters   
 Xinying Hou  University of Michigan  , Zihan Wu  University of Michigan  , Xu Wang  University of Michigan  , Barbara Ericson  University of Michigan 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | How Good are Large Language Models at Generating Subgoal Labels?   Posters   
 Samiha Marwan  University of Virginia  , Mohamed Ibrahim  Arab Academy for Science and Technology  , Briana B. Morrison  University of Virginia 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Teaching Sustainable Computing Through Repair: Case Studies on Curriculum Design   Posters   
 Esther Roorda  University of British Columbia  , Sathish Gopalakrishnan  University of British Columbia  , Emily Shilton  University of British Columbia 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | CS Student Reflections on Equity-Focused Classroom Practices   Posters   
 Nadia Najjar  University of North Carolina at Charlotte  , Debarati Basu  Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University  , Liam Custer  University of North Carolina at Charlotte 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Scaffolding Collaborative Software Design with Serious Games   Posters   
 Serena Caraco  University of California, Berkeley  , Melissa Fabros  University of California, Berkeley  , Nelson Lojo  University of California, Berkeley  , Armando Fox  UC Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Student Retention through Peer-led CS1 Review Sessions: Motivation, Sense of Belonging, and Learning Gains   Posters   
 Dee Weikle  James Madison University  , Michael Stewart  James Madison University  , A. Carter Gilbert  James Madison University  , Cory Longenecker  James Madison University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Exploring CS Education Policy Through the Lens of State Governance Models: Access, Accountability and Authority   Posters   
 Janice Mak  Arizona State University  , Carolina Torrejon Capurro  Arizona State University  , Megean Garvin  UMBC 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Analyzing Computational Thinking Gameplay: Identifying Struggles and the Role of Experience   Posters   
 Sotheara Veng  University of Delaware  , Yifan Zhang  University of Nottingham Ningbo China  , Ekaterina Bergwall  University of Delaware  , Teomara Rutherford  University of Delaware 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Sociotechnical AI Education Course Design for CS Majors and Non-Majors   Posters   
 Sri Yash Tadimalla  UNC Charlotte  , Mary Lou Maher  University of North Carolina 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Supporting Students at Scale: Profiling Student Behaviors on Usage and Impact of the Student Support System   Posters   
 Teresa Luo  University of California, Berkeley  , Chenkun Sheng  University of California, Berkeley  , Lisa Yan  UC Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Checkpoint: A Tool for Supporting Terminal-Based Capture-the-Flag Assessments   Posters   
 Connor Bernard  University of California, Berkeley  , Melissa Fabros  University of California, Berkeley  , Zhifei Li  Renmin University of China  , Narges Norouzi  University of California, Berkeley  , Daniel Garcia  University of California Berkeley  , Armando Fox  UC Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | How Do Learners Use Scratch Paper When Working On Dynamic Programming Problems?   Posters   
 Zihan Wu  University of Michigan  , Jonathan Liu  University of Chicago  , Erica Goodwin  University of Chicago  , Diana Franklin  University of Chicago 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Reducing Isolation through Peer-Modeled Posts   Posters   
 Naaz Sibia  University of Toronto Mississauga  , Angela Zavaleta Bernuy  University of Toronto  , Amber Richardson  University of Toronto Mississauga  , Khushi Malik  University of Toronto  , Prajna Pendharkar  University of Toronto Mississauga  , Carolina Nobre  University of Toronto  , Michael Liut  University of Toronto Mississauga  , Andrew Petersen  University of Toronto 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Assessing Course Policy Impacts: Late Course Enrollment and Its Effects on Student Performance and Incomplete Grades   Posters   
 Victoria Phelps  University of California, Berkeley  , Anneliese Galler  UC Berkeley  , Jordan Schwartz  UC Berkeley  , Stacey Yoo  UC Berkeley  , Aananya Lakhani  UC Berkeley  , Daniel Garcia  University of California Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Three-stage Learning with Portable Online Hands-on Labware for Quantum-based Machine Learning Development   Posters   
 Yong Shi  Kennesaw State University  , Dan Lo  Kennesaw State University  , Hongmei Chi  Florida A&M University  , Andrew Polisetty  Kennesaw State University  , Kun Suo  Kennesaw State University  , Tu Nguyen  Kennesaw State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Leveraging Various Social Media Platforms to Mentor Black Computing Students on Graduate School Opportunities   Posters   
 Kaylah Mackroy  Morehouse College  , Whitney Nelson  Morehouse College  , Kinnis Gosha  Morehouse College 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Crafting Opportunities: Establishing a Micro-Internship Program for Computing Students   Posters   
 Nimmi Arunachalam  Florida International University  , Stephanie Lunn  Florida International University  , Ashmita Thapaliya  Florida International University  , Giri Narasimhan  Florida International University  , Jason Liu  Florida International University  , Mark Weiss  Florida International University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Co-designing Curriculum to Discuss Environmental Disparities Using Data Science   Posters   
 Dana Saito-Stehberger  University of California, Irvine  , Mark Warschauer  University of California, Irvine 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | No Average User: Covering Accessibility and Inclusion in an HCI Course   Posters   
 Andrea Salgian  The College of New Jersey 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Broadening Participation in CS Research with Scalable Undergraduate Research Mini-Projects   Posters   
 Bridget Agyare  UC Berkeley  , Manooshree Patel  UC Berkeley  , Alicia Matsumoto  UC Berkeley  , Gireeja Ranade  University of California, Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | An LLM-Based Framework for Simulating, Classifying, and Correcting Students’ Programming Knowledge with the SOLO Taxonomy   Posters   
 Shan Zhang  University of Florida  , Pragati Meshram  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Priyadharshini Ganapathy Prasad  University of Florida  , Maya Israel  University of Florida  , Suma Bhat  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Is ACM-W Still Relevant After 30 Years? Exploring the Ongoing Needs of Women and URMs in Computing   Posters   
 Shelly Engelman  Custom EduEval LLC  , Rachelle Hippler  Baldwin Wallace University  , Andrew Watkins  Case Western Reserve University  , Patricia Opong  Columbus State Community College  , Natalie Nurse  Cuyahoga Community College  , Dave Reed  Creighton University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | A Systematic Literature Mapping of Early Generative AI Research is CS Education   Posters   
 Brian Harrington  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Ahmad Zubair Alnoor  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Pedram Haqiqi  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Zahra Hoseininia  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Kai Lin  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Maliha Lodi  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Asad Mirza  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Leah Wolfe  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Kevin Zhang  University of Waterloo 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Designing Experiential Learning with Beehive Sensor Data into a Non-Relational Database Course   Posters   
 Dean Ganskop  Rochester Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Self-Disclosure and Beyond: Takeaways from an Online and In-Person Computing Ethics Course   Posters   
 Helen Weixu Chen  University of Waterloo  , Maura R. Grossman  University of Waterloo  , Daniel G. Brown  University of Waterloo 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Quack! Configuring Large Language Models to Serve as Rubber Duck Coding Assistants   Posters   
 Elias Gonzalez  University of Maryland  , Joel Chan  University of Maryland  , David Weintrop  University of Maryland 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | One-on-One Review Intervention for Students Struggling in Discrete Mathematics   Posters   
 Allie Pfleger  University of Washington  , Robbie Weber  University of Washington 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Presenting Computing Accessibility Education Using Experiential Labs   Posters   
 Heather Moses  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Elaina Trapatsos  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Farzana Rahman  Syracuse University  , Samuel Malachowsky  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Daniel Krutz  Rochester Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Persistence in and Change to Computing Majors among Students with Disabilities   Posters   
 Jinyoung Hur  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Michael Kang  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Kathryn Cunningham  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Assessing the Influence of ChatGPT on Student Outcomes in a Models of Computing Course   Posters   
 Iñaki Blasco  UBC  , Karina Mochetti  UBC 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Spotting AI Missteps: Students Take on LLM Errors in CS1   Posters   
 Samantha Smith  UC Berkeley  , Heather Wei  University of California, Berkeley  , Abby O'Neill  University of California, Berkeley  , Aneesh Durai  UC Berkeley  , John DeNero  UC Berkeley  , J.D. Zamfirescu-Pereira  UC Berkeley  , Narges Norouzi  University of California, Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | VRV: A Versatile RISC-V Simulator for Education   Posters   
 Noah Krim  University of California, Davis  , Joël Porquet-Lupine  University of California, Davis 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Implementation of Technical Interviews as an Alternative Assessment in a Large Introductory CS Course   Posters   
 Giulia Alberini  McGill University  , Elena Bai  McGill University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Nudging the Field Towards Justice-Oriented Goals: Committing to CS Education   Posters   
 Alexis Cobo  CSforALL  , Aman Yadav  Michigan State University 

 Fri 28 Feb   
  
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      

 10:00 - 12:00 | Posters #2 Posters   at Exhibit Hall C - Posters 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Maine AI Arena   Posters   
 Zachary Hutchinson  University of Maine, School of Computing and Information Science  , Graham Berry  University of Maine, School of Computing and Information Science  , Henry Kindler  University of Maine, School of Computing and Information Science 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Leveraging LLM for Detecting and Explaining LLM-generated Code in Python Programming Courses   Posters   
 Jeonghun Baek  The University of Tokyo  , Tetsuro Yamazaki  The University of Tokyo  , Akimasa Morihata  The University of Tokyo  , Junichiro Mori  The University of Tokyo  , Yoko Yamakata  The University of Tokyo  , Kenjiro Taura  The University of Tokyo  , Shigeru Chiba  The University of Tokyo 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | GraySim Virtual-Memory Page Replacement Simulation   Posters   
 Melinda Zhang  U.S. Army  , Maria R. Ebling  United States Military Academy, West Point 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | LLM-KCI: Leveraging Large Language Models to Identify Programming Knowledge Components   Posters   
 Rose Niousha  University of California, Berkeley  , Abby O'Neill  University of California, Berkeley  , Ethan Chen  University of California, Berkeley  , Vedansh Malhotra  Stanford University  , Bita Akram  North Carolina State University  , Narges Norouzi  University of California, Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Broadening CS Research Opportunities for Online Graduate Students   Posters   
 Bobbie Eicher  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Alex Duncan  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Dante Ciolfi  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Maria Konte  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Nicholas Lytle  Georgia Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Mining Hierarchies with Conviction: Constructing the CS1 Skill Hierarchy with Pairwise Comparisons over Skill Distributions   Posters   
 Dip Kiran Pradhan Newar  Utah State University  , Max Fowler  University of Illinois  , David Smith  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Seth Poulsen  Utah State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Coding Pathfinder: A Platform for Creative, Self-Guided Mastery in Programming   Posters   
 Ishita Gupta  Stanford University  , Maya Bridgman  Stanford University  , Sierra Wang  Stanford University  , John C. Mitchell  Stanford University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Teacher Reviews of Block-Based Coding for K-12 Classrooms   Posters   
 Joanne Barrett  University of Florida  , Michael Johnson  University of Florida  , Maya Israel  University of Florida 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Finding Misleading Identifiers in Novice Code Using LLMs   Posters   
 Anna Rechtackova  Masaryk University Brno  , Alexandra Maximova  Department of Computer Science, ETH Zurich  , Griffin Pitts  University of Florida 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Assessing Elementary Teachers’ Knowledge of Integrated Computational Thinking   Posters   
 Deepti Joshi  The Citadel  , Candace Joswick  University of Texas at Arlington  , Robin Jocius  University of Texas - Arlington  , Jennifer Albert  The Citadel  , Melanie Blanton  The Citadel  , Bob Petrulis  EPRE Consulting  , Trent Dawson  University of Texas at Arlington 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Teaching Assistants' Experiences of and Opinions on CS Ethics   Posters   
 Grace Barkhuff  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Ian Pruitt  Georgia State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Balanced Creative Coding for Motivation and Learning Transfer   Posters   
 Alejandro Lobo  University of California, San Diego  , Amy Eguchi  University of California, San Diego  , Robert Twomey  UC San Diego  , Ying Wu  UC San Diego 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | How Teachers Integrate Data Science into Their Instruction for Middle-Grades Learners   Posters   
 Ismaila Temitayo Sanusi  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Marissa Munoz  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Fred Martin  University of Texas at San Antonio 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Lightweight Social Computing Tools for Undergraduate Research Community Building   Posters   
 Noel Chacko  Temple University  , Hannah Nguyen  Temple University  , Sophie Chen  Temple University  , Stephen MacNeil  Temple University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Impact of Retake Policy on Student Performance in a CS0 Course with Mastery Learning   Posters   
 Elise Vambenepe  UC Berkeley  , Kerry Pan  UC Berkeley  , Aanvi Kothari  UC Berkeley  , Anneliese Galler  UC Berkeley  , Connor Bernard  University of California, Berkeley  , Daniel Garcia  University of California Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Scope Rule Comprehension by Novice Python Programmers   Posters   
 Mark Holliday  Western Carolina University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | SAFARI-P: Swahili-Focused Adaptive Framework for Accelerated Reinforcement in Intelligent Python Education   Posters   
 Vasu Jindal  Columbia University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | "Like a GPS": Analyzing Middle School Student Responses to an Interactive Pathfinding Activity   Posters   
 Claire Aguiar  North Carolina State University  , Dan Carpenter  North Carolina State University  , Jessica Vandenberg  North Carolina State University  , Alex Goslen  North Carolina State University  , Wookhee Min  North Carolina State University  , Veronica Catete  North Carolina State University  , Bradford Mott  North Carolina State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Connecting Education and Fun: Using Turing Machine Games in Theory of Computation   Posters   
 Tammy Vandegrift  University of Portland 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Learning Programming for Non-Native English-Speaking Students: Insight from Japanese Students   Posters   
 Niken Prasasti Martono  Tokyo University of Science  , Hayato Ohwada  Tokyo University of Science 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Predicting Student Reasoning for Self-Reported Affect in Game-Based Learning Environments   Posters   
 Jordan Esiason  North Carolina State University  , Alex Goslen  North Carolina State University  , Andres Felipe Zambrano  University of Pennsylvania  , Nidhi Nasiar  University of Pennsylvania  , Stephen Hutt  University of Denver  , Jonathan Rowe  North Carolina State University  , Jaclyn Ocumpaugh  University of Pennsylvania  , Jessica Vandenberg  North Carolina State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Novice Difficulties in Graph Layering for Algorithm Design   Posters   
 Hongxuan Chen  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Katherine Braught  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Geoffrey Herman  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  , Jeff Erickson  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Exploring the Impact of Unsupervised Clustering Methods in Systematic Literature Reviews   Posters   
 Emily Bolger  Department of Computational Mathematics, Science, and Engineering; Michigan State University  , Marcos Caballero  Michigan State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Student and Teacher Perspectives on Requiring a Computer Science Course in High School   Posters   
 Julie Smith  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Monica McGill  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Jacob Koressel  Computer Science Teachers Association (CSTA)  , Bryan Twarek  Computer Science Teachers' Association 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Anonymous: A Dataset of Graded Programming Assignments   Posters   
 Marcus Messer  King's College London  , Neil Brown  King's College London  , Michael Kölling  King's College London  , Miaojing Shi  Tongji University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Investigating Autograder Usage in the Post- Pandemic and LLM Era   Posters   
 Jason Weber  University of California, Irvine  , Hyunjun Park  University of California, Irvine  , Daniel J Song  University of California, Irvine  , Jared Apillanes  University of California, Irvine  , Barbara Martinez Neda  University of California, Irvine  , Jennifer Wong-Ma  University of California, Irvine  , Sergio Gago-Masague  University of California, Irvine 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Mathematics for Machine Learning: A Bridge Course   Posters   
 Samuel Deng  Columbia University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | The Effects of Game-Based Learning on STEM Career Awareness for Elementary Aged Girls   Posters   
 Abi Olukeye  University Of North Carolina at Charlotte  , Nisaa Kirtman  Rockman et al Cooperative  , Adam Moylan  Rockman et al Cooperative 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Predicting Students’ Interest from Small Group Conversational Characteristics: Insights from an AI Literacy Education with High School Students   Posters   
 Shenghua Zha  University of South Alabama  , Lujie Karen Chen  University of Maryland, Baltimore County  , Woei Hung  University of North Dakota  , Na Gong  University of South Alabama  , Pamela Moore  University of South Alabama  , Bethany Klemetsrud  University of North Dakota 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Challenging the Status Quo in a Computing Ethics Course, One Water Cooler Conversation at a Time   Posters   
 Su Min Park  University of California, Berkeley  , Carol Li  University of California, Berkeley  , Jedidiah Tsang  University of California, Berkeley  , Lisa Yan  UC Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Dynamic, Randomizable, Autogradable Visual Programming Simulations for Python Using Prairielearn   Posters   
 Noemi Chulo  UC Berkeley  , Gabriel Classon  UC Berkeley  , Ashley Chiu  UC Berkeley  , Daniel Garcia  University of California Berkeley  , Armando Fox  UC Berkeley  , Narges Norouzi  University of California, Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | What Could Impact Indigenous-serving Teachers’ Computing Integration After A Culturally Responsive Professional Development?   Posters   
 Wei Yan  Northern Arizona University  , Ashish Amresh  Northern Arizona University  , Jeffrey Hovermill  Northern Arizona University  , Paige Prescott  Computer science alliance 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Design of a User Study to evaluate the effectiveness of a Software Security Module for Neurodivergent Students   Posters   
 Sushma Indrani Dangeti  University of North Carolina at Charlotte  , Harini Ramaprasad  UNC Charlotte  , Meera Sridhar  University of North Carolina Charlotte, USA  , Soham Pradhan  University of North Carolina at Charlotte 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Design Principles for CT Integrated Lesson Design and Implementation   Posters   
 Merijke Coenraad  Digital Promise  , Kyle Dunbar  Digital Promise Global  , Alessandra Rangel  Digital Promise  , Wanjoo Ahn  Michigan State University  , Aman Yadav  Michigan State University  , Sharin Jacob  Digital Promise 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Praxly: An Online IDE for the Praxis CS Test Pseudocode   Posters   
 Benjamin Saupp  James Madison University  , Ellona Macmillan  James Madison University  , Chris Mayfield  James Madison University  , Chris Johnson  James Madison University  , Michael Stewart  James Madison University  , Shelita Hodges  Richmond Public Schools 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Streamlining Web Development Education: The Impact and Implementation of the ECS-WL Website   Posters   
 Samuel Mazzone  Marquette University  , Dennis Brylow  Marquette University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | The AI-Enhanced Software Engineer: A Snapshot of the Profession   Posters   
 Irene Lee  Education Development Center  , Joyce Malyn Smith  Education Development Center  , Matthew Kam  Google  , Cody Miller  Google  , Miaoxin Wang  Trilyon 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Innovative Approaches to Information Communication Technology and Development (ICTD) Course Design   Posters   
 Susan Wyche  Michigan State University  , Osafenwen Diawara  Michigan State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | RAFIKI: Leveraging Large Language Models to Increase AP Computer Science A Enrollment among Disadvantaged High School Females   Posters   
 Ryka Chopra  Mission San Jose High School  , Suparna Chakraborty  University of San Francisco 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Undergraduate Research Opportunities in CS Education: A Literature Map   Posters   
 Brian Harrington  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Shreeansha Bhattarai  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Han-Shin Chen  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Yuxin Chen  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Kian Dianati  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Serena Ju  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Yuhan Pan  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Zhiyu Pan  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Neha Prabu  University of Toronto Scarborough  , Zhifei Song   , Like Wang  University of Toronto Scarborough 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Simulating Real IT Project Life for Students – The StudyTalk Case Study   Posters   
 Anna Pakosch  Hochschule Hannover  , Dennis Allerkamp  Hochschule Hannover – University of Applied Sciences and Arts  , Arne Koschel  Hochschule Hannover 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Conceptualizing the Support and Learning of K-2 Educators around Artificial Intelligence in Language Arts   Posters   
 Jessica Vandenberg  North Carolina State University  , Ryan Torbey  American Institutes for Research  , Cecilia Xuning Zhang  American Institutes for Research  , Bradford Mott  North Carolina State University  , Keisha Bailey  American Institutes for Research  , Joseph Wilson  American Institutes for Research 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | The Development and Validation of the Critical Reflection and Agency in Computing Scale   Posters   
 Aadarsh Padiyath  University of Michigan - Ann Arbor  , Mark Guzdial  University of Michigan  , Barbara Ericson  University of Michigan 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Implementing the AI-Lab Framework: Enhancing Introductory Programming Education for CS Majors   Posters   
 Ethan Dickey  Purdue University  , Andres Mauricio Bejarano Posada  Purdue University  , Rhianna Setsma  Purdue University 

 15:00 - 17:00 | Posters #3 Posters   at Exhibit Hall C - Posters 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Student Engagement with Metacognition-based Interventions in Computing and its Relationship with Learning Outcomes   Posters   
 Jiaen Yu  University of California, San Diego  , Anshul Shah  University of California, San Diego  , John Driscoll  University of California, San Diego  , Yandong Xiang  University of California, San Diego  , Xingyin Xu  University of California, San Diego  , Sophia Krause-Levy  University of San Diego  , Soohyun Liao  University of California in San Diego 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | From Typing to Insights: An Interactive Code Visualization for Enhanced Student Support Using Keystroke Data   Posters   
 Friday James  Kansas State University  , Russell Feldhausen  Kansas State University  , Nathan H. Bean  Kansas State University  , Joshua Weese  Kansas State University  , David Allen  Kansas State University  , Michelle Friend  University of Nebraska Omaha 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Crafting for Career Agility: An Outcome-Based Redesign of a Machine Learning Curriculum within a Program Bundle   Posters   
 En-Shiun Annie Lee  University of Toronto  , Sean Woodhead  York University  , Karthik Kuber  York University  , Hashmat Rohian  York University  , Stacey Koornneef  University of Ontario Institute of Technology 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Facilitators and Barriers for Integrating Technology Education into K-5 Classrooms   Posters   
 Miriam Jacobson  The University of Texas at Austin  , Zhuoying Wang  The University of Texas at Austin  , Yiwen Yang  The University of Texas at Austin  , Karanjot Kaur  The University of Texas at Austin 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | What CS Teachers Want in a CS Professional Development Passport   Posters   
 Joseph Tise  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Laycee Thigpen  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Monica McGill  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Robert Schwarzhaupt  American Institutes for Research 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | ChartCode: A Flowchart-Based Tool for Introductory Programming Courses   Posters   
 Guangming Xing  Western Kentucky University  , Tawfiq Salem  Purdue University  , Gongbo Liang  Texas A & M University - San Antonio 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Detecting Programming Plans in Open-ended Code Submissions   Posters   
 Mehmet Arif Demirtas  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Claire Zheng  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  , Kathryn Cunningham  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Collaborative CS Professional Development Across Three Cohorts   Posters   
 Jina Wilde  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Michael Zawatski  University of Texas at San Antonio  , Darean Wilde  University of Texas at San Antonio 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Exploring LLMs Impact on Student-Created User Stories and Acceptance Testing in Software Development   Posters   
 Allan Brockenbrough  Salem State University  , Henry Feild  Endicott College  , Dominic Salinas  Salem State University 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Cultivating Sense of Belonging in Computing Education: Identifying Servingness Traits Among Community College Population   Posters   
 Christian Servin  El Paso Community College  , Brett Becker  University College Dublin  , Emiliano Garcia  El Paso Community College 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Experiences teaching a course on Algorithms, Ethics, and Society   Posters   
 Nicole Eikmeier  Grinnell College  , Leah Perlmutter  Grinnell College 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | The Role of Virtual Reality in Enhancing Computer Science Education   Posters   
 Zubair Zabir  Rollins College  , Sirazum Munira Tisha  Rollins College 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Using Peer Tutoring to Bolster Retention Rates and Student Performance in CS1 courses   Posters   
 Sharanya Jayaraman  Florida State University  , Ameya Kolarkar  Florida State University 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | On a Time Crunch: Examining Learning Outcomes Within a One Unit Computing Ethics Course   Posters   
 Jedidiah Tsang  University of California, Berkeley  , Carol Li  University of California, Berkeley  , Su Min Park  University of California, Berkeley  , Lisa Yan  UC Berkeley 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Describing the Experience of Instructional Coaches in Supporting Elementary Coding   Posters   
 Peter Rich  Brigham Young University  , Heather Cunningham  Boot Up Professional Development  , Lien Diaz  BootUp PD 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Hacking Student Leadership: Peer Mentorship and Leadership Skill Development Among Hackathon Organizers   Posters   
 Kush Patel  Temple University  , Andrew Tran  Temple University  , Christine Kapp  Temple University  , Daniel Bicalho  Temple University  , Yatri Patel  Temple University  , Chiku Okechukwu  Temple University  , Egi Rama  Temple University  , Stephen MacNeil  Temple University 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Empowering CS1 Educators: Enhancing Automated Feedback Instruction with Cognitive Load Theory   Posters   
 Justin Gonzaga  UNSW  , Yuchao Jiang  UNSW  , Alexandra Vassar  UNSW 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Iterative Development of an Evaluative Checklist for Integrated Computer Science Lessons in K-8   Posters   
 Justin Cannady  University of Minnesota - Twin Cities 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Computer Science Faculty Perspectives on Undergraduate Student Mental Health   Posters   
 Christian Murphy  Swarthmore College  , Van Nguyen  Bryn Mawr College  , Asli Yuksel  Swarthmore College  , Sahasra Nandela  Green Hope High School 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Day of AI Australia: Teacher Insights from a Nation-Wide AI Literacy Program for K-12 Students   Posters   
 Natasha Banks  Day of AI Australia  , Jake Renzella  University of New South Wales, Sydney 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Raising the Bar: Automating Consistent and Equitable Student Support with LLMs   Posters   
 Meenakshi Mittal  UC Berkeley  , Azalea Bailey  UC Berkeley  , Victoria Phelps  University of California, Berkeley  , Mihran Miroyan  UC Berkeley  , Chancharik Mitra  University of California, Berkeley  , Rishi Jain  UC Berkeley  , Rose Niousha  University of California, Berkeley  , Gireeja Vishnu Ranade  UC Berkeley  , Narges Norouzi  University of California, Berkeley 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Ethics in Motion Interactive Software for Ethical Decision-Making in Autonomous Vehicles   Posters   
 Tony Krystofiak  College of Saint Benedict and Saint John’s University  , Anna Byron  College of Saint Benedict and Saint John’s University  , Peter Ohmann  College of St. Benedict / St. John's University  , Heather Amthauer  College of Saint Benedict and Saint John’s University 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | An Undergraduate Course on Computer Architecture   Posters   
 Przemyslaw Nowak  Lodz University of Technology  , Dariusz Puchala  Lodz University of Technology  , Kamil Stokfiszewski  Lodz University of Technology 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Using LLMs to Detect the Presence of Learning Outcomes in Submitted Work Within Computing Ethics Courses   Posters   
 Jedidiah Tsang  University of California, Berkeley  , Carol Li  University of California, Berkeley  , Su Min Park  University of California, Berkeley  , Lisa Yan  UC Berkeley 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Scaling Academic Decision-Making with NLP: Automating Transfer Credit Evaluations   Posters   
 Nimisha Roy  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Fisayo Omojokun  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Huaijin Tu  Georgia Institute of Technology 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | The Evolving Usage of GenAI by Computing Students   Posters   
 Irene Hou  Temple University  , Hannah Nguyen  Temple University  , Owen Man  Temple University  , Stephen MacNeil  Temple University 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Rightsizing: Understanding Novice, Casual Learners of Programming   Posters   
 Gabriela Ciolacu  Karlsruhe Institute of Technology  , Christian Haas  University of Nebraska at Omaha  , Margeret Hall  University of Nebraska at Omaha 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Generating AI Literacy MCQs: A Multi-Agent LLM Approach   Posters   
 Jiayi Wang  Northwestern University  , Ruiwei Xiao  Carnegie Mellon University  , Ying Jui Tseng  Carnegie Mellon University 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | EclipseMonitor: A Real-Time Student Programming Environment Data Collection Tool   Posters   
 Saminur Islam  North Carolina State University  , Zhikai Gao  North Carolina State University  , John Bacher  North Carolina State University  , Gabriel Silva de Oliveira  North Carolina State University  , Varad Patwardhan  North Carolina State University  , Sarah Heckman  North Carolina State University  , Collin Lynch  North Carolina State University 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Pencil Puzzles as a Context in Upper-level Core Computing Courses at Multiple Institutions   Posters   
 Angelina Brilliantova  Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT)  , Asya Vitko  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Ivona Bezakova  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Zack Butler  Rochester Institute of Technology 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Evaluating GenAI’s Effectiveness for Students with Varied Programming Backgrounds in a Software Development Course   Posters   
 Houda Bouamor  Carnegie Mellon University  , Gabriela Gongora-Svartzman  Carnegie Mellon University  , Larry Heimann  Carnegie Mellon University  , Shihong Huang  Carnegie Mellon University 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Scaffolding Mock Conference Projects in Theory of Computing Courses   Posters   
 Ryan Dougherty  United States Military Academy 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Enabling Professional Growth and Identity of High School CS Teachers through One-on-One Coaching   Posters   
 Jennifer Rosato  University of Minnesota  , Fatima Brunson  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Joseph Tise  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Laycee Thigpen  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Monica McGill  Institute for Advancing Computing Education 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Designing an Multi-Modal Community for Black Undergraduate Women in Computing at a Predominantly-White University   Posters   
 Luce-Melissa Kouaho  University of North Carolina at Charlotte  , Noah Q. Cowit  University of Colorado, Boulder  , Dr. Marlon Mejias  University of North Carolina at Charlotte  , Rest Johnson  University of North Carolina at Charlotte 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | A Scaffolding-based Approach for Addressing Challenges of Service Learning Adoption   Posters   
 Stan Kurkovsky  Central Connecticut State University  , Michael Goldweber  Xavier University  , Chad Williams  Central Connecticut State University  , Nathan Sommer  Xavier University 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Exploring K-12 In-Service Teachers’ Process of Plan Monitor Evaluation in Java programming.   Posters   
 Latoya Chandler  University of Florida  , Rui Huang  University of Florida  , Maya Israel  University of Florida  , Priyadharshini Ganapathy Prasad  University of Florida 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Introducing Theoretical Computer Science in High School Physics Courses from Impossibility and Undecidability Problems   Posters   
 Rafael del Vado Vírseda  Universidad Complutense de Madrid 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Glitch Defense: A Computer Game to Teach Cybersecurity Concepts and Broaden Participation in Computing   Posters   
 Julio Bahamon  UNC Charlotte  , Hallie Johnson  UNC Charlotte 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Snapgram: matrix multiplications made fun   Posters   
 Joël Porquet-Lupine  University of California, Davis 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Collaborative design of a week-long physiological computing summer camp with elementary teachers   Posters   
 Feiya Luo   , Amy Hutchison  University of Alabama  , Chris Crawford  University of Alabama  , Fatema Nasrin  University of Alabama  , Idowu David Awoyemi  University of Alabama 
 15:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Examining Student Interest and Motivations in Graduate Computer Science Research   Posters   
 Bobbie Eicher  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Alex Duncan  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Dante Ciolfi  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Maria Konte  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Nicholas Lytle  Georgia Institute of Technology 

 Sat 1 Mar   
  
 Displayed time zone: Eastern Time (US & Canada)  change      

 10:00 - 12:00 | Posters #4 Posters   at Exhibit Hall C - Posters 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | AutoRemind: Improving Student Academic Performance Through a Personalized and Automated Notification System   Posters   
 Oindree Chatterjee  University of California, Berkeley  , Ankita Sundar  University of California, Berkeley  , Arihant Choudhary  University of California Berkeley  , Connor Bernard  University of California, Berkeley  , Daniel Garcia  University of California Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | ToolName: Defining Coding Katas using a Single Jupyter Notebook   Posters   
 Zachary Kurmas  Grand Valley State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Uncovering Opportunities for K-12 CS Professional Development in West African Schools.   Posters   
 Jane Awuah  GEORGIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY  , Judith Uchidiuno  Georgia Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Characteristics and Effectiveness of Cheat Sheets for a Third-year Computer Graphics and Image Processing Course   Posters   
 Burkhard Wünsche  University of Auckland  , Dominik Lange-Nawka  University of Auckland  , Zixuan Wang  University of Auckland  , Steffan Hooper  University of Auckland  , Samuel E. R. Thompson  University of Cambridge  , Haoran Feng  University of Auckland 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Towards a Quantum-Resistant Future: Experiences in Post-Quantum Cryptography Education   Posters   
 Thomas J. Borrelli  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Sumita Mishra  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Monika Polak  University of Rochester  , Stanislaw Radziszowski  Rochester Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Creating a Joint-Faculty Artificial Intelligence Concentration within a Graduate Program   Posters   
 En-Shiun Annie Lee  University of Toronto  , Arvind Gupta  University of Toronto  , Amane Takeuchi  University of Toronto  , Stacey Koornneef  University of Ontario Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Integrating Computational Thinking, Project-Based Learning, and Cultural Heritage for Rural Middle School Students   Posters   
 Kyle Dunbar  Digital Promise Global  , Merijke Coenraad  Digital Promise  , Emi Iwatani  Digital Promise 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | GradeSync: a Tool for Automating Incomplete Processing to Support Mastery Learning   Posters   
 Manan Bhargava  University of California, Berkeley  , Mehul Ajay Gandhi  University of California, Berkeley  , Eemon Qayumi  University of California, Berkeley  , Victoria Phelps  University of California, Berkeley  , Zixuan Zhuang  University of California, Berkeley  , Naveen Nathan  University of California, Berkeley  , Connor Bernard  University of California, Berkeley  , Daniel Garcia  University of California Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Designing for 5th Grader Sports and Computing Experiences   Posters   
 Pipob Puthipiroj  Northwestern University  , Ashley Quiterio  Northwestern University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | TheoryViz: A Visualizer Tool for Theory of Computing Concepts   Posters   
 Lillian Baker  United States Military Academy  , Sierra Zoe Bennett-Manke  United States Military Academy  , Sebastian Neumann  United States Military Academy  , Ian Njuguna  United States Military Academy  , Ryan Dougherty  United States Military Academy 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Piloting Intergenerational Participatory Design with Students & Teachers to develop Integrated K-8 CS Learning Experiences   Posters   
 Jean Salac  Carleton College  , Justin Cannady  University of Minnesota - Twin Cities 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Impact of Gender on OSS File Contributions   Posters   
 Leilani Torres  The College of Wooster  , Heather Guarnera  The College of Wooster  , Michael L. Collard  The University of Akron  , Amber Garcia  The College of Wooster 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Engaging K-12 Learners in Data Annotation for AI Climate Models   Posters   
 Michael MacFerrin  University of Colorado Boulder  , Edward Boyda  Earth Genome  , Kimberly Young  Earth Genome  , Josephine Namayanja  University of Maryland Baltimore County  , Aneesh Subramanian  University of Colorado Boulder  , Mohamed Mokbel  University of Minnesota  , Lujie Karen Chen  University of Maryland, Baltimore County  , Vandana P. Janeja  University of Maryland, Baltimore County 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | International Mobility for PhD Students: Key Learnings   Posters   
 Cecilia O. Alm  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Reynold Bailey  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Sarah Jane Delany  Technological University Dublin  , Georgiana Ifrim  University College Dublin  , Brian Mac Namee  University College Dublin  , Esa Rantanen  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Ferat Sahin  Rochester Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Introducing Reinforcement Learning Concepts to Middle School Students with Game-Based Learning   Posters   
 Matthew Presson  North Carolina State University  , Anisha Gupta  North Carolina State University  , Jessica Vandenberg  North Carolina State University  , Alex Goslen  North Carolina State University  , Wookhee Min  North Carolina State University  , Veronica Catete  North Carolina State University  , Bradford Mott  North Carolina State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Untangling School Leaders’ Perception of AI Integration in K-12 Education   Posters   
 Yingxiao Qian  University of South Carolina  , Hengtao Tang  University of South Carolina 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Intersectional Identities of Asian Americans Living with Mental Health Conditions in Computer Science Education   Posters   
 Mei Prasetio  Swarthmore College  , Christian Murphy  Swarthmore College 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | ChatGPT Comes to Campus: Unveiling Core Themes in AI Policies Across U.S. Universities with Large Language Models   Posters   
 Charles Alba  Washington University in St Louis  , Wang Xi  Washington University in St Louis  , Chenyu Wang  Washington University in St Louis  , Ruopeng An  New York University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Scalable Small-Group CS Tutoring System with AI   Posters   
 Yoonseok Yang  Pensieve  , Jack Liu  Pensieve  , J.D. Zamfirescu-Pereira  UC Berkeley  , John DeNero  UC Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Computer Science Behind Bars: Lessons Learned from Teaching Incarcerated Students in Prisons and Jails   Posters   
 Andrew Fishberg  MIT  , Marisa Gaetz  MIT  , Martin Nisser  University of Washington  , Carole Cafferty  MIT  , Lee Perlman  MIT  , Raechel N. Soicher  MIT  , Joshua Long  University of Massachusetts, Lowell 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Bridging Simulation and Hardware: A Holistic Platform for Teaching in Computer Architecture and Operating Systems   Posters   
 Changzhong Qian  University of Southern California  , Siyu Chen  University of Southern California  , Andrew Goodney  University of Southern California 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | CSEdD: CS Eduation Dashboard for Student Success, Retention, and Performance Investigations   Posters   
 Mackenzie Creamer  Northeastern University  , Penny Rheingans  University of Maine 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Understanding the Effects of Integrating Music Programming and Web Development in a Summer Camp for High School Students   Posters   
 Daniel Manesh  Virginia Tech  , Andrew Jelson  Virginia Tech  , Emily Altland  Virginia Tech  , Jason Freeman  Georgia Tech  , Sang Won Lee  Virginia Tech 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Exploration of Undergraduate Teaching Assistant Identity and Teaching Goals in Data Science Courses   Posters   
 Krina Patel  University of California, Berkeley  , Abigail Brooks-Ramirez  University of California, Berkeley  , Rebecca Dang  University of California, Berkeley  , Bryan Ventura  University of California, Berkeley  , Lisa Yan  UC Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | A Blueprint for Q-CS1, an Introductory Quantum Programming Course   Posters   
 Austin J. Adams  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Rodrigo Borela  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Jeffrey Young  Georgia Institute of Technology  , Thomas Conte  Georgia Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Designing Tangible Coding Blocks and Tools for Teaching Computational Thinking to Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder   Posters   
 Sukanya Roychowdhury  Department of Computer Science & Information Systems (CS&IS), BITS Pilani , K K Birla Goa Campus  , Swaroop Joshi  BITS Pilani KK Birla Goa Campus 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | From Code to Concepts: Textbook-Driven Knowledge Tracing with LLMs in CS1   Posters   
 Abby O'Neill  University of California, Berkeley  , Samantha Smith  UC Berkeley  , Aneesh Durai  UC Berkeley  , John DeNero  UC Berkeley  , J.D. Zamfirescu-Pereira  UC Berkeley  , Narges Norouzi  University of California, Berkeley 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Evaluating Students’ Experience in High School CS Education: A CAPE Framework-Based Approach   Posters   
 Manee Ngozi M Nnamani  Massachusetts Institute of Technology  , Josh Sheldon  Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Teaching Systems Lab  , Deborah Boisvert  CSforMA, Inc.  , Justin Reich  Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Teaching Systems Lab 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | A SWOT Analysis of How a Research Practice Partnership Builds Trust and Cultivates Partnership Relationships   Posters   
 Laycee Thigpen  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Monica McGill  Institute for Advancing Computing Education 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Portable Pedagogy: Teaching Computer Science Across Institutions   Posters   
 Lauren Herckis  CGFNS International, Inc. and Carnegie Mellon University (On Leave)  , Judeth Oden Choi  Carnegie Mellon University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | GRADE: Grading and Assessment of Database ER Diagrams   Posters   
 Eldon Williams  Gatton Academy, Western Kentucky University  , Guangming Xing  Western Kentucky University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | School Implementation Planning for Equitable AP CSP   Posters   
 Julie K. Zeringue  Education Development Center  , Jane Kang  Education Development Center  , Deborah Spencer  Education Development Center  , Kelsey Klein  Education Development Center  , June Mark  Education Development Center 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | An IoT Sensing After-School Program - Impacts on Belonging and Confidence in Middle School Students   Posters   
 Brian Krupp  Case Western Reserve University  , Jonathon Fagert  Baldwin Wallace University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | An Analysis of K-12 Programming Education Utilizing the Minecraft Metaverse Amidst the COVID-19 Pandemic   Posters   
 Chiyoko Sawada  Keio University  , Masafumi Terazono  Keio Research Lab at SFC 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | A Multi-modal Understanding of Emotions and Cognitive Engagement of Students during a Programming Task   Posters   
 Rakhi  The Ohio State University  , Trebor Shankle  The Ohio State University  , Zahra Atiq  The Ohio State University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Exploring ChatGPT as a Qualitative Research Assistant   Posters   
 Angelina Brilliantova  Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT)  , Zack Butler  Rochester Institute of Technology  , Ivona Bezakova  Rochester Institute of Technology 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Does ABET Accreditation Influence the Representation of Women in CS Programs?   Posters   
 Stefanie Colino Dube  Northeasteren University  , Albert Lionelle  Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Teaching Algorithms to Indigenous Students of Brazil's Amazon   Posters   
 Maristela Holanda  Universidade de Brasília  , Edison Ishikawa  Universidade de Brasília  , Dilma Da Silva  Texas A&M 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Traversing New Horizons: An Exploration of Educational Policies on Generative AI   Posters   
 Kerrie Hooper  Florida International University  , Stephanie Lunn  Florida International University 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | Developing a National Longitudinal Study on 6th-12th Grade Students' Motivation and Persistence in Computing   Posters   
 Monica McGill  Institute for Advancing Computing Education  , Joseph Tise  Institute for Advancing Computing Education 
 10:00   
 2h    
 Talk | What Gets Them Talking? Identifying Catalysts for Student Engagement Within a Computing Ethics Course   Posters   
 Carol Li  University of California, Berkeley  , Su Min Park  University of California, Berkeley  , Jedidiah Tsang  University of California, Berkeley  , Lisa Yan  UC Berkeley 

 Deadlines and Submission  
  
 Poster submissions consist of a 2-page extended abstract about the work including a 250-word short abstract, additional content about the work, and references. You will not submit the actual PDF of the poster itself for review.  
 Poster submissions to the SIGCSE TS 2025 must be made through EasyChair  no later than Monday, 14 October 2024. The track chairs reserve the right to desk reject submissions that are incomplete after the deadline has passed.  
 Important Dates   
  
 Due Date | Monday, 14 October 2024 
 Due Time | 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12h) 
 Submission Limits | 2 pages 
 Notification to Authors | Monday, 18 November 2024 tentative 
 Submission Link | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sigcsets2025 
 Session Duration | 2 hours 

 Instructions for Authors  
   
 Poster submissions can be up 2-pages long and must include: a 250-word short abstract, additional content about the work, and references.  
 Authors may find it useful to read the Instruction for Reviewers  and the Review Form  to understand how their submissions will be reviewed. Also note that when submitting, you will need to provide between 3-7 related topics from the Topics list under Info  .  
 Abstracts   
 All poster submissions must have a plain-text abstract of up to 250 words. Abstracts should not contain subheadings or citations. The abstract should be submitted in EasyChair along with the submission metadata, and it should be included in the PDF version of the submission at the appropriate location.  
 Submission Templates   
 All poster submissions must be in English and formatted using the 2-column ACM SIG Conference Proceedings format and US letter size pages (8.5x11 inch or 215.9 x 279.4mm).   
 Here is a Sample Poster Submission  , which is formatted using this template with optional line numbers. It also has some notes/tips and shows the required sections.  
 Page Limits:  Poster submissions are limited to a maximum of 2 pages of content (including all titles, author information, abstract, main text, tables and illustrations, acknowledgements, supplemental material, and references).  
 MS Word Authors:  Please use the interim Word template  provided by ACM.  
 LaTeX Authors:   
 Overleaf provides a suitable | two-column sig conference proceedings template | . 
  Other LaTeX users may alternatively use the | ACM Primary template | , adding the “ | sigconf | ” format option in the | documentclass | to obtain the 2-column format. 
  Requirements for Double Anonymous Review Process:  At the time of submission all entries should include blank space for all anonymous author information (or anonymized author name, institution, and email address), followed by an abstract, body content, and references. For anonymized submissions, all blank space necessary for all author information should be reserved under the Title, or fully anonymized text can take its place (i.e. one block per author, with four lines for name, institution, address, and email; not more than three columns of blocks). In addition, please leave enough blank space for what you intend to include for Acknowledgements but do not include the text, especially names and granting agencies and grant numbers.  
 Other requirements:  Include space for authors’ e-mail addresses on separate lines. Even if multiple authors have the same affiliation, grouping authors’ names or e-mail addresses, or providing an ‘e-mail alias’ is not acceptable, e.g., {anon1,anon2,anon3}@university.edu  or firstname.lastname@college.org  . NOTE: Poster submissions may omit the following sections from the standard ACM template: keywords, CCS Concepts  . Update since 2024:  Because Poster submissions are 2-pages long this year, they should include BOTH the ACM Copyright Block and the ACM Reference Format.   
 Desk rejects:  Submissions that do not adhere to page limits or formatting requirements will be desk rejected without review.  
 Accessibility:  SIGCSE TS 2025 authors are strongly encouraged to prepare submissions using these templates in such a manner that the content is widely accessible to potential reviewers, track chairs, and readers. Please see these resources for preparing an accessible submission.   
 Double Anonymized Review   
 Authors must submit ONLY an anonymized version of the submission  . The goal of the anonymized version is to, as much as possible, provide the author(s) of the submission with an unbiased review. The anonymized version should have ALL mentions of the authors removed (including author’s names and affiliation plus identifying information within the body of the submission such as websites or related publications). However, authors are reminded to leave sufficient space in the submitted manuscripts to accommodate author information either at the beginning or end of the submission. LaTeX/Overleaf users are welcome to use the anonymous option, but are reminded that sufficient room must exist in the submission to include all author blocks when that option is removed. Authors may choose to use placeholder text in the author information block, but we encourage authors to use obviously anonymized placeholders like “Author 1”, “Affiliation 1”, etc.  
 Self-citations need not be removed if they are worded so that the reviewer doesn’t know if the writer is citing themselves. That is, instead of writing “We reported on our first experiment in 2017 in a previous paper [1]”, the writer might write “In 2017, an initial experiment was done in this area as reported in [1].  
 Submissions to the poster track are reviewed with the dual-anonymous review process  . The reviewers are unaware of the author identities, and reviewers are anonymous to each other and to the authors.  
 The reviewing process includes a discussion phase after initial reviews have been posted. During this time, the reviewers can examine all reviews and privately discuss the strengths and weaknesses of the work in an anonymous manner through EasyChair. This discussion information can be used by the track chairs in addition to the content of the review in making final acceptance decisions.  
 The SIGCSE TS 2025 review process does not  have a rebuttal period for authors to respond to comments, and all acceptance decisions are final.  
 ACM Policies   
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects ( https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/research-involving-human-participants-and-subjects  ). Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy. See also the authorship policies  .  
 ACM has made a commitment to collect ORCiD IDs from all published authors ( https://authors.acm.org/author-resources/orcid-faqs  ). All authors on each submission must have an ORCiD ID ( https://orcid.org/register  ) in order to complete the submission process. Please make sure to get your ORCID ID in advance of submitting your work.  
   
 Author Checklist  
   
 Additional details are in the instructions for authors  .   
 Getting ready   
 Make sure that all authors have obtained an | ORCiD | identifier. These identifiers are required for paper submission. 
  Check the author list carefully now and review with your co-authors. The authors on the submission must be the same as the authors on the final version of the work (assuming the work is accepted). Authors may not be added or removed after submission and must also appear in the same order as in the submission. 
  Identify at least one author who is willing to review for the symposium. Have that author or those authors sign up to review at | https://tinyurl.com/review-sigcse25 | . (If they’ve done so already, there is no need to fill out the form a second time.) | Researchers listed as co-authors on three or more submissions must volunteer to review. | (Undergraduate co-authors are exempt from this requirement.) 
  Download an appropriate template. (see | Instructions for Authors | ) 
  Review Additional Format Instructions in Instructions for Authors Tab- be sure you have included all required items. 
  Review the | additional resources | . 
  Review the | instructions for reviewers | and the | Review Form | to see what reviewers will be looking for in your paper. 
  Look at the list of topics in the Info menu on this site or on EasyChair and pick 3-7 appropriate topics for your submission. 
  Look at the | EasyChair submission page | to make sure you’ll be prepared to fill everything out. Note that you are permitted to update your submission until the deadline, so it is fine to put draft information there as you get ready. 
  IMPORTANT: no author names should be added to the PDF of your submission as the review process is double-anonymous. 
  The submission on EasyChair   
 Note  : EasyChair does not let you save incomplete submission forms. Please fill out all of the fields in one sitting and save them. After that, you can continue to update the information in the fields and your submission until the deadline.   
 Use an appropriate template. 
  Ensure that your submission is accessible. See | accessibility tips for authors | for further details. 
  Ensure that your submission does not exceed the page limit. 
  For the double anonymous review process, ensure that your submission contains no author names or affiliations, but that you have left space for them, as per the instructions for authors. 
  The authors list in the EasyChair submission form should match exactly what you plan the non-anonymized author list to be in your camera-ready final submission (if the submission is accepted). Author lists can NOT be modified (this includes add/remove/reorder) 
  Submit the final version | by 11:59 p.m. AOE, Monday, 14 October 2024. 
    
 Post-Acceptance and Presentation Information  
   
 What Gets Published?   
 The full 2-page extended abstract for each accepted poster will be published in the SIGCSE TS 2025 proceedings.  
 Presentation Details   
 By SIGCSE policy, at least one  author of an accepted poster is required to register, attend, and present the work. SIGCSE TS 2025 posters will be presented only in-person.  
 Please print your poster in advance and bring it with you to the conference. The poster board size is 4 foot tall by 8 foot wide (48in x 96in), so a standard 36" by 48” poster would work well. Please arrive 15-20 minutes before your session to get set up. Each poster station will have push pins available. Please take down and remove your poster at the end of the session. At least one of the Poster Track Co-Chairs will be present at each session.  
   
 Resources  
   
 Suggestions for poster design are given in Creating Effective Academic Posters  (UC Davis) and Research Posters 101  ( ACM Crossroads  article). While both of these references provide suggestions for student researchers, the ideas are also applicable to posters for this conference.  
 For samples of accepted posters, see prior SIGCSE TS proceedings. For example, posters for SIGCSE TS 2023 may be found at https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/3545947#heading9  and a sample poster from that list can be found at https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/3545947.3576292  .  
 Sample Poster Submission   
 Here’s a Sample Poster Submission with Notes  that is in the correct format and has additional notes about what is required.  
 Language Editing Assistance   
 ACM has partnered with International Science Editing (ISE)  to provide language editing services to ACM authors. ISE offers a comprehensive range of services for authors including standard and premium English language editing, as well as illustration and translation services. Editing services are at author expense and do not guarantee publication of a manuscript.  
   
 Instructions for Reviewers  

 Reviewing Phase | Start Date | End Date 
 Reviewing | Thursday, 17 October 2024 | Thursday, 31 October 2024 
 Discussion & Recommendations | Friday, 1 November 2024 | Friday, 8 November 2024 
  
 Table of Contents   
 Overview 
  Submission and Review System 
  Dual-Anonymous Review Process 
  Getting Started Reviewing 
  Poster Review Guidelines 
  Poster Review Process Steps 
  Discussion 
  Recalcitrant Reviewers 
  Overview   
 Posters provide an opportunity for an informal presentation featuring “give and take” with conference attendees. Presenting a poster is also a good way in which to discuss and receive feedback on work in progress that has not been fully developed into a paper. Posters should not be previously published (neither as a paper nor as a poster).  
 Poster submissions will be reviewed using the dual-anonymous review process (see below).  
 Submission and Review System   
 The review process for SIGCSE TS 2025 will be done using the EasyChair submission system ( https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=sigcsets2025  ). Reviewers will be invited to join/login into EasyChair, update their profile, and select 3-5 topics that they are most qualified to review. To do so, reviewers select SIGCSE TS 2025 > Conference > My topics from the menu and select at most 5 topics. More topics make it harder for the EasyChair system to make a good set of matches. Reviewers also identify their Conflicts of Interest by selecting SIGCSE TS 2025 > Conference > My Conflicts.  
 Dual-Anonymous Review Process   
 Authors must submit ONLY an anonymized version of the submission. The goal of the anonymized version is to, as much as possible, provide the author(s) of the submission with an unbiased review. The anonymized version should have ALL mentions of the authors removed (including author’s names and affiliation plus identifying information within the body of the submission such as websites or related publications). However, authors are reminded to leave sufficient space in the submitted manuscripts to accommodate author information either at the beginning or end of the submission. LaTeX/Overleaf users are welcome to use the anonymous option, but are reminded that sufficient room must exist in the submission to include all author blocks when that option is removed. Authors may choose to use placeholder text in the author information block, but we encourage authors to use obviously anonymized placeholders like “Author 1”, “Affiliation 1”, etc.  
 Self-citations need not be removed if they are worded so that the reviewer doesn’t know if the writer is citing themselves. That is, instead of writing “We reported on our first experiment in 2017 in a previous paper [1]”, the writer might write “In 2017, an initial experiment was done in this area as reported in [1].  
 Submissions to the Posters track are reviewed with the dual-anonymous review process. The reviewers are unaware of the author identities, and reviewers are anonymous to each other and to the authors.  
 The reviewing process includes a discussion phase after initial reviews have been posted. During this time, the reviewers can examine all reviews and privately discuss the strengths and weaknesses of the work in an anonymous manner through EasyChair. An Associate Program Chair (APC) will help move the discussion forward. This discussion information can be used by the Track Chairs in addition to the content of the review in making final decisions.  
 The SIGCSE TS 2025 review process does not have a rebuttal period for authors to respond to comments, and all acceptance decisions are final.  
 Getting Started Reviewing   
 Before starting your review, you may be asked by the Track Chairs to declare conflicts with any submitting authors. Please do so in a timely manner so we can avoid conflicts during assignment.  
 As a Reviewer, we ask that you carefully read each submission assigned to you and write a constructive review that concisely summarizes what you believe the submission to be about. When reviewing a submission, consider:  
 the strengths and weaknesses, 
  the contribution to an outstanding SIGCSE TS 2025 program and experience for attendees, and 
  how it brings new ideas or extends current ideas through replication to the field and to practitioners and researchers of computing education. 
  Poster Review Guidelines   
 Keep in mind that posters are meant to be a place to present and receive feedback on work that is in progress. Please provide constructive feedback and clearly justify your choice of rating to help the authors. A review that gives a low score with no written comments is not helpful to the authors since it simply tells the authors that they have been unsuccessful, with no indication of how or why.  
 Reviewers will be asked to summarize the work; provide their familiarity with the submission topic; evaluate the contribution, background and relation work, approach and uniqueness, and results and conclusions; provide written comments including strengths and weaknesses of the submissions; and provide an overall evaluation.  
 We strongly recommend that you prepare your review in a separate document; EasyChair has been known to time out.   
 While your review text should clearly support your scores and recommendation, please do not include your preference for acceptance or rejection of a submission in the feedback to the authors. Instead, use the provided radio buttons to make a recommendation (the authors will not see this) based on your summary review and provide any details that refer to your recommendation directly in the confidential comments to the APC or Track Chairs. Remember that as a reviewer, you will only see a small portion of the submissions, so one that you recommend for acceptance may be rejected when considering the other reviewer recommendations and the full set of submissions.  
 Poster Review Process Steps   
 Step 1: Authors submit Posters   
 As indicated in the Instructions for Authors  , submissions are supposed to be sufficiently anonymous so that the reviewer cannot determine the identity or affiliation of the authors. The main purpose of the anonymous reviewing process is to reduce the influence of potential (positive or negative) biases on reviewers’ assessments. You should be able to review the work without knowing the authors or their affiliations. Do not try to find out the identity of authors. When in doubt, please contact the Track Chairs.  
 Step 2: Reviewers and APCs Submit Topics and Conflicts   
 Reviewers and APCs select topics they feel most qualified to review. This helps the system prioritize posters for review assignment. Reviewers and APCs enter conflicts. Note that these steps MUST be completed for the Poster Track even if they were already completed for another track. The topics and conflicts do not propagate across tracks.  
 Step 3: Track Chairs Decide on Desk Rejects   
 The Track Chairs will quickly review each poster submission to determine whether it violates anonymization requirements, formatting requirements, or length restrictions. Authors of desk-rejected posters will be notified immediately. The Track Chairs may not catch every issue. If you see something during the review process that you believe should be desk rejected, contact the Track Chairs at posters@sigcse2025.sigcse.org  before you write a review. The Track Chairs, in consultation with the Program Chairs, will make the final judgment about whether something is a violation, and give you guidance on whether and if so how to write a review. Note that Track Chairs with conflicts of interest are excluded from deciding on desk-rejected posters, leaving the decision to the other Track Chair.  
 Step 4: Track Chairs Assign Reviewers and APCs   
 The Track Chairs will collaboratively assign at least three Reviewers and one APC for each poster submission. The Track Chairs will be advised by the submission system assignment algorithm. Reviewing assignments can only be made by a Track Chair without a conflict of interest.  
 Step 5a: Reviewers Review Posters   
 Assigned Reviewers submit their anonymous reviews by the review deadline, reviewing each of their assigned submissions against the Poster Reviewing Guidelines  . We strongly recommend that you prepare your rationale in a separate document; EasyChair has been known to time out.  Note that Reviewers must NOT include accept or reject decisions in their review text.  (They will indicate accept/reject recommendations separately.)  
 Due to the internal and external (publication) deadlines, we generally cannot give reviewers or APCs extensions. Note that reviewers, APCs, and Track Chairs with conflicts cannot see any of the reviews of the posters for which they have conflicts of interest during this process.  
 Step 5b: APCs and Track Chairs Monitor Review Progress   
 APCs and Track Chairs periodically check in to ensure that progress is being made. If needed, Track Chairs send email reminders to the reviewers with the expectations and timelines. If needed, the Program Chairs and Track Chairs recruit emergency reviewers if any of the submissions do not have a sufficient number of reviews, if there is lots of variability in the reviews, or if an expert review is needed.  
 Step 6: Discussion between Reviewers and APCs   
 The discussion period provides the opportunity for the Reviewers and the APCs to discuss the reviews and reach an agreement on the quality of the submission relative to the expectations for the track to which it was submitted. The APCs  are expected to take a leadership role and moderate the discussion. Reviewers  are expected to engage in the discussion when prompted by other Reviewers and/or by the APCs by using the Comments feature of EasyChair.  
 During the discussion period, Reviewers are able to revise their reviews but are NOT required to do so. It is important that at no point Reviewers feel forced to change their reviews, scores, or viewpoints in this process. The APC can disagree with the reviewers and communicate this to the Track Chairs if needed. Everyone is asked to do the following:  
 Read all the reviews of all posters assigned (and re-read your own reviews). 
  Engage in a discussion about sources of disagreement. 
  Use the | Poster Reviewing Guidelines | to guide your discussions. 
  Be polite, friendly, and constructive at all times. 
  Be responsive and react as soon as new information comes in. 
  Remain open to other reviewers shifting your judgments. 
  Explicitly state any clarifying questions that could change your evaluation of the poster 
  Step 7: Track Chairs & Program Chairs Make Decisions & Notify Authors   
 The Track Chairs go through all the submissions and read all the reviews to ensure clarity and as much consistency with the review process and its criteria as possible. APCs are consulted if needed. Poster submissions do not receive meta-reviews in general, but in a small number of cases Track Chairs may write brief meta-reviews to share their interpretation of reviews. The Track Chairs make recommendations to the Program Chairs based on the reviews and their own expertise as well as a desire to provide an appropriately varied program. The Program Chairs then make final decisions and notify all authors of the decisions about their posters via the submission system.  
 Step 8: Evaluation   
 The Evaluation Chairs send out surveys to authors, reviewers, and APCs. Please take the time to respond to these surveys, as they inform processes and policies for future SIGCSE Technical Symposia. The Track Chairs also request feedback from the APCs on the quality of reviews as a metric to be used for future invitations to review for the SIGCSE Technical Symposium.  
 Discussion   
 The discussion and recommendation period provides the opportunity for the Track Chairs to discuss reviews and feedback so they can provide the best recommendation for acceptance or rejection to the Program Chairs and that the submission is given full consideration in the review process. We ask that Reviewers engage in discussion when prompted by other reviewers, the APC, or the Track Chairs by using the Comments feature of EasyChair. During this period you will be able to revise your review based on the discussion, but you are not required to do so.  
 The Track Chairs will make a final recommendation to the Program Chairs from your feedback.  
 Recalcitrant Reviewers   
 Reviewers who don’t submit reviews, have reviews with limited constructive feedback, do not engage effectively in the discussion phase, or submit inappropriate reviews will be removed from the reviewer list (as per SIGCSE policy  ). Recalcitrant reviewers will be informed of their removal from the reviewer list. Reviewers with repeated offenses (two within a three-year period) will be removed from SIGCSE reviewing for three years.  
   
 Review Form  
   
 The following text represents the review form.   
 Summary  : Please provide a brief summary of the submission, its audience, and its main point(s).  
 Familiarity  : Rate your personal familiarity with the topic area of this submission in relation to your research or practical experience.  
 The contribution is clearly described  : Select your rating.  
 Background and Related Work  : Please rate the background and related work of this poster submission.  
 Approach and Uniqueness  : Please rate the approach and uniqueness of this poster submission.  
 Results and Contribution  : Please rate the results and contribution of this poster submission.  
 Overall evaluation  : Please provide a detailed justification that includes constructive feedback that summarizes the strengths & weaknesses of the submission and clarifies your scores. Both the score and the review text are required, but remember that the authors will not see the overall recommendation score (only your review text). You should NOT directly include your preference for acceptance or rejection in your review.  

 Submission Link   
   
   https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sigcsets2025     
   
 Track Chairs    
   
 Ashish Aggarwal Posters Co-Chair (posters@sigcse2025.sigcse.org)    
 University of Florida   
 United States 
  Kalpathi Subramanian Posters Co-Chair (posters@sigcse2025.sigcse.org)    
 The University of North Carolina at Charlotte   
 United States 

 x  Tue 3 Dec 12:33    

  SIGCSE TS 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 SIGCSE TS 2025  
 Keynotes   
  Papers   
  Panels   
  Special Sessions   
  Tutorials   
  ACM Student Research Competition   
  Birds of a Feather   
  Demos   
  Lightning Talks   
  Nifty Assignments   
  Posters   
  Affiliated Events   
  Journal First   
  Supporter Sessions   
  Logistics    

 Attending  
 Registration   
  Hotels and Roommates   
  Venue Information   
  Student Volunteers   
  Kids' Camp   
  SIGCSE TS Travel Grant Donations   
  Safe and Respectful Environment   
  Pittsburgh Information

32. Conference Group_1:
Home 
  Blog 
  Authors 
  Reviewers 
  Attendees 
  Travel 
  Sponsors and Exhibitors 
  Organizing 

 Home 
  Blog 
  Authors | Papers 
  Case Studies 
  Late Breaking Work 
  Interactivity 
  alt.CHI 
  Journals 
  Video Showcase 
  Workshops 
  Panels 
  SIG 
  In-Person Doctoral Consortium 
  Remote Doctoral Consortium 
  Student Design Competition 
  Student Game Competition 
  Student Research Competition 
  Courses 
  Reviewers | Guide to Reviewing 
  Code of Conduct in Review 
  Attendees | Registration 
  Program at a Glance 
  Program 
  Hybrid Experience 
  Travel | Visa 
  Transportation and Accommodation 
  Getting Around Yokohama 
  Childcare Support 
  Sponsors and Exhibitors | Confirmed Sponsors 
  Call for Sponsors and Exhibitors 
  Code of Conduct for Sponsors and Exhibitors 
  Organizing | Organizing Committee 
  Student Volunteers 

 Home  » For Authors  » Special Interest Groups   

 Recent Posts  
 CHI 2025 Registration is Now Open! 
  We Need Your Help Planning Accessibility Support for CHI 2025 
  SV T-Shirt Design Competition 
  Call for SVs 
  ACM code of conduct in review 
    
 Upcoming Deadlines  
 All times are in Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone. The submission site of each track will open approximately four weeks before its submission deadline.  
   
 Submission  September 12, 2024 | Notification  January 16, 2025 | Papers 
  Submission  October 10, 2024 | Notification  November 28, 2024 | Case Studies of HCI in Practice | Courses | Workshops 
  Submission  October 24, 2024 | Notification  December 5, 2024 | In-Person Doctoral Consortium 
  Submission  December 5, 2024 | Notification  January 30, 2025 | alt.CHI | Panel | SIG 
  Submission  December 19, 2024 | Notification  January 16, 2025 | Journal 
  Submission  January 22, 2025 | Notification  January 27, 2025 | Student Volunteer 
  Submission  January 23, 2025 | Notification  February 20, 2025 | Late Breaking Work | Interactivity | Remote Doctoral Consortium | Student Design Competition | Student Game Competition | Student Research Competition | Video Showcase 

 Special Interest Groups  
 Special Interest Groups are in-person only.   
   
 Important Dates   
 All times are in Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone. When the deadline is day  D   , the last time to submit is when  D   ends AoE.  Check your local time in AoE.    
 Submission deadline: | Thursday, December 5, 2024 
  Notification deadline: | Thursday, January 30, 2025 
  e-rights completion deadline: | Thursday, February 6, 2025 
  Publication-ready deadline: | Thursday, February 20, 2025 
  TAPS Closes: | Thursday, February 27, 2025 
    
 Submission Details   
 Online submission: | PCS Submission System 
  Template: | ACM Master Article Submission Templates | (single column) 
  Submission length: Up to 5 pages (excluding references and mandatory supplementary material describing the SIG). 
  Submissions are not anonymous | and should include all author names, affiliations, and contact information. 
    
 ACM Selection Process Category   
 Reviewed    
   
 Message from the Special Interest Group Chairs   
 Special Interest Groups (SIGs) provide an opportunity to attract a group of conference attendees who share a common interest and engage them in face-to-face discussions. Organizing a SIG is a great way to start or extend your involvement in the CHI conference program. Several SIGs have evolved into other successful contribution types at subsequent conferences. In addition to interesting, timely and novel SIG topics, we also encourage creative approaches to conducting the SIG itself. While the SIG should provide a structure for discussion, successful SIGs have used exciting approaches to promote lively debate. For instance, previous years formats for the SIG session included a designathon, a reflection exercise, and a sketching group.   
 If you have any doubts regarding SIGs, we welcome you to contact us before submitting your proposal to discuss your ideas for innovative and attractive SIGs!   
   
 ACM’s Publication Policies   
 It is critical that authors review ACM’s publications policies. Please read this separate page  for them.  
   
 What is a Special Interest Group?   
 Special Interest Groups (SIGs) enable conference attendees sharing a common interest to meet informally for 75 minutes of facilitated discussion during a scheduled session at the conference. SIGs offer excellent opportunities for dialog and deliberation on a specific topic. The conference provides each SIG with meeting space and advertises SIG meetings to the rest of the conference in the Extended Abstracts and Conference Program.   
   
 Should I Consider the Workshops, Courses, Special Interest Group, or Panel track?   
 Special Interest Groups enable attendees with a common interest to meet for informal but facilitated discussions during the main conference program. Workshops are meetings of subject matter experts exploring new knowledge. Courses are delivered by expert instructors, typically with established reputations, teaching people who are new to a topic. Panels are interactive, discussion-oriented forums in which audience members are participants in the discussion. See  Courses vs. Workshops vs. SIGs   for more information.   
   
 Preparing and Submitting Your Special Interest Groups Proposal   
 SIG submissions must be submitted via the  PCS Submission System   . The submission must have the following components:   
 SIG Proposal: A 5-page description of the SIG (excluding references), suitable for publication in the | ACM Master Article Submission Templates | (single column). 
  Supplementary Material (also mandatory) using the same template and up to 2-pages. | A brief description of the community (or communities) to which this SIG would be of interest and why it is of interest. 
  Assumed attendee background. 
  The approach you will use for organizing and presenting the SIG. 
  An informal schedule of discussion topics. 
  Your plan to attract a reasonable number of attendees. 
  Which organizer should serve as the primary contact. 
  While not strictly required, we prefer that proposals be authored by a minimum of two individuals representing at least two different organizations. We also encourage prospective SIG organizers to examine examples of accepted SIG abstracts from recent CHI conferences, which are listed below:   
 CHI 2023: Human-Centered Responsible Artificial Intelligence: Current & Future Trends | https://doi.org/10.1145/3544549.3583178 
  CHI 2023: Games and Play SIG: Connecting Through Social and Playful Technologies | https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3544549.3583176 
  CHI 2023: Reflecting on Hybrid Events: Learning from a Year of Hybrid Experiences | https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3544549.3583181 
  CHI 2021: Queer in HCI: Strengthening the Community of LGBTQIA+ Researchers and Research | https://doi.org/10.1145/3411763.3450403 
  CHI 2021: Creative Immersive AI: Emerging Challenges and Opportunities for Creative Applications of AI in Immersive Media | https://doi.org/10.1145/3411763.3450399 
  CHI 2021: Physiological I/O | https://doi.org/10.1145/3411763.3450407 
  Authors are strongly encouraged to work on improving the accessibility of their submissions, using recommendations found in the  Guide to an Accessible Submission   . If you have any questions or concerns about creating accessible submissions, please contact the Accessibility Chairs at  accessibility@chi2025.acm.org  .   
   
 Metadata Integrity   
 All submission metadata, including required fields in PCS like author names, affiliations, and order, must be complete and correct by the submission deadline. This information is crucial to the integrity of the review process and  author representation   . The submission deadline is a hard deadline for listing all  author names  ; there are  no exceptions  . Changes to the order of authors are allowed only during the Publication-Ready submission phase. Minor changes to the title and abstract are permitted during the Publication-Ready submission phase.   
   
 Policy on Use of Large Language Models   
 Text generated from a large-scale language model (LLM), such as ChatGPT, must be clearly marked where such tools are used for  purposes beyond editing the author’s own text.  Please carefully review the April 2023  ACM Policy on Authorship   before you use these tools. The  SIGCHI blog post   describes approaches to acknowledging the use of such tools and we refer to it for guidance. Note that the LaTeX template will default to hiding the Acknowledgements section while in review mode – please make sure that any LLM disclosure is available in your submitted version. While we do not anticipate using tools on a large scale to detect LLM-generated text, we will investigate submissions brought to our attention and  desk reject  papers where LLM use is not clearly marked.   
   
 Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects   
 Any research in submitted manuscripts that involves human subjects must go through the appropriate ethics review requirements that apply to the authors’ research environment. As research environments vary considerably with regards to their requirements, authors are asked to submit a short note to reviewers that provides this context. Please also see the 2021 ACM Publications policy on  research involving humans   before submitting.   
   
 Accessibility   
 Accessible submissions are essential for reviewers and are good practice. Authors are expected to follow  SIGCHI’s Guide to an Accessible Submission   . If you have any questions or concerns about creating accessible submissions, please contact the Accessibility Chairs at  accessibility@chi2025.acm.org  early in the writing process (the closer to the deadline, the less time the team will have to respond to individual requests).   
   
 Selection Process   
 Submissions are  Reviewed   ; although the process is highly selective, it does not necessarily follow a reviewing process by a committee, and authors should not expect to receive formal feedback on their submission other than the selection decision.   
 We consider the following criteria, in descending order of priority:   
 Appeal to the community: | Is the topic both timely and of wide enough appeal to attract a significant audience? At the same time, is the topic sufficiently focused to allow for productive discussion during the SIG meeting? Too narrow, and the SIG might attract too few people; too broad, and it is difficult for progress to be made in the relatively short duration of a SIG. 
  Format: | Is the proposed format conducive to discussion and shared insight? Will it be possible to achieve its aims? SIGs are not workshops, nor project showcases, nor tutorials. 
  Diversity of perspective: | It helps to be able to show that the SIG will be able to encompass a wide perspective, and that the organizers can accommodate and facilitate discussion across this breadth. Places to show this are in the description of the intended community, the assumed attendee background, and the home institutions and disciplines of the organizers. 
  Continuity: | Does the SIG support the development of a longer term interest group, for example follow-on SIGs or other types of contributions at subsequent CHI and other conferences, or a SIGCHI Community? If the topic is a very recent or new one, or a revival of an old topic, then arguments will need to be made, to demonstrate that it is a topic that will persist, rather than simply being this year’s fashion. If the topic is a continuation of previous SIG(s), then it is necessary to present the latest developments of the topic and their projection into the future. 
  Submissions should not contain sensitive, private, or proprietary information that cannot be disclosed at publication time. Submissions should NOT be anonymous. However, confidentiality of submissions will be maintained during the review process. All rejected submissions will be kept confidential in perpetuity. All submitted materials for accepted submissions will be kept confidential until the start of the conference, with the exception of title and author information which will be published on the website prior to the conference.   
   
 Upon Acceptance of Your Submission   
 The corresponding author of a conditionally accepted paper has to follow the  instructions   (link tba) on preparing and submitting a final version by the Publication-Ready Deadline. If the authors cannot meet these requirements by the Publication-Ready deadline, the venue chairs will be notified and may be required to remove the paper from the program. The publication-ready version has to follow the LaTeX and Word templates from ACM. Should you need technical assistance, please direct your technical query to: publications@chi2025.acm.org   .   
   
 At the Conference   
 Accepted SIGs will have a scheduled session at the conference. After your SIG is accepted, we will notify you what technical support will be available. Rooms will be set up to facilitate discussion.   
 Note that all SIGs are fully in-person only. In case none of the SIG organizers becomes unable to attend the conference in person due to unavoidable reasons (e.g., visa denial), please contact the SIG chairs at sigs@chi2025.acm.org  .   
   
 After the Conference   
 After the conference, the organizers are encouraged to continue their SIG by organizing a workshop at a future conference or creating and maintaining a website. Accepted SIG proposals will be published in CHI Conference Extended Abstracts in the  ACM Digital Library   .   
  
 Contact Us   
 Special Interest Groups Chairs  
 Christian Sturm, Jina Huh-Yoo  
 sigs@chi2025.acm.org   

 © 2025 | ACM SIGCHI  - ACM Privacy Policy

33. Conference SACMAT_1:
About 
 Call for Papers 
 Important Dates 
 Officers 
 Proceedings 
 Program 
 Program Committee 
 Venue 
 Visa Information 
 Since 1995 | About | Call for Papers | Important Dates | Officers | Proceedings | Program | Program Committee | Venue | Visa Information | Since 1995 | About  
 The ACM Symposium on Access Control Models and Technologies (SACMAT)  is the premier forum for the presentation of research results and experience reports on leading edge issues of access control, including models, systems, applications, and theory. The aims of the symposium are to share novel access control solutions that fulfill the needs of heterogeneous applications and environments, and to identify new directions for future research and development. SACMAT provides researchers and practitioners with a unique opportunity to share their perspectives with others interested in the various aspects of access control. 
 About 
 Call for Papers 
 Important Dates 
 Officers 
 Proceedings 
 Program 
 Program Committee 
 Venue 
 Visa Information 
 Since 1995 
 Copyright © 2005-2024 ACM SACMAT All rights reserved.  
 Privacy policy  • Cookie policy

34. Conference Group_2:
About   
 What is SIGCHI?   
  Ethics and Conduct   
  Policies   
  CARES   
  Voting History   
  Contact Us   

 People   
 Membership   
  Executive Committee   
  All Committees   
  Chapters   
  Awards   
  Volunteer History   

 Conferences   
 Upcoming Conferences   
  Conference History   
  Publications   

 Resources   
 Open Calls   
  Development Fund   
  Gary Marsden Travel Awards   
  Guides for Authors   
  Guides for Organizers   

 News   
 Blog   
  Meetings   
  Announcements   
  YouTube   

  Join Us      

 Menu  

 About   
 What is SIGCHI?   
  Ethics and Conduct   
  Policies   
  CARES   
  Voting History   
  Contact Us   

 People   
 Membership   
  Executive Committee   
  All Committees   
  Chapters   
  Awards   
  Volunteer History   

 Conferences   
 Upcoming Conferences   
  Conference History   
  Publications   

 Resources   
 Open Calls   
  Development Fund   
  Gary Marsden Travel Awards   
  Guides for Authors   
  Guides for Organizers   

 News   
 Blog   
  Meetings   
  Announcements   
  YouTube   

 Home  
  /  
 Events  
  /  
 GROUP 2025  
    
 GROUP 2025  

 The ACM International Conference on Supporting Group Work (GROUP) is a premier yet intimate and welcoming venue for research on Computer Supported Cooperative Work, Sociotechnical Studies, Practice-Centered Computing, Human Computer Interaction, Computer Supported Collaborative Learning, Open Source Software, and related endeavors. GROUP 2025 will be held at Sonesta Resort, Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, USA, January 12-15, 2025.  
 Event type  
 Conference   
   
 Time  
 Sun Jan 12 2025 - Wed Jan 15 2025   
   
 Venue  
 South Carolina, USA   
   
 Event Link     

 Home   
  About   
  Chapters   
  Calendar   
  Updates   
    
 SIGCHI Programs App   
  SIGCHI on ACM Digital Library   
  Application Forms   
  Memberships   
  Contact Us   

 © ACM Special Interest Group on Computer-Human Interaction · 2024  
 Powered by    
   
 Privacy Policy  
    
 Back to top

35. Conference SACMAT_2:
About 
 Advance Program 
 Invited Speakers 
 Call for Papers 
 Important Dates 
 Accepted Papers 
 Program Committee 
 Officers 
 Conference Venue 
 Registration 
 Hotel Information 
 Travel Information 
 Since 1995 
 Maintained and  
  Sponsored by | About | Advance Program | Invited Speakers | Call for Papers | Important Dates | Accepted Papers | Program Committee | Officers | Conference Venue | Registration | Hotel Information | Travel Information | Since 1995 | Maintained and  
  Sponsored by | ACM Symposium on Access Control Models and Technologies (SACMAT), 1995 onwards. Previously ACM Workshop on Role-Based Access Control (RBAC), 1995-2000.  
 24th SACMAT | : June 4-6, | 2019 | , Toronto, Canada | Steering Chair: Elena Ferrari 
  General Chairs: Florian Kerschbaum and Atefeh Mashatan 
  Program Chairs: Jianwei Niu and Adam J. Lee 
  23rd SACMAT | : June 13-15, | 2018 | , Indianapolis, USA | Steering Chair: Elena Ferrari 
  General Chairs: Elisa Bertino 
  Program Chairs: Dan Lin and Jorge Lobo 
  22nd SACMAT | : June 21-23, | 2017 | , Indianapolis, USA | Steering Chair: Elena Ferrari 
  General Chairs: Elisa Bertino 
  Program Chairs: Ravi Sandhu and Edgar Weippl 
  21st SACMAT | : June 6-8, | 2016 | , Shanghai, China | Steering Chair: Gail-Joon Ahn 
  General Chairs: X. Sean Wang 
  Program Chairs: Lujo Bauer and Florian Kerschbaum 
  20th SACMAT | : June 1-3, | 2015 | , Vienna, Austria | Steering Chair: Gail-Joon Ahn 
  General Chairs: Edgar Weippl 
  Program Chairs: Adam J. Lee and Florian Kerschbaum 
  19th SACMAT | : June 25-27, | 2014 | , London, Canada | Steering Chair: Gail-Joon Ahn 
  General Chairs: Sylvia Osborn 
  Program Chairs: Mahesh V. Tripunitara and Ian M. Molloy 
  18th SACMAT | : June 12-14, | 2013 | , Amsterdam, Netherlands | Steering Chair: Gail-Joon Ahn 
  General Chairs: Mauro Conti 
  Program Chairs: Andreas Schaad and Jaideep Vaidya 
  17th SACMAT | : June 20-22, | 2012 | , Newark, USA | Steering Chair: Gail-Joon Ahn 
  General Chairs: Vijay Atluri and Jaideep Vaidya 
  Program Chairs: Axel Kern and Murat Kantarcioglu 
  16th SACMAT | : June 15-17, | 2011 | , Innsbruck, Austria | Steering Chair: Gail-Joon Ahn 
  General Chair: Ruth Breu 
  Program Chairs: Jason Crampton and Jorge Lobo 
  15th SACMAT | : June 9-11, | 2010 | , Pittsburgh, PA, USA | Steering Chair: Gail-Joon Ahn 
  General Chair: James Joshi 
  Program Chair: Barbara Carminati 
  14th SACMAT | : June 3-5, | 2009 | , Stresa, Italy | Steering Chair: Gail-Joon Ahn 
  General Chair: Barbara Carminati 
  Program Chair: James Joshi 
  13th SACMAT | : June 11-13, | 2008 | , Estes Park, Colorado, USA | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Indrakshi Ray 
  Program Chair: Ninghui Li 
  12th SACMAT | : June 20-22, | 2007 | , Nice-Sophia, Antipolis, France | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Volkmar Lotz 
  Program Chair: Bhavani Thuraisingham 
  11th SACMAT | : June 7-9, | 2006 | , Lake Tahoe, California, USA | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: David Ferraiolo 
  Program Chiar: Indrakshi Ray 
  10th SACMAT | : June 1-3, 2005, Scandic Hasselbacken, Stockholm, Sweden. | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Elena Ferrari 
  Program Chair: Gail-Joon Ahn 
  9th SACMAT | : June 2-4, 2004, | IBM Thomas J Watson Research Center, | Yorktown Heights, USA. | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Trent Jaeger 
  Program Chair: Elena Ferrari 
  8th SACMAT | : June 2-3, 2003, Villa Gallia, Como, Italy 
  Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Elena Ferrari 
  Program Chair: David Ferraiolo 
  7th SACMAT | : June 3-4, 2002, Naval Postgraduate School, Monterey, California, USA 
  Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  Program Chair: Elisa Bertino 
  6th SACMAT | : May 3-4, 2001, Litton-TASC, Chantilly, Virginia, USA | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  Program Chair: Trent Jaeger 
  5th RBAC | : July 26-28, 2000, Technical University of Berlin, Berlin, Germany | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chairs: Klaus Rebensburg and Charles Youman 
  Program Chair: Vijay Atluri 
  4th RBAC | : October 28-29, 1999, George Mason University, Fairfax, Virginia, USA | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Charles Youman 
  Program Chair: Sylvia Osborn 
  3rd RBAC | : October 22-23, 1998, George Mason University, Fairfax, Virginia, USA | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Charles Youman 
  Program Chair: Trent Jaeger 
  2nd RBAC | : November 6-7, 1997, George Mason University, Fairfax, Virginia, USA | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Charles Youman 
  Program Chair: Edward Coyne 
  1st RBAC | : November 30-December 1, 1995, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Gaithersburg, Maryland, USA | Steering Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
  General Chair: Edward Coyne 
  Program Chair: Ravi Sandhu 
 About 
 Advance Program 
 Invited Speakers 
 Call for Papers 
 Important Dates 
 Accepted Papers 
 Program Committee 
 Officers 
 Conference Venue 
 Registration 
 Hotel Information 
 Travel Information 
 Since 1995 
 Maintained and  
  Sponsored by 
 Copyright (c) 2005-2024 ACM SACMAT All rights reserved.

36. Conference SIGCSE_3:
Blogs (4) >>  SIGCSE TS 2024   Wed 20 - Sat 23 March 2024 Portland, Oregon, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Registration 
  Hotels and Roommates 
  Accessibility 
  Health and Safety 
  Venue Information 
  Student Volunteers 
  Kids' Camp 
  Safe and Respectful Environment 
  Portland Information 
  Info | Exhibitors & Supporters 
  Accessibility Tips for Authors 
  Authorship Policies 
  General Policies 
  Reviewer Information and Guidelines 
  Session Chair Guidelines 
  Topics 
  Program | SIGCSE TS Program 
  Your Program 
  Accessible Program 
   Wed 20 Mar 
  Thu 21 Mar 
  Fri 22 Mar 
  Sat 23 Mar 
  Tracks | SIGCSE TS 2024 
  Keynotes 
  Logistics 
  Papers 
  Panels 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 
  ACM Student Research Competition 
  Birds of a Feather 
  Demos 
  Lightning Talks 
  Nifty Assignments 
  Posters 
  Affiliated Events 
  Journal First 
  Sister Sessions 
  Supporter Sessions 
  Organization | SIGCSE TS 2024 Committees 
  Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Hybrid Committee 
  Ethics Facilitators 
  Subcommittee: Global 
  Subcommittee: Universal Design 
  Track Committees 
  Papers 
  Panels 
  Special Sessions 
  Workshops 
  ACM Student Research Competition 
  Birds of a Feather 
  Demos 
  Lightning Talks 
  Nifty Assignments 
  Posters 
  Affiliated Events 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SIGCSE TS 2025 
  SIGCSE TS 2024 
  SIGCSE TS 2023 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 SIGCSE TS 2024: Blazing New Trails in CS Education  
   
 Welcome!   
 The Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE TS) is organized by the ACM Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE) and is the organization’s flagship conference. The SIGCSE Technical Symposium addresses problems common among educators working to develop, implement and/or evaluate computing programs, curricula, and courses. The symposium provides a forum for sharing new ideas for syllabi, laboratories, and other elements of teaching and pedagogy, at all levels of instruction. The symposium provides a diverse selection of technical sessions and opportunities for learning and interaction.  
 SIGCSE TS 2024 will be held from 20–23 March 2024 at the Oregon Convention Center in Portland, Oregon. While SIGCSE TS 2024 will be primarily an in-person conference, there will be some limited online participation options  .  
 Still Hybrid in 2024!   
 SIGCSE TS 2024 will continue to be a hybrid event. Some aspects of the conference will be only available to in-person attendees. However, online participants will be able to participate in:  
 Keynotes 
  A selection of panels and special sessions 
  A selection of live online paper presentations 
  A selection of online workshops 
  Nifty Assignments 
  The legendary SIGCSE Coffee Break Show 
  The online conference communication platform 
  The remaining aspects of SIGCSE TS 2024—including BoFs, Demos, Lightning Talks, Posters, and the ACM Student Research Competition—will be offered only in person. Online registration will be significantly  cheaper than in-person registration (approximately 1/3 the price) in most cases. Our hope is that this will give everyone an opportunity to present their research at the 2024 SIGCSE Technical Symposium, even if they are unable to travel, and that it will provide an affordable option to enjoy some of the symposium’s content for those that can’t attend in person.  
 Submission Information   
 We will continue to use EasyChair  for SIGCSE TS 2024.  
 We are not requiring ACM TAPS  for SIGCSE TS 2024.  
 We will continue to use the ACM two-column format for papers, posters, panels, special sessions, lightning talks, demos, and the ACM SRC. Workshops and Birds-of-a-feather submissions will now use forms rather than PDFs. Nifty will continue to expect a zipped folder.  
 Submission Link  : https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sigcsets2024   
 Reviewing Information   
 To volunteer to review for SIGCSE TS 2024, please visit https://bit.ly/review-SIGCSE2024  . If you are not sure whether or not you have already volunteered to review, please send email to program@sigcse2024.sigcse.org.  
 New for 2024   
 ORCiD IDs  : ACM has made a commitment to collect ORCiD IDs from all published authors ( https://authors.acm.org/author-resources/orcid-faqs  ). All authors on each submission must have an ORCiD ID ( https://orcid.org/register  ) in order to complete the submission process. Please make sure to get your ORCID ID in advance of submitting your work.  
 New Review Process for Panels, Special Sessions, and Workshops  : We will be using a new review process for round-one single-anonymous tracks (Panels, Special Sessions, and Workshops). Information on that process can be found in the “Information for Reviewers” tab on any of those tracks.  
 Review Forms  : In the interest of transparency, we have provided the text of the review form for each track as a separate tab on that track.  
 Author’s Checklists  : to help authors create submissions that meet all the requirements for a specific track, as a separate tab on each track.  
 Expanded Topic List  : We have expanded the topic list to include Broadening Participation in Computing as a separate set of topics. Since BPC relates to each of our other categories (Computing Topics, Education and Experience Topics, Curriculum Topics, and Methods Topics), we have given BPC its own category. We also anticipate that using these topics will better ensure that reviewers are familiar with the particular topics.  
 Outstanding Reviewer Awards  : We plan to select a small group of paper reviewers as “outstanding reviewers” based on feedback from APCs.  
 Important Deadlines   
  
 Round One | Papers, Panels, Special Sessions, Workshops 
 Abstract Due Date (Papers Only) | Friday, 11 August 2023 
 Abstract Due Time (Papers Only) | 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12h) 
 Round One Due Date | Friday, 18 August 2023 
 Round One Due Time | 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12h) 
 Round One Notification to Authors  * | Monday, 2 October 2023 tentative 
 Round Two | ACM Student Research Competition, BoFs, Demos, Lightning Talks, Nifty Assignments, Posters 
 Round Two Due Date | Friday, 13 October 2023 
 Round Two Due Time | 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth, UTC-12h) 
 Round Two Notification to Authors | Monday, 13 November 2023 tentative 
 Final Submissions Due (for accepted work) | December (precise dates to be determined) 

 Supporters  
   
 Platinum  

   Gold  

   Silver  

   Are you interested in supporting the SIGCSE Technical Symposium, or being an exhibitor? Opportunities are still available! Additional information about such can be found on our Supporters & Exhibitors  page.  

  SIGCSE TS 2024 Tracks   
   
 Keynotes  | Logistics  | Papers  | Panels  | Special Sessions  | Workshops  | ACM Student Research Competition  | Birds of a Feather  | Demos  | Lightning Talks  | Nifty Assignments  | Posters  | Affiliated Events  | Journal First  | Sister Sessions  | Supporter Sessions    

 Picked Blogs    

 Photographs Available Tue 23 Apr 2024   
  by Ben Stephenson 
 Your Online Participation Guide Mon 18 Mar 2024   
  by Delaram Yazdansepas 
 Pre-Symposium Announcements Mon 18 Mar 2024   
  by Delaram Yazdansepas 
 SIGCSE TS Online Experience Fri 5 Jan 2024   
  by Delaram Yazdansepas 

 Supporters   

 Platinum 
 Platinum 
 Platinum 
 Gold 
 Gold 
 Gold 
 Silver 
 Silver 

 x  Tue 3 Dec 12:33    

  SIGCSE TS 2024   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Keynotes   
  Logistics   
  Papers   
  Panels   
  Special Sessions   
  Workshops   
  ACM Student Research Competition   
  Birds of a Feather   
  Demos   
  Lightning Talks   
  Nifty Assignments   
  Posters   
  Affiliated Events   
  Journal First   
  Sister Sessions   
  Supporter Sessions    

 Attending  
 Registration   
  Hotels and Roommates   
  Accessibility   
  Health and Safety   
  Venue Information   
  Student Volunteers   
  Kids' Camp   
  Safe and Respectful Environment   
  Portland Information

37. Conference SAC_0:
SAC2025    Home 
  ORGANIZATION 
  TECHNICAL TRACKS 
  SUBMISSION | Regular Paper  SRC Submission  Author Kit   Tutorial Proposals 
  PROGRAM | SRC Program  Tutorials Program 
  HISTORY | SAC Stats  SAC History 

 The 40th ACM/SIGAPP Symposium On Applied Computing   
 Sicily, Italy   
 March 31 - April 4, 2025   
  
  sponsored by   
  ACM Special Interest Group on Applied Computing (SIGAPP)   
 hosted by   
  University of Catania   

 notifications  NOTICE  
 Updates | [Dec 03, 2024] The deadline for author registration is extended to Dec. 20, 2024 
  [Nov 28, 2024] Registration site is planned to open in December 9. 
  [Nov 15, 2024] | Tutorial Program | page is open. 
  [Oct 04, 2024] The deadline for submission of regular papers and SRC research abstracts is extended to | Oct. 13, 2024 (EST) | (No further delay). 
  [Sep 22, 2024] | Tutorial Proposals | page is open. 
  [Sep 14, 2024] The deadline for submission of regular papers and SRC research abstracts is extended to | Oct. 4, 2024 | . 
  [Aug 26, 2024] | SRC Program | page is open. 
  [Jun 23, 2024] | Technical Tracks | page is open. 
  [May 16, 2024] | Track Proposals Submission Link | is open. 
  [May 15, 2024] | SAC 2025 | : | Website | is open. 
  ACM's Key Policies | Privacy Policy 
  Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct 
  Policy Against Harassment at ACM Activities | In participating SAC 2025, you acknowledge ACM's Policy Against Harassment at ACM Activities and agree that behavior such as the following will constitute grounds for actions against you: | Abusive action directed at an individual, such as threats, intimidation, or bullying 
  Racism, homophobia, or other behavior that discriminates against a group or class of people 
  Sexual harassment of any kind, such as unwelcome sexual advances or words/actions of a sexual nature | If you are involved in or witness any such incident, please inform the event organizers. 
  SAC No-Show Policy | Paper registration is mandatory to include papers and posters in the conference proceedings. An author or a proxy attending SAC MUST present the paper. This requirement applies to all accepted papers, posters, and invited SRC submissions for inclusion in the ACM digital library. In case of personal circumstances preventing physical attendance, online presentation is allowed, ensuring the paper's inclusion in the ACM digital library. 
  Copyright Notice | As instructed in the author kit authors will receive an email from ACM that contains info on how to complete and submit the copyright. The email from ACM contains a link to the copyright webpage where authors will need to check the title and author names of their paper, correct them if wrong and then submit the completed copyright form to the ACM system by clicking a submit button. Authors need to upload the final camera-ready copies (papers, posters, and SRC abstracts) to the submission system so that they are verified for inclusion in the proceedings. 

 calendar_month  IMPORTANT DATES  
 May 24, 2024 | Submission of track proposals 
 May 31, 2024 | Notification of acceptance/rejection of track proposals 
 June 7, 2024 | Submission of track CFPs to the Program Chairs 
 September 20, 2024  October 13, 2024 (EST) (No Further Delay) | Submission of regular papers and SRC research abstracts 
 October 11, 2024 | Submission of Tutorial Proposals 
 November 1, 2024 | Notification of Tutorials Acceptance 
 October 30, 2024  November 22, 2024 (Tentative) | Notification of paper acceptance/rejection 
 October 30, 2024  November 22, 2024 (Tentative) | Notification of SRC acceptance/rejection 
 November 29, 2024  December 13, 2024 | Camera-ready copies of accepted papers/SRC 
 December 13, 2024  December 20, 2024 | Author registration due date 
 Tuesday April 1, 2025: SRC Posters Exhibit 
 Wednesday April 2, 2025: Non-SRC Posters Program 
 Thursday April 3, 2025: SRC Oral Presentations 

 keyboard_arrow_up    
  Copyright © 2021-2025 SIGAPP  . All rights reserved.

38. Conference DocEng_0:
The ACM Symposium on Document Engineering    
 Start 
  Policies 
  Steering Committee 
  Symposia 
  DocEng 2025 
  DocEng 2025 
  Submission 

  The 25 th  ACM Symposium on Document Engineering  
 September 2, 2025 to September 5, 2025   
  University of Nottingham, Nottingham, UK   
 The 25 th  ACM Symposium on Document Engineering (DocEng'25) seeks original research papers that focus on the design, implementation, development, management, use and evaluation of advanced systems where documents and document collections play a key role. DocEng emphasizes innovative approaches to document engineering technology, use of documents and document collections in real-world applications, and novel principles, tools and processes that improve our ability to create, manage, maintain, share, and productively use these.  
 In particular, DocEng'25 seeks contributions in the area of cooperative work with documents.  
 You are invited to submit original papers to DocEng'25, to be held in Nottingham, UK. Attendees at this international forum have interests that span all aspects of document engineering and applications.  
 Contact Information  
 Please contact the organizers via TBD   

      The 25 th  ACM Symposium on Document Engineering ( DocEng'25  )  
 September 2, 2025  to September 5, 2025   
 Nottingham, UK     

 DocEng anti-harassment policy  and information on other applicable policies

39. Conference Group_3:
Multiple Category Search!  
 Narrow down your search results by selecting more than one category (e.g. a specific type of "Degree" in a specific "Country")  
 Select KMedu opportunities by...   
       » …Availability  In-house KMedu  Public KMedu     
 » …Country  Afghanistan (AFG)  Algeria (DZ)  Angola (ANG)  Argentina (RA)  Armenia (AM)  Australia (AUS)  Austria (A)  Bahrain (BRN)  Bangladesh (BD)  Belarus (BY)  Belgium (B)  Belize (BZ)  Benin (DY)  Bolivia (BOL)  Bosnia and Herzegovina (BIH)  Botswana (RB)  Brazil (BR)  Brunei (BRU)  Bulgaria (BG)  Burkina Faso (BF)  Burundi (RU)  Cambodia (K)  Cameroon (CAM)  Canada (CDN)  Cape Verde (CV)  Chile (RCH)  China (CN)  Colombia (CO)  Congo. Democratic Republic (CGO)  Congo. Republic (RCB)  Costa Rica (CR)  Côte d’Ivoire (CI)  Croatia (HR)  Cuba (C)  Cyprus (CY)  Czech Republic (CZ)  Denmark (DK)  Djibouti (DJI)  Dominican Republic (DOM)  Ecuador (EC)  Egypt (ET)  El Salvador (ES)  Eritrea (ER)  Estonia (EST)  eSwatini (SD)  Ethiopia (ETH)  Faeroe Islands (FO)  Fiji (FJI)  Finland (FIN)  France (F)  Gambia (WAG)  Germany (D)  Ghana (GH)  Greece (GR)  Guatemala (GCA)  Guinea (RG)  Guinea-Bissau (GUB)  Honduras (HN)  Hong Kong (HK)  Hungary (H)  Iceland (IS)  India (IND)  Indonesia (RI)  Iran (IR)  Iraq (IRQ)  Ireland (IRL)  Israel (IL)  Italy (I)  Japan (J)  Jordan (HKJ)  Kazakhstan (KZ)  Kenya (EAK)  Korea, South (ROK)  Kuwait (KWT)  Kyrgyzstan (KS)  Laos (LAO)  Latvia (LV)  Lebanon (RL)  Lesotho (LS)  Liberia (LB)  Libya (LAR)  Lithuania (LT)  Luxembourg (L)  Macedonia (MK)  Madagascar (RM)  Malawi (MW)  Malaysia (MAL)  Mali (RMM)  Malta (M)  Mauritania (RIM)  Mauritius (MS)  Mexico (MEX)  Morocco (MA)  Mozambique (MOC)  Myanmar (MYA)  Namibia (NAM)  Nepal (NEP)  Netherlands (NL)  New Zealand (NZ)  Nicaragua (NIC)  Niger (RN)  Nigeria (NG)  Norway (N)  Oman (OM)  Pakistan (PK)  Panama (PA)  Paraguay (PY)  Peru (PE)  Philippines (RP)  Poland (PL)  Portugal (P)  Puerto Rico (PR)  Qatar (Q)  Romania (RO)  Russia (RUS)  Rwanda (RWA)  Saudi Arabia (SA)  Senegal (SN)  Seychelles (SY)  Sierra Leone (WAL)  Singapore (SGP)  Slovakia (SK)  Slovenia (SLO)  Somalia (SO)  South Africa (ZA)  Spain (E)  Sri Lanka (CL)  Sudan (SUD)  Sudan. South (SSD)  Sweden (S)  Switzerland (CH)  Taiwan (RC)  Tanzania (EAT)  Thailand (T)  Togo (TG)  Trinidad and Tobago (TT)  Tunisia (TN)  Turkey (TR)  Uganda (EAU)  Ukraine (UA)  United Arab Emirates (UAE)  United Kingdom (GB)  United States of America (USA)  Uruguay (ROU)  Uzbekistan (UZ)  Venezuela (YV)  Viet Nam (VN)  Zambia (Z)  Zimbabwe (ZW)     
 » …Degree  Non-degree KMedu  Training Providers: Certificates  Training Providers: Certifications  Universities: Bachelor degrees  Universities: Certifications  Universities: Diplomas & Certificates  Universities: Doctorate degrees  Universities: Master degrees     
 » …Delivery Format  Blended Learning KMedu  Face-to-face KMedu  Online KMedu  PC KMedu     
 » …Duration  1-… years  1-11 hours  1-11 months  1-3 weeks  1-6 days     
 » …Event Type  KM Conferences  KM Training Events  KMedu Award Ceremonies  KMedu Orientation Sessions  Online KM Events  University KMedu Events     
 » …Language  Arabic language  Bulgarian language  Chinese language  Croatian language  Danish language  Dutch language  English language  Filipino language  Finnish language  French language  German language  Hebrew language  Hungarian language  Indonesian language  Italian language  Japanese language  Korean language  Norwegian language  Persian language  Polish language  Portuguese language  Romanian language  Russian language  Slovak language  Spanish language  Swedish language  Thai language  Turkish language  Vietnamese language     
 » …Price Range (USD)  0 USD / 4Free  1-99 USD  100-999 USD  1000-9999 USD  more than 10000 USD  more than 25000 USD     
 » …Provider Type  Offers from Communities  Offers from Conference Providers  Offers from Job Providers  Offers from Training Providers  Offers from Universities/Colleges     
 » …Study Options  Full-Time  Part-Time     

 Search     
  Search     

  Close search     

 Skip to content      
   
 The Knowledge Management Education Hub  

 Providers | World Map (Overview) 
  African Providers 
  Asian Providers 
  European Providers 
  Latin American Providers 
  Northern American Providers 
  Oceanian Providers 
  eLearning Providers 
  Conferences | World Map (Overview) 
  African Conferences 
  Asian Conferences 
  European Conferences 
  Latin American Conferences 
  Northern American Conferences 
  Oceanian Conferences 
  Online Conferences 
  Past Conferences 
  More… | Events 
  Jobs 
  Resources 
  Latest 
  About | The Hub 
  Community 
  Partner 
  Contact & Legal 
  Subscribe | Updates & News 
  GET LISTED! 
  » MY HUB « 

 Providers | World Map (Overview) 
  African Providers 
  Asian Providers 
  European Providers 
  Latin American Providers 
  Northern American Providers 
  Oceanian Providers 
  eLearning Providers 
  Conferences | World Map (Overview) 
  African Conferences 
  Asian Conferences 
  European Conferences 
  Latin American Conferences 
  Northern American Conferences 
  Oceanian Conferences 
  Online Conferences 
  Past Conferences 
  More… | Events 
  Jobs 
  Resources 
  Latest 
  About | The Hub 
  Community 
  Partner 
  Contact & Legal 
  Subscribe | Updates & News 
  GET LISTED! 
  » MY HUB « 
  Multiple Category Search!  
 Narrow down your search results by selecting more than one category (e.g. a specific type of "Degree" in a specific "Country")  
 Select KMedu opportunities by...        » …Availability  In-house KMedu  Public KMedu    » …Country  Afghanistan (AFG)  Algeria (DZ)  Angola (ANG)  Argentina (RA)  Armenia (AM)  Australia (AUS)  Austria (A)  Bahrain (BRN)  Bangladesh (BD)  Belarus (BY)  Belgium (B)  Belize (BZ)  Benin (DY)  Bolivia (BOL)  Bosnia and Herzegovina (BIH)  Botswana (RB)  Brazil (BR)  Brunei (BRU)  Bulgaria (BG)  Burkina Faso (BF)  Burundi (RU)  Cambodia (K)  Cameroon (CAM)  Canada (CDN)  Cape Verde (CV)  Chile (RCH)  China (CN)  Colombia (CO)  Congo. Democratic Republic (CGO)  Congo. Republic (RCB)  Costa Rica (CR)  Côte d’Ivoire (CI)  Croatia (HR)  Cuba (C)  Cyprus (CY)  Czech Republic (CZ)  Denmark (DK)  Djibouti (DJI)  Dominican Republic (DOM)  Ecuador (EC)  Egypt (ET)  El Salvador (ES)  Eritrea (ER)  Estonia (EST)  eSwatini (SD)  Ethiopia (ETH)  Faeroe Islands (FO)  Fiji (FJI)  Finland (FIN)  France (F)  Gambia (WAG)  Germany (D)  Ghana (GH)  Greece (GR)  Guatemala (GCA)  Guinea (RG)  Guinea-Bissau (GUB)  Honduras (HN)  Hong Kong (HK)  Hungary (H)  Iceland (IS)  India (IND)  Indonesia (RI)  Iran (IR)  Iraq (IRQ)  Ireland (IRL)  Israel (IL)  Italy (I)  Japan (J)  Jordan (HKJ)  Kazakhstan (KZ)  Kenya (EAK)  Korea, South (ROK)  Kuwait (KWT)  Kyrgyzstan (KS)  Laos (LAO)  Latvia (LV)  Lebanon (RL)  Lesotho (LS)  Liberia (LB)  Libya (LAR)  Lithuania (LT)  Luxembourg (L)  Macedonia (MK)  Madagascar (RM)  Malawi (MW)  Malaysia (MAL)  Mali (RMM)  Malta (M)  Mauritania (RIM)  Mauritius (MS)  Mexico (MEX)  Morocco (MA)  Mozambique (MOC)  Myanmar (MYA)  Namibia (NAM)  Nepal (NEP)  Netherlands (NL)  New Zealand (NZ)  Nicaragua (NIC)  Niger (RN)  Nigeria (NG)  Norway (N)  Oman (OM)  Pakistan (PK)  Panama (PA)  Paraguay (PY)  Peru (PE)  Philippines (RP)  Poland (PL)  Portugal (P)  Puerto Rico (PR)  Qatar (Q)  Romania (RO)  Russia (RUS)  Rwanda (RWA)  Saudi Arabia (SA)  Senegal (SN)  Seychelles (SY)  Sierra Leone (WAL)  Singapore (SGP)  Slovakia (SK)  Slovenia (SLO)  Somalia (SO)  South Africa (ZA)  Spain (E)  Sri Lanka (CL)  Sudan (SUD)  Sudan. South (SSD)  Sweden (S)  Switzerland (CH)  Taiwan (RC)  Tanzania (EAT)  Thailand (T)  Togo (TG)  Trinidad and Tobago (TT)  Tunisia (TN)  Turkey (TR)  Uganda (EAU)  Ukraine (UA)  United Arab Emirates (UAE)  United Kingdom (GB)  United States of America (USA)  Uruguay (ROU)  Uzbekistan (UZ)  Venezuela (YV)  Viet Nam (VN)  Zambia (Z)  Zimbabwe (ZW)    » …Degree  Non-degree KMedu  Training Providers: Certificates  Training Providers: Certifications  Universities: Bachelor degrees  Universities: Certifications  Universities: Diplomas & Certificates  Universities: Doctorate degrees  Universities: Master degrees    » …Delivery Format  Blended Learning KMedu  Face-to-face KMedu  Online KMedu  PC KMedu    » …Duration  1-… years  1-11 hours  1-11 months  1-3 weeks  1-6 days    » …Event Type  KM Conferences  KM Training Events  KMedu Award Ceremonies  KMedu Orientation Sessions  Online KM Events  University KMedu Events    » …Language  Arabic language  Bulgarian language  Chinese language  Croatian language  Danish language  Dutch language  English language  Filipino language  Finnish language  French language  German language  Hebrew language  Hungarian language  Indonesian language  Italian language  Japanese language  Korean language  Norwegian language  Persian language  Polish language  Portuguese language  Romanian language  Russian language  Slovak language  Spanish language  Swedish language  Thai language  Turkish language  Vietnamese language    » …Price Range (USD)  0 USD / 4Free  1-99 USD  100-999 USD  1000-9999 USD  more than 10000 USD  more than 25000 USD    » …Provider Type  Offers from Communities  Offers from Conference Providers  Offers from Job Providers  Offers from Training Providers  Offers from Universities/Colleges    » …Study Options  Full-Time  Part-Time | Search     Search 

 ACM International Conference on Supporting Group Work (GROUP)*  
 Jan 12, 2025 - Jan 15, 2025, Hilton Head Island, SC, USA   
 Conference Page  Read On!   Favorite     

 KMers, Contribute!!!   
   Call for Participation: Peace!   
 Posted: February 28, 2022   
 “Peace does not mean an absence of conflicts; differences will always be there. Peace means solving these differences through peaceful means; through dialogue, education, knowledge; and through humane ways.” – Dalai Lama XIV  
   
 6 comments    

 ACM International Conference on Supporting Group Work (GROUP)*  
 Jan 12, 2025 - Jan 15, 2025  Hilton Head Island, SC, USA  Est. 1997 (1991, 1988, 1982)  Leave a comment      

 This is no official page!   
  
  No warranty for correctness & completeness!   
  This site will be updated with no ads and linked to its KMedu opportunities  
  as soon as the provider subscribes  to this service!  
  (sample pages: training  , university  , community  , conference  )  
 Monthly Featured   

 The biennial ACM International Conference on Supporting Group Work (GROUP)  , supported by the Association for Computing Machinery Special Interest Group on Human-Computer Interaction (ACM SIGHCI), formerly the ACM SIGGROUP Conference on Supporting Group Work (GROUP), the Conference on Organizational Computing Systems (COOCS), and the ACM SIGOIS (and IEEE CS TC-OA) Conference on Office Information Systems (COCS), is a premier venue for research on Computer Supported Cooperative Work, Human Computer Interaction, Computer Supported Collaborative Learning and Socio-Technical Studies. A strong emphasis of GROUP conferences is to foster a discourse on collaborative technology that bridges the fields of Computer Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) and Information Systems (IS), Technology Enhanced Learning (TEL), and “Learning at the workplace” (CSCL@Work). Relevant issues include the design, implementation, deployment, evaluation, and impact of these systems as well as examinations of relevant research methodologies. The conference integrates work in social science, computer science, engineering, design, values, and other diverse topics related to group work, broadly conceptualized.  
 Conference History:  
 GROUP’25, January 12-15, 2025, Hilton Head Island, SC, USA  
 Conference program TBD  
 Workshops:  
  Beyond video-conferencing: telepresence technologies for extending expertise reach and specialised skill sharing  
  Time, Power, and the Future of Work  
 Keynotes:  
  AI, Responsibility, and Social Impact: Collaboration and Cooperation Mechanisms in Conversational Systems  
  
 GROUP’23, January 8-11, 2023, Hilton Head Island, SC, USA  
 Note: The regular conference venue (Sanibel Island, FL, USA) for 2023 changed due to the hurricane damage. The conference was originally scheduled for January 23-26, 2022.   
  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Jan 5):  
  Doctoral Colloquium  
 Sessions:  
  Chatbots, Virtual Agents, Collaboration; Safety & Trust; Health, Workplace; Online Communities; Policy and Online Communities; Methods & Online Communities; Human/AI Interaction, Robotics, Workplace; Societal; Education; Demos, Posters and Lightning Talks  
 Keynotes:  
  No Keynotes!?  
  
 GROUP’20, January 6-8, 2020, Sanibel Island, FL, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Jan 5):  
  GROUP4Good: Exploring Positive Impacts of GROUP Research; Mapping Out Human-Centered Data Science: Methods, Approaches, and Best Practices; Doctoral Colloquium  
 Sessions:  
  Privacy and Information Sharing Sensitivity; Taking Part in Society; Non-use of Digital Technologies; Collaboration Technologies; Digital Technology Challenges for Women; Design Fictions; Social Sharing Behavior and Digital Matching; Editing System and Visualization; Games and Social Communities; Large Datasets and Crowd Sourcing; Poster and Working Papers Session  
 Keynotes:  
  Video Killed the Radio Star  
  
 GROUP’18, January 7-10, 2018, Sanibel Island, FL, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Jan 7):  
  Work in the Age of Intelligent Machines; Refugees & Technology: Determining the Role of HCI Research; Technology on the Trail; Doctoral Colloquium  
 Sessions:  
  Crowdsourcing and Funding; Metadata, Sensemaking and Depersonalization; Peer Production and Co-Creation; Social Media and Wellbeing; Knowledge Sharing in (Online) Communities; Design Fictions; Cyber Infrastructures and the Digitalization of Work; Contemporary and Future Work Settings; Digital Media & Policy Engagement; Journal of Computer Supported Cooperative Work (JCSCW) Papers; Poster (Madness) and Working Papers Session  
 Keynotes:  
  Jimmy Wales – founder of Wikipedia, co-founder of Wikia, and founder of WikiTribune  
  
 GROUP’16, November 13-16, 2016, Sanibel Island, FL, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops:  
  Designing and Building a Space for Innovative Scholarly Practices to Enhance Open Online Community Scholarship (CANCELLED); Engaging with Users and Stakeholders: The Emotional and the Personal; Exploring Ethics and Obligations for Studying Digital Communities; Doctoral Colloquium  
 Sessions:  
  Describing Interactions; Editing Systems; Socio-Technical Design; Social Networks in Industry; Local Communities; Volunteering; Adoption, Appropriation, Domestication; Mobile Computing Practices; Supporting Real-Time Interaction; Work Settings; Design Fictions; Social Media; Posters and Demo;  
 Keynotes:  
  Systems Work (Keynote Symposium)  
  
 GROUP’14, November 9-12, 2014, Sanibel Island, FL, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops:  
  Human-Robot Interaction in Groups: Theory, Method, and Design for Robots in Groups; Potentials of the “Unexpected”: Technology Appropriation Practices and Communication Needs; The Morphing Organization: Rethinking Groupwork Systems in the Era of Crowdwork; Quality Hackathon: Evaluating the Products of Online Co-Production Systems; Collaboration and Coordination in the Context of Informal Care (CCCiC): Concepts, Methods, and Technologies; Doctoral Colloquium  
 Sessions:  
  Global Collaboration; Accounting for the Individual in Community; Impression and Privacy Management in SNS; Collaborative Systems; Activist and Makers; Social Business; Collaborating around the home; Collaborative Work; Synchronous Systems; Poster Session  
  
 GROUP’12, October 28-31, 2012, Sanibel Island, FL, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops:  
  CSCL@Work revisited – beyond CSCL and CSCW; Doctoral Colloquium  
 Sessions:  
  Awareness & Avatars – Visualizing Speech, Workflow & Identity; Understanding Collaboration in Organizations; Citizen Science & Healthcare – Real World Communities; Collaborative Systems & Group Editing; *Best of Group* Backchannels, Cross-Cultural Chat, File Sync & Real-Time Dating; Behaviour Patterns in Online Communities; Understanding Information in Social Media; Methods for Understanding & Supporting Online Communities; Poster Session  
 Panels:  
  CSCL@Work  
 Keynotes:  
  Where do we come from? What are we? Where are we going?  
  
 GROUP’10, November 7-10, 2010, Sanibel Island, FL, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops:  
  Collective Intelligence in Organizations (CIorg): Tools and Studies; Collaborative Information Seeking: Toward New Theories and Applications; Computer Supported Collaborative Learning at Work: CSCL at Work; Connecting Families: New Technologies, Family Communication, and the Impact on Domestic Space; Doctoral Colloquium  
 Sessions:  
  Create, Donate, Collaborate; Designing for Collaboration; Home and Care; Individuals and Groups; Social Networks and Social Media; Beyond the Surface; Wikis and Tagging; Software Code and Gaming; Social Interaction; Intention and Awareness; Practice, Patterns, and Models; Posters Session  
 Panels:  
  Perspectives on Group and Townhall Meeting; Grand Challenges and New Frontiers  
  
 GROUP’09, May 10-13, 2009, Sanibel Island, FL, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops (May 10):  
  pproaching “Amateur”; Collaborative Information Behavior: Developing new research directions; From CSCW to new workstations: The Itsme project; Doctoral Colloquium  
 Sessions:  
  Cooperative Knowledge Management; Tagging; Collaborative tools and technologies; Social software; Computer mediated communication; Health informatics; Community ;Emp-Qual Experience; Collaborative management; Group collaboration and interaction; Poster session  
 Keynotes:  
  The experiment that is myExperiment  
  
 GROUP’07, November 4-7, 2007, Sanibel Island, FL, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Nov 4):  
  Research Directions for Social Computing; Collaboration in Online Games; Ninth International Workshop on Collaborative Editing Systems; Visual communication environments and distributed intense collaboration (CANCELLED)  
 Sessions:  
  Theories of Cooperative Work; Awareness and Privacy; Analysis of Complex Work Settings; Awareness and Co-Presence; Knowledge Sharing in Practise; Formation of Groups, Teams and Communities; Dealing with Dependencies; Sharing Expertise; Design Methods; Computer Supported Learning; Infrastructuring; Social Tagging; Dealing with Disruptions; Wikis and Information Seeking; Poster (Madness) Session  
 Panels:  
  Social Computing and Online Identity  
 Keynotes:  
  Objects and Things between Design and Experience  
  
 GROUP’05, November 6-9, 2005, Sanibel Island, FL, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Nov 6):  
  7th International Workshop on Collaborative Editing Systems; Sustaining Community: The role and design of incentive mechanisms in online systems  
 Sessions:  
  Net communities; Collocation and virtual collocation; Finding Expertise and Information; IM and Usability; Decision-making and communication; Collaborative Learning; Work rhythms and coordinative artifacts; Open source and distributed software development; Supporting communities; Supporting activities; Consistency maintenance; Transforming health care; Poster session  
 Keynotes:  
  Gurus, Hired Guns and Warm Bodies; Intelligent Design or Felicitous Evolution?: Sustaining Order and Activity in Online Communities  
  
 GROUP’03, November 9-12, 2003, Sanibel Island, Florida, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Nov 9):  
  Requirements for e-Science Collaboration (CANCELLED); Communities in Context  
 Sessions:  
  Communities; Chat; Groupware for Special Groups; Mobility; System Technology; Making Sense; Models; Knowledge Management; Tools and Technology; Field Studies; Social Browsing; Design Input Studies  
 Keynotes:  
  John L. King, Dean of the School of Information, University of Michigan  
  
 GROUP’01, September 30 – October 3, 2001, Boulder, Colorado, USA  
 Conference Theme: Coordination – Cooperation – Collaboration  
 Workshops:  
  Collaborative Editing  
 Sessions:  
  Mobile Collaboration; Collaborative Learning; Workflow Systems; Virtual Environments; Coordination Challenges; Use and Effectiveness; Architecture and Development; Social and Relational Effects; Tools and Infrastructure; Collaborative Workspaces; Groupware/Group Characteristics; Work Communities; Tools for Different Tasks; Dimensions of Ubiquity  
 Panels:  
  Open Software  
 Keynotes:  
  Stanley Deetz, Professor of Communication, University of Colorado  
  
 GROUP’99, November 14-17, 1999, Phoenix, AZ, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Nov 14):  
  Designing from the interaction out: Using intercultural communication as a framework to design interactions in collaborative virtual communities; Consistency Maintenance and Group Undo in Real-Time Group Editors; Groupware related Task Design  
 Pre-conference Tutorials (Nov 14):  
  Working through Collaboration: A Framework for Designing Technology Support  
 Sessions:  
  Knowledge Support; Informed Design; User Perspectives; Pragmatic Issues; Distributed/Shared Spaces; Shared Learning; Methods; Coordination and Negotiation; Architectures; Awareness and Orientation; Virtual Spaces/Teams; Case Studies; Algorithms and Techniques; Evaluation and Impact; Workshop Presentations  
 Panels:  
  CSCW and the Open Source/Free Software Issue  
 Keynotes:  
  Gordon Bell, Microsoft Research Silicon Valley  
  
 GROUP’97, November 16-19, 1997, Phoenix, AZ, USA  
 Pre-conference Workshops (Nov 16):  
  Tailorable Groupware: Issues, Methods, and Architectures  
 Pre-conference Tutorials (Nov 16):  
  Developing Collaborative Applications on the Web; Real-World Groupware Frameworks: Digital LinkWorks and OpenText LiveLink; Using Social Network Analysis to Study Computer Networks; Methods, tools and technologies for Coordination and Workflow Management  
 Sessions:  
  Supporting Intergroup Working; Research Tools and Methods; Workflow Applications; Experiences with Collaborative Environments; Workflow Architectures; Collaborative Spaces; Group Awareness; Integrative Environments; Virtual Environments; Case Studies; Algorithms and Formalizations; Video Support; Workflows “in the Wild”; Conferencing Applications; Agent Technology; Enhancing Communication  
 Panels:  
  The Role of Technology in Knowledge Management; Issues in Technology Supported Learning  
 Keynotes:  
  —  
  
 COOCS 1995, August 13-16, 1995, Milpitas, CA, USA  
 Conference program n.a.  
 …  
  Favorite    
  
 KM Conferences  , United States of America (USA)   Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)  , Association for Computing Machinery Special Interest Group on Human-Computer Interaction (ACM SIGHCI)  , collaboration  , collaborative learning  , collaborative technology  , computer-supported collabirative learning  , computer-supported cooperative work  , cooperation  , human-computer interaction  , information system  , socio-technical studies  , technology enhanced learning  , workplace learning   Conferences | Africa 
  Asia 
  Europe 
  L-America 
  N-America 
  Oceania 
  Online 

 Home  » Opportunities  » Events     

 Leave a Reply Cancel reply    
 Your email address will not be published.  Required fields are marked *    
 Comment *      
 Name *     
 Email *     
 Website    
  By using this form and subscribing to comments you agree with the storage and handling of your data by the KMedu Hub. (see Data Privacy Policy  > 'User posts, comments, and ratings' & 'Follow-up comments') *    

 Popular 
  Recent 
  International Conference on Knowledge, Culture and Change in Organisations*  February 5, 2016  July 1, 2024 
  Call for Participation: Peace!  February 28, 2022  April 14, 2024 
  International Conference on Organizational Learning, Knowledge and Capabilities (OLKC)**  February 5, 2016  November 4, 2024 
  Strategic Management Society Conference (SMS Conference)*  February 17, 2016  October 16, 2024 
  Skills for Knowledge Managers?  May 18, 2015  December 20, 2019 
    
 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Knowledge Processing (AIKP)*  November 26, 2024  November 26, 2024 
  University Knowledge Management Education in South Africa  November 19, 2024 
  Wissenstransfer  November 13, 2024  November 13, 2024 
  Knowledge management librarians @ International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM)  November 12, 2024 
  Knowledge & Information Management, Research & Analysis (KIMRA)*  November 6, 2024 

 Community  

 Multimedia  
 YouTube | (Video) 
  vimeo | (Video) 

 Sponsors & Coops  
 jaegerWM - KM & Social Media consulting 
  Become a Sponsor/Cooperation Partner » 

 Legend:  * Provider does no longer offer any KMedu / This is a recurring conference; ** This recurring conference / KMedu offer is discontinued   
   
 Multiple Category Search!  
 Narrow down your search results by selecting more than one category (e.g. a specific type of "Degree" in a specific "Country")  
 Select KMedu opportunities by...   
       » …Availability  In-house KMedu  Public KMedu     
 » …Country  Afghanistan (AFG)  Algeria (DZ)  Angola (ANG)  Argentina (RA)  Armenia (AM)  Australia (AUS)  Austria (A)  Bahrain (BRN)  Bangladesh (BD)  Belarus (BY)  Belgium (B)  Belize (BZ)  Benin (DY)  Bolivia (BOL)  Bosnia and Herzegovina (BIH)  Botswana (RB)  Brazil (BR)  Brunei (BRU)  Bulgaria (BG)  Burkina Faso (BF)  Burundi (RU)  Cambodia (K)  Cameroon (CAM)  Canada (CDN)  Cape Verde (CV)  Chile (RCH)  China (CN)  Colombia (CO)  Congo. Democratic Republic (CGO)  Congo. Republic (RCB)  Costa Rica (CR)  Côte d’Ivoire (CI)  Croatia (HR)  Cuba (C)  Cyprus (CY)  Czech Republic (CZ)  Denmark (DK)  Djibouti (DJI)  Dominican Republic (DOM)  Ecuador (EC)  Egypt (ET)  El Salvador (ES)  Eritrea (ER)  Estonia (EST)  eSwatini (SD)  Ethiopia (ETH)  Faeroe Islands (FO)  Fiji (FJI)  Finland (FIN)  France (F)  Gambia (WAG)  Germany (D)  Ghana (GH)  Greece (GR)  Guatemala (GCA)  Guinea (RG)  Guinea-Bissau (GUB)  Honduras (HN)  Hong Kong (HK)  Hungary (H)  Iceland (IS)  India (IND)  Indonesia (RI)  Iran (IR)  Iraq (IRQ)  Ireland (IRL)  Israel (IL)  Italy (I)  Japan (J)  Jordan (HKJ)  Kazakhstan (KZ)  Kenya (EAK)  Korea, South (ROK)  Kuwait (KWT)  Kyrgyzstan (KS)  Laos (LAO)  Latvia (LV)  Lebanon (RL)  Lesotho (LS)  Liberia (LB)  Libya (LAR)  Lithuania (LT)  Luxembourg (L)  Macedonia (MK)  Madagascar (RM)  Malawi (MW)  Malaysia (MAL)  Mali (RMM)  Malta (M)  Mauritania (RIM)  Mauritius (MS)  Mexico (MEX)  Morocco (MA)  Mozambique (MOC)  Myanmar (MYA)  Namibia (NAM)  Nepal (NEP)  Netherlands (NL)  New Zealand (NZ)  Nicaragua (NIC)  Niger (RN)  Nigeria (NG)  Norway (N)  Oman (OM)  Pakistan (PK)  Panama (PA)  Paraguay (PY)  Peru (PE)  Philippines (RP)  Poland (PL)  Portugal (P)  Puerto Rico (PR)  Qatar (Q)  Romania (RO)  Russia (RUS)  Rwanda (RWA)  Saudi Arabia (SA)  Senegal (SN)  Seychelles (SY)  Sierra Leone (WAL)  Singapore (SGP)  Slovakia (SK)  Slovenia (SLO)  Somalia (SO)  South Africa (ZA)  Spain (E)  Sri Lanka (CL)  Sudan (SUD)  Sudan. South (SSD)  Sweden (S)  Switzerland (CH)  Taiwan (RC)  Tanzania (EAT)  Thailand (T)  Togo (TG)  Trinidad and Tobago (TT)  Tunisia (TN)  Turkey (TR)  Uganda (EAU)  Ukraine (UA)  United Arab Emirates (UAE)  United Kingdom (GB)  United States of America (USA)  Uruguay (ROU)  Uzbekistan (UZ)  Venezuela (YV)  Viet Nam (VN)  Zambia (Z)  Zimbabwe (ZW)     
 » …Degree  Non-degree KMedu  Training Providers: Certificates  Training Providers: Certifications  Universities: Bachelor degrees  Universities: Certifications  Universities: Diplomas & Certificates  Universities: Doctorate degrees  Universities: Master degrees     
 » …Delivery Format  Blended Learning KMedu  Face-to-face KMedu  Online KMedu  PC KMedu     
 » …Duration  1-… years  1-11 hours  1-11 months  1-3 weeks  1-6 days     
 » …Event Type  KM Conferences  KM Training Events  KMedu Award Ceremonies  KMedu Orientation Sessions  Online KM Events  University KMedu Events     
 » …Language  Arabic language  Bulgarian language  Chinese language  Croatian language  Danish language  Dutch language  English language  Filipino language  Finnish language  French language  German language  Hebrew language  Hungarian language  Indonesian language  Italian language  Japanese language  Korean language  Norwegian language  Persian language  Polish language  Portuguese language  Romanian language  Russian language  Slovak language  Spanish language  Swedish language  Thai language  Turkish language  Vietnamese language     
 » …Price Range (USD)  0 USD / 4Free  1-99 USD  100-999 USD  1000-9999 USD  more than 10000 USD  more than 25000 USD     
 » …Provider Type  Offers from Communities  Offers from Conference Providers  Offers from Job Providers  Offers from Training Providers  Offers from Universities/Colleges     
 » …Study Options  Full-Time  Part-Time     

 Search     
  Search     

 KMedu Hub's Top 10  
 Teaching Knowledge Management in postgraduate LIS education at Edith Cowan University 
  Francisco (Spain) about the Knowledge Management MSc at Cranfield University 
  Knowledge Management Education Forum (KMEF)* 
  SIKM Leaders Community 
  Gurteen Knowledge 
  Information and knowledge management research of post-graduates in South African LIS schools 
  Knowledge Management Modules: An Analysis of Coursework 
  Knowledge Management Education Forum (KMEF) – SMR International Special Report 
  London Knowledge & Innovation Network (LKIN)* 
  Panel: Schools which teach knowledge management 
    
  KMedu Hub's Modified Content  
 Knowledge Management Jobs in Kenya 
  Regional Institute of Information and Knowledge Management (RIIKM) 
  Technical University of Kenya (TU-K) 
  International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management (IKM)* 
  International Conference on Knowledge, Information and Creativity Support Systems (KICSS)* 
  Club Gestion des Connaissances (Club GC) 
  ROM Knowledgeware 
  Australian Society for Knowledge Management (AuSKM) 
  Australian Society for Knowledge Management Conference (AuSKM Conference)* 
  Knowledge Management & Innovation for Legal Conference (KM&I for Legal Conference) 

 Site Notice  | Privacy  | Disclaimer     

  Scroll to top   © jaegerWM  - Knowledge Management & Social Media   
 Updates 
  Advertise 
  MyHub 
  About

40. Conference SACMAT_3:
Article  Proceedings of ACM Symposium on Access Control Models and Technologies, SACMAT: Foreword  
 January 2010 

 Authors:   
      
 James B. D. Joshi    
 University of Pittsburgh 

 Barbara Carminati    
 Università degli Studi dell'Insubria 

   Request full-text PDF   To read the full-text of this research, you can request a copy directly from the authors.  

   Request full-text     
   Download citation     
   Copy link  Link copied      
         
      Request full-text   
      Download citation   
     Copy link  Link copied    

 To read the full-text of this research, you can request a copy directly from the authors.   

    Discover the world's research   
 25+ million members 
  160+ million publication pages 
  2.3+ billion citations 
  Join for free     

 No full-text available  

 To read the full-text of this research,  
  you can request a copy directly from the authors.  
   
   Request full-text PDF     

 Citations (0)  

  References (0)  

 ResearchGate has not been able to resolve any citations for this publication.   

 ResearchGate has not been able to resolve any references for this publication.   

 Recommended publications  
   
 Discover more    

 Article    
   
 Comments of New Media Rights in the Matter of Exemption to Prohibition on Circumvention of Copyright...   
 January 2015  · SSRN Electronic Journal    
 Arthur Neill 
  Patrick McManus 
  Teri Karobonik 
  Read more    

 Article    
   
 Passport to payment authentication   
 June 2011  · Biometric Technology Today    
 John Elliott 
  Population-scale implementations of biometric authentication have so far remained elusive. Although some exciting developments are underway in access control and e-passports, is this technology ready to support payments?   
 Read more    

 Article    
   
 A Research on E-Learning Platform Muti-Tenancy Technology Based on SaaS   
 January 2014  · Journal of Information Technology and Application in Education    
 Min Wang 
  Xiaoxiao Zhu 
  Xiao Jun 
  Through the study on the design of muti-tenancy system and the muti-tenancy key technologies, such as muti-tenancy interface display technology, multi-function cutting technology, access control technology,data isolation and expansion technology, the paper proposes the integral technique-solving schema for muti-tenancy e-learning platform based on SaaS, and it implements multiple tenants sharing ... [Show full abstract]  learning platform services at the same time and provides us a new model for the use of learning platform.    
 Read more    

 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
   
 Breakthrough in access control technology   
 November 2017    
 Aysha Sunaina 
  Ramaprasad Poojary 
  View full-text    

 Article    
   
 Design and implementation of role-based CIMS security model under B/S environment   
 January 2008    
 X.-B. Liu 
  P.-A. Du 
  Role-based access control (RBAC) is a major technology in computer integrated manufacturing systems (CIMS)'s security management In this paper, a double-layer RBAC model under B/S environment is presented. In this model, RBAC is applied to both database layer and web container layer. Furthermore, A CIMS security model is established with the help of role-based custom-built menu technology. This ... [Show full abstract]  security model is applied to all application layers to protect the system resource located at different application layers. Using this security model and the technology of Oracle9i/BES6.5/j2ee, a CIMS's security management system under B/S environment is realized.    
 Read more    

 Conference Paper    
 Full-text available    
   
 A Context-Sensitive Access Control Model and Prototype Implementation.   
 January 2000  · IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology    
 Damian G. Cholewka 
  Reinhardt A Botha 
  Jan H. P. Eloff 
  Role-based access control associates roles with privileges and users with roles. Changes to these associations are infrequent and explicit. This may not reflect business requirements. Access to an object should not only be based on the identity of the object and the user, but also on the actual task that must be performed, i.e. the context of the work to be done. Context-sensitive access control ... [Show full abstract]  considers the actual task when deciding whether an access should be granted or not. Workflow technology provides an appropriate environment for establishing the context of work. This paper discusses the implementation of a context-sensitive access control mechanism within a workflow environment. Although the prototype represents scaled-down workflow functionality, it illustrates the concept of context-sensitive access control.    
 View full-text    

 Article    
 Full-text available    
   
 Application and Research of Content Management System based on Trusted Computing   
 February 2014    
 X.-Q. Ma 
  Yi Huang 
  Bo Lv 
  Y.-Y. Liu 
  Trusted computing is a hot topic of information security technology research nowadays. It was developed based on computed system. The paper analyzed the present situation about trusted computing. In order to satisfy the requirements of little enterprise and government, we designed and implemented the content management system (CMS) based on trusted computing. It improves the security of the ... [Show full abstract]  enterprise information. Its implementation takes a good reference for improving the application of CMS.    
 View full-text    

 Article    
   
 Attribute-Based Access Control of Collaborative Design Systems   
 June 2011  · Advanced Materials Research    
 Tong Rang Fan 
  Hong Yong Guo 
  Yan Jing Li 
  The current research in access control is analyzed, and the features of access control in collaborative design systems are discussed. According to the new requirements of the access control technology in collaborative design systems, the attribute-based access control (ABAC) model is improved to a new one: supporting role and task ABAC model. The concept of role entity and task entity is ... [Show full abstract]  introduced into the ABAC model. The formal definition and object model of the improved model are given, and the features of the newly-introduced model elements are discussed.    
 Read more    

 Article    
   
 A changing of the card in access control technologies   
 January 1996    
 R. Okuda 
  Read more    

 Conference Paper    
   
 Research of Access Control System Based on Attribute Encryption Technology that Suitable for Dispatc...   
 April 2019    
 Ye Liang 
  Jing Wang 
  Liang Zhang 
  [...] 
  Haochun Jin 
  Read more    

 Article    
   
 Trustworthiness technologies of DDSS   
 November 2006  · Wuhan University Journal of Natural Sciences    
 Tian Junfeng 
  Xiao Bing 
  Wang Zixian 
  Zhang Yuzhu 
  The most significant strategic development in information technology over the past years has been “trusted computing” and trusted computers have been produced. In this paper trusted mechanisms adopted by PC is imported into distributed system such as chain of trust, trusted root and so on. Based on distributed database server system (DDSS), a novel model of trusted distributed database server ... [Show full abstract]  system (TDDSS) is presented ultimately. In TDDSS role-based access control, two-level of logs and other technologies are adopted to ensure the trustworthiness of the system.    
 Read more    

 Article    
   
 Identity Authentication Based on Campus Network Design   
 April 2013  · Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering    
 Qian Xu 
  In order to ensure the safety of the campus network with RAIM technology as the core, we designed a network for the campus identity management system, and the system's detailed description of the key technologies through practical application shows that the system can better adapt unified authentication and access control, in order to achieve a more secure campus network system authentication.   
 Read more    

 Looking for the full-text?  
 You can request the full-text of this article directly from the authors on ResearchGate.  
 Request full-text     
   
 Already a member? Log in    

 ResearchGate iOS App    
   
 Get it from the App Store now.   

 Install     

 Keep up with your stats and more   

 Access scientific knowledge from anywhere   

 or   
   
 Discover by subject area     

 Recruit researchers 
  Join for free 
  Login      Email   Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login         Password  Forgot password?      Keep me logged in   Log in    or    Continue with Google                
 Welcome back! Please log in.        Email · Hint  Tip:  Most researchers use their institutional email address as their ResearchGate login          Password   Forgot password?       Keep me logged in    Log in    or    Continue with Google       No account? Sign up 

 Company   
 About us    
 News    
 Careers    

 Support   
 Help Center    

 Business solutions   
 Advertising    
 Recruiting    

 © 2008-2024 ResearchGate GmbH. All rights reserved.   
   
 Terms 
  Privacy 
  Copyright 
  Imprint 
  Consent preferences

41. Conference SAC_1:
SAC2025    Home 
  ORGANIZATION 
  TECHNICAL TRACKS 
  SUBMISSION | Regular Paper  SRC Submission  Author Kit   Tutorial Proposals 
  PROGRAM | SRC Program  Tutorials Program 
  HISTORY | SAC Stats  SAC History 

 S  TUDENT RESEARCH COMPETITION flag   
 SRC OVERVIEW  
 The Student Research Competition (SRC) program was added to the ACM SIGAPP Symposium on Applied Computing (SAC) in 2013. SAC 2025 SRC program provides graduate students the opportunity to meet and exchange ideas with researchers and practitioners in their areas of interest. Active students seeking feedback from the scientific community on their research ideas are invited to submit abstracts of their original unpublished and in-progress research work in areas of experimental computing and application development related to SAC 2025 Tracks. | This program is open for graduate students  currently enrolled in University or College and have active ACM and  SIGAPP student membership  . Abstracts must be authored by a single student  only. Faculty advisor(s) cannot be listed as co-authors on the submission or on the final poster presentation. No group projects are allowed. | Students are invited to submit research abstracts, of maximum 3 pages in ACM camera-ready format  , to the submission system. Abstracts must address original and unpublished research work related to a SAC track, with emphasis on the innovation behind the research idea. The submission should address the research problem being investigated, the proposed approach and research methodology, and sample preliminary results of the work. In addition, the abstract should reflect on the originality of the work, innovation of the approach, and applicability of the results to real-world problems | Submitting the same abstract to multiple SAC tracks is not allowed. The work must not be submitted to any another SRC program, journal or conference while it is under consideration for SAC 2025 SRC Program. | Student research abstracts must be submitted to their respective SAC tracks through the submission system. The abstracts are reviewed by reviewers who review paper submissions to that track. The Track Chairs (TCs) manage the review process. | Invited authors are eligible to apply for the SIGAPP's Student Travel Award Program (STAP) for funding to cover travel expenses such as Conference registration; Transportation expenses (air, rail, bus, taxi, car service, car rental, parking); Meals; Hotel rooms; Tips; Supplies for poster development; and Poster shipment, etc. | Participation requires conference registration at the student rate, using the registration type "SRC Student Author". | A judging panel will evaluate the poster displays and then the oral (PowerPoint) presentations during the second round of judging:  
  Round #1:  Judging all displayed posters to select the top five posters.  
  Round #2:  Judging the five presentations to select the top three winners for medals and cash prizes. | The top three winners will be notified by email after the conference. The cash prizes are paid directly by ACM after the conference (First place $500; Second place $300; and Third place $200). 
    
 Poster Preparation Guidelines (first round):  
 Authors of invited SRC submissions are required to print and bring their posters to the conference following these guidelines: | Poster materials should be displayed on a poster board (size: TBD) | including diagrams, graphs, data, pictures and text may be mounted. Thumbtacks and poster board will be provided for mounting materials. No audiovisual equipment is available. Poster authors may make preprints of their papers available to participants. 
  The poster content should be clearly divided into sections including introduction, problem definition, work summary, results, and conclusion. 
  The poster content (text and illustrations) should be readable from a distance of at least 5 feet. All illustrations should be properly titled. 
  A heading label including the title, author name(s), and the primary author(s) address should be included at the top of the poster board. 
    
 Power Point Preparation Guidelines (second round):  
 Total presentation time is 15 minutes. 
  Prepare Power Point slides for about 10 minutes presentation. 
  Allow Q/A session for 5 minutes. 
    
 SRC Program Committee:  
 Jiman Hong, Korea  
  Sebastiano Battiato, Italy  
  Christian Espostio, Italy  
  Juw Won Park, USA  
  Adam Przybyłek, Poland  
  Alessandro Ortis, Italy  
  Francesco Guarnera, Italy  
  Aleksander Jarzębowicz, Poland  
  Junyoung Heo, Korea  
  John Kim, USA 
    
 SRC Important Dates:  
 SRC Abstract Submission: September 20, 2024  October 13, 2024 (EST) (No Further Delay)  
  SRC Author Notification: October 30, 2024  November 22, 2024 (Tentative)  
  Camera-ready copies: November 29, 2024  December 13, 2024  
  Author registration: December 13, 2024  December 20, 2024  
  Posters Exhibit: Tuesday April 1, 2025  
  Oral Presentations: Thursday April 3, 2025 
    
 SRC Program Chair  
 For questions, please contact the SRC Program Chair: | Valentina Casola  
  University of Naples Federico II  
  Naples, Campania, Italy  
  casolav@unina.it 
    
 keyboard_arrow_up    
  Copyright © 2021-2025 SIGAPP  . All rights reserved.

42. Conference DocEng_1:
The ACM Symposium on Document Engineering    
 Start 
  Policies 
  Steering Committee 
  Symposia 
  DocEng 2025 

 Document engineering  is the computer science discipline that investigates systems for documents in any form and in all media. As with the relationship between software engineering and software, document engineering is concerned with principles, tools and processes that improve our ability to create, manage, and maintain documents.  
 The ACM Symposium on Document Engineering  is an annual meeting of researchers active in document engineering. Interested researchers are invited to submit papers and to attend the Symposium, which is held in the latter part of each year. DocEng is the leading international ACM Symposium for researchers, practitioners, developers, and users to explore cutting-edge ideas and to exchange techniques, tools, and experiences in the domain of document engineering. It is sponsored by ACM by means of the ACM SIGWEB Special Interest Group and in cooperation with ACM SIGDOC. All DocEng Proceedings are available through the ACM Digital Library  .  
      
 In cooperation with  

 Sister event  

 The ACM Symposium on Document Engineering    
 Web site contact: webmaster@doceng.org

43. Conference SAC_2:
SAC2025    Home 
  ORGANIZATION 
  TECHNICAL TRACKS 
  SUBMISSION | Regular Paper  SRC Submission  Author Kit   Tutorial Proposals 
  PROGRAM | SRC Program  Tutorials Program 
  HISTORY | SAC Stats  SAC History 

 S  UBMISSION - REGULAR PAPER file_upload   
 notification_important  Each paper will be double-blindly reviewed by at least three reviewers; this is an ACM requirement as SAC is a “Refereed Conference”. Please adhere to this requirement when you prepare for your paper. Double-blindly means that the author of a paper does not know the reviewers of his/her paper and reviewers do not know the authors of the papers they reviewed.  

 If you are submitting a SRC Abstract  , please STOP.  
  You are on the wrong upload page!   
 To upload your Regular Paper Submission   , please proceed...  
 Click HERE  to submit a regular paper.  
  Easychair will open in a new window.  
   
 keyboard_arrow_up    
  Copyright © 2021-2025 SIGAPP  . All rights reserved.

44. Conference SAC_3:
SAC2025    Home 
  ORGANIZATION 
  TECHNICAL TRACKS 
  SUBMISSION | Regular Paper  SRC Submission  Author Kit   Tutorial Proposals 
  PROGRAM | SRC Program  Tutorials Program 
  HISTORY | SAC Stats  SAC History 

 S  UBMISSION - SRC file_upload   
 If you are submitting a Regular Paper  , please STOP.  
  You are on the wrong upload page!   
 To upload your SRC(Student Research Competition) Abstract Submission   , please proceed...  
 Click HERE  to submit a SRC Abstract.  
  Easychair will open in a new window.  
 For more information about SRC, please visit the SRC program  .  
   
 keyboard_arrow_up    
  Copyright © 2021-2025 SIGAPP  . All rights reserved.

45. Conference DocEng_2:
About SIGWEB | Member Benefits 
  Join ACM SIGWEB 
  Executive Committee | Past Executive Committee 
  Home 
  Conferences | ACM SIGWEB Conferences | Hypertext (HT) 
  Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL) 
  Document Engineering (DocEng) 
  Web Science (WebSci) 
  Information and Knowledge Management (CIKM) 
  Web Search and Data Mining (WSDM) 
  User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization (UMAP) 
  The Web Conference 
  Cooperating Conferences 
  Upcoming 
  Awards 
  Community | SIGWEB Student Travel Grant 
  SIGWEB Research Event Award 
  Volunteer Opportunities 
  SIGWEB Newsletter | Current Issue 
    
 You are here: 
  Home 
  Show all Events 
  25th ACM Symposium on Document Engineering (DocEng 2025) 

 Events Calendar  

 By Year    
 By Month    
 By Week    
 Today    
 Jump to month    

    January  February  March  April  May  June  July  August  September  October  November  December   2022  2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  2028  2029   Jump to month      
   
   Export Event  
    
   Save iCal     
   Send to Google Calendar     
   Send to Yahoo Calendar     
   Send to Outlook Live     
   Send to Microsoft Outlook     
   
   Save iCal     

 Close    

 25th ACM Symposium on Document Engineering (DocEng 2025)   
   
 From Tuesday, September 02, 2025  
  To Friday, September 05, 2025  
    
 Hits  : 483   
    
 Contact  https://doceng.org/doceng2025    
 The 25 th  ACM Symposium on Document Engineering (DocEng'25) seeks original research papers that focus on the design, implementation, development, management, use and evaluation of advanced systems where documents and document collections play a key role. DocEng emphasizes innovative approaches to document engineering technology, use of documents and document collections in real-world applications, and novel principles, tools and processes that improve our ability to create, manage, maintain, share, and productively use these.  
 In particular, DocEng'25 seeks contributions in the area of cooperative work with documents.  
   
 Location  Nottingham, UK

46. Conference SPM_0:
Register Now     

 Symposium on Solid and Physical Modeling (SPM) 2024  
 July 8 - 10, 2024  
  Concordia University, Montreal, QC, Canada   

 00  
 Days  
   
 00  
 Hours  
   
 00  
 Minutes  
   
 00  
 Secondes  

 The Symposium on Solid and Physical Modeling (SPM) is an international conference series organized annually with the support of the Solid Modeling Association (SMA)  . SPM'24 will be hosted at Concordia University  , July 8-10, 2024. The conference aims at all aspects of geometric and physical modeling, and their application in design, analysis and manufacturing, as well as in biomedical, geophysical, digital entertainment, and other areas. The conference serves also as a ceremony for awarding the 2024 Pierre Bézier Prize for contributions to solid, shape, and physical modeling.  

   01     
 Program  
 Check the SPM2024 final program. There's a laptop and HDMI connection on the podium.  

   02     
 Keynotes  
 Each day at SPM begins with a keynote as the first talk!  

   03     
 Things to do  
 Discover things to do in Montreal, provided by Tourisme Montréal.  

   04     
 Venue  
 Find out more about the Concordia University Conference Center and Montreal, Canada.  

   05     
 Accommodation  
 See the exclusive rates offered by local hotels for participants of our conference.  

   06     
 Visit Canada  
 Information regarding visiting Canada and the process for requesting invitation letters.  

 Thanks to our sponsors  
      
 If you are interested in sponsoring to be recognized as partners of SPM24, please check the Sponsor page  .  

 Designed and Developed by GrayGrids

47. Conference PODC_0:
Skip to content  ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing   
 June 16-20, 2025, Huatulco, Mexico  
   
 Menu  About PODC | Dijkstra Prize 
  Dissertation Award 
  PODC email list 
  PODC organization 
  Harassment policy 
  PODC 2025 | Call for papers 
  Calls for workshops and tutorials 
  Program committee 
  Conference committee 
  Steering committee 
  Call for Dijkstra nominations 
  Call for Dissertation nominations 
  Information for Sponsors 
  Calls | Call for papers 
  Call for workshops and tutorials 
  Dijkstra Prize nominations 
  Dissertation Award nominations 
  News | 2024 Dijkstra prize 
  2024 Dissertation Award 
  Past PODCs | 2020s | PODC 2024 
  PODC 2023 
  PODC 2022 
  PODC 2021 
  PODC 2020 
  2010s | PODC 2019 
  PODC 2018 
  PODC 2017 
  PODC 2016 
  PODC 2015 
  PODC 2014 
  PODC 2013 
  PODC 2012 
  PODC 2011 
  PODC 2010 
  2000s | PODC 2009 
  PODC 2008 
  PODC 2007 
  PODC 2006 
  PODC 2005 
  PODC 2004 
  PODC 2003 
  PODC 2002 
  PODC 2001 
  PODC 2000 
  1990s | PODC 1999 
  PODC 1998 
  PODC 1997 
  PODC 1996 
  PODC 1995 
  PODC 1994 
  PODC 1993 
  PODC 1992 
  PODC 1991 
  PODC 1990 
  1980s | PODC 1989 
  PODC 1988 
  PODC 1987 
  PODC 1986 
  PODC 1985 
  PODC 1984 
  PODC 1983 
  PODC 1982 

 PODC  
  
 News  
 PODC 2025 will be held in Huatulco, Mexico, on  
  June 16-20, 2025.  
 PODC 2024 | was held in Nantes, France, on June 17-21, 2024. 
  The 2024 | Dijkstra Prize | will go to | Nicola Santoro | and | Peter Widmayer | for | “ | Time is Not a Healer | ” in | Proceedings of the 6th Annual Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science | , pages 304–313, 1989. 
  Follow PODC on Twitter: @podc_disc  .  
 Scope  
 The ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing is an international forum on the theory, design, analysis, implementation and application of distributed systems and networks. We solicit papers in all areas of distributed computing. Papers from all viewpoints, including theory, practice, and experimentation, are welcome. The goal of the conference is to improve understanding of the principles underlying distributed computing. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 biological distributed algorithms and systems 
  blockchain and decentralized finance protocols 
  coding and reliable communication 
  communication networks 
  combinatorics and topology of distributed computing 
  concurrency, synchronization, and persistence 
  design and analysis of distributed algorithms 
  distributed and cloud storage 
  distributed and concurrent data structures 
  distributed computation for large-scale data 
  distributed graph algorithms 
  distributed machine learning and artificial intelligence 
  distributed operating systems, middleware, databases 
  distributed resource management and scheduling 
  fault-tolerance, reliability, self-organization, and self-stabilization 
  game-theoretic approaches to distributed computing 
  high-performance, cluster, cloud and grid computing 
  internet applications 
  languages, verification, and formal methods for distributed systems 
  lower bounds and impossibility results for distributed computing 
  mobile computing and autonomous agents 
  multiprocessor and multi-core architectures and algorithms 
  peer-to-peer systems, overlay networks, and social networks 
  population protocols 
  quantum and optics based distributed algorithms 
  replication and consistency 
  security and cryptography in distributed computing 
  specifications and semantics 
  system-on-chip and network-on-chip architectures 
  transactional memory 
  wireless, sensor, mesh, and ad hoc networks 

 PODC 2025  
 About PODC 
  Information for Sponsors 
  Call for papers 
  Calls for workshops and tutorials 
  Program committee 
  Conference committee 
  Steering committee 
  Call for Dijsktra nominations 
  Call for Dissertation nominations 

 Sponsors  
 TBD Long-term  

 About PODC | Dijkstra Prize 
  Dissertation Award 
  PODC email list 
  PODC organization 
  Harassment policy 
  PODC 2025 | Call for papers 
  Calls for workshops and tutorials 
  Program committee 
  Conference committee 
  Steering committee 
  Call for Dijkstra nominations 
  Call for Dissertation nominations 
  Information for Sponsors 
  Calls | Call for papers 
  Call for workshops and tutorials 
  Dijkstra Prize nominations 
  Dissertation Award nominations 
  News | 2024 Dijkstra prize 
  2024 Dissertation Award 
  Past PODCs | 2020s | PODC 2024 
  PODC 2023 
  PODC 2022 
  PODC 2021 
  PODC 2020 
  2010s | PODC 2019 
  PODC 2018 
  PODC 2017 
  PODC 2016 
  PODC 2015 
  PODC 2014 
  PODC 2013 
  PODC 2012 
  PODC 2011 
  PODC 2010 
  2000s | PODC 2009 
  PODC 2008 
  PODC 2007 
  PODC 2006 
  PODC 2005 
  PODC 2004 
  PODC 2003 
  PODC 2002 
  PODC 2001 
  PODC 2000 
  1990s | PODC 1999 
  PODC 1998 
  PODC 1997 
  PODC 1996 
  PODC 1995 
  PODC 1994 
  PODC 1993 
  PODC 1992 
  PODC 1991 
  PODC 1990 
  1980s | PODC 1989 
  PODC 1988 
  PODC 1987 
  PODC 1986 
  PODC 1985 
  PODC 1984 
  PODC 1983 
  PODC 1982 

 ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing   Proudly powered by WordPress

48. Conference DocEng_3:
Conference Partner   Home 
  Conferences 
  Journals 
  Proofreading 
  Login 

  中文  |  English  |  Español  |  日本語     

 Conference Partner  » Conferences  » DocEng    
  Conference Information   
   
 DocEng 2025: ACM Symposium on Document Engineering  
 http://www.documentengineering.org/doceng2025/   
   
 Submission Date: |  
 Notification Date: |  
 Conference Date: | 2025-09-02 
 Location: | Nottingham, UK 
 Years: | 25 
  
 CORE: b  QUALIS: b1  Viewed: 16316  Tracked: 0  Attend: 1    

  Call For Papers   
   
 The 25th ACM Symposium on Document Engineering (DocEng'25) seeks original research papers that focus on the design, implementation, development, management, use and evaluation of advanced systems where documents and document collections play a key role. DocEng emphasizes innovative approaches to document engineering technology, use of documents and document collections in real-world applications, and novel principles, tools and processes that improve our ability to create, manage, maintain, share, and productively use these. In particular, DocEng'25 seeks contributions in the area of cooperative work with documents. You are invited to submit original papers to DocEng'25, to be held in Nottingham, UK. Attendees at this international forum have interests that span all aspects of document engineering and applications.  Last updated by Dou Sun  in 2024-10-01   

  Best Papers   

 Year | Best Papers 
 2019 | Text Localization in Scientific Figures using Fully Convolutional Neural Networks on Limited Training Data 
 2019 | Prediction of Mathematical Expression Declarations based on Spatial, Semantic, and Syntactic Analysis 
 2019 | Augmenting Music Sheets with Harmonic Fingerprints 
 2017 | Towards a Transcription System of Sign Language Video Resources via Motion Trajectory Factorisation 
 2017 | Linear Extended Annotation Graphs 
 2016 | A General Framework for Globally Optimized Pagination 
  
 3425  3426  3427  3428  3429  3691    

  Related Conferences   

 CCF | CORE | QUALIS | Short | Full Name | Submission | Notification | Conference 
 a | a* | a1 | ICDE | International Conference on Data Engineering | 2024-11-25 | 2025-01-21 | 2025-05-19 
 b | b1 | KES | International Conference on Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems | 2020-05-15 | 2020-06-05 | 2020-09-16 
 MHV | ACM Mile High Video | 2022-12-16 | 2023-01-23 | 2023-05-08 
 CogMI | IEEE International Conference on Cognitive Machine Intelligence | 2021-10-14 | 2021-11-15 | 2021-12-13 
 ICoIEI | International Conference on Industrial Electronics and Instrumentation | 2022-09-15 | 2022-09-25 | 2022-10-15 
 CNSSE | International Conference on Computer Network Security and Software Engineering | 2025-01-16 | 2025-01-17 | 2025-02-21 
 STIIE | International Conference on Scientific and Technological Innovation and Industrial Economy | 2020-07-17 | 2020-07-17 
 SGSES | Asia Conference on Smart Grids and Sustainable Energy Systems | 2024-10-18 | 2024-10-25 | 2024-11-06 
 ICECCS' | International Conference on Eco-friendly Computing and Communication Systems | 2013-04-25 | 2013-06-30 | 2013-10-17 
 SSPD | Sensor Signal Processing for Defence Conference | 2018-11-30 | 2019-03-01 | 2019-05-09 
  
 135  255  4230  3916  3903  4006  3854  4592  1333  2873    

 Short | Full Name | Submission | Conference 
 ICDE | International Conference on Data Engineering | 2024-11-25 | 2025-05-19 
 KES | International Conference on Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems | 2020-05-15 | 2020-09-16 
 MHV | ACM Mile High Video | 2022-12-16 | 2023-05-08 
 CogMI | IEEE International Conference on Cognitive Machine Intelligence | 2021-10-14 | 2021-12-13 
 ICoIEI | International Conference on Industrial Electronics and Instrumentation | 2022-09-15 | 2022-10-15 
 CNSSE | International Conference on Computer Network Security and Software Engineering | 2025-01-16 | 2025-02-21 
 STIIE | International Conference on Scientific and Technological Innovation and Industrial Economy | 2020-07-17 | 2020-07-17 
 SGSES | Asia Conference on Smart Grids and Sustainable Energy Systems | 2024-10-18 | 2024-11-06 
 ICECCS' | International Conference on Eco-friendly Computing and Communication Systems | 2013-04-25 | 2013-10-17 
 SSPD | Sensor Signal Processing for Defence Conference | 2018-11-30 | 2019-05-09 
  
 135  255  4230  3916  3903  4006  3854  4592  1333  2873    

  Related Journals   

 CCF | Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher | ISSN 
 International journal of Software Engineering & Applications | AIRCC | 0976-2221 
 IEEE Open Journal of the Computer Society | 5.700 | IEEE | 2644-1268 
 Computers | MDPI | 2073-431X 
 International Journal of UbicComp | AIRCC | 0976-2213 
 International Journal of Parallel Programming | 0.900 | Springer | 0885-7458 
 Complex Adaptive Systems Modeling | Springer | 2194-3206 
 Journal of Sensor and Actuator Networks | 3.300 | MDPI | 2224-2708 
 Health Informatics - An International Journal | AIRCC | 2319-3190 
 Journal of Computational Neuroscience | 1.500 | Springer | 0929-5313 
 Analog Integrated Circuits and Signal Processing | 1.200 | Springer | 0925-1030 
  
 267  1069  919  261  492  860  820  301  500  1008    

 Full Name | Impact Factor | Publisher 
 International journal of Software Engineering & Applications | AIRCC 
 IEEE Open Journal of the Computer Society | 5.700 | IEEE 
 Computers | MDPI 
 International Journal of UbicComp | AIRCC 
 International Journal of Parallel Programming | 0.900 | Springer 
 Complex Adaptive Systems Modeling | Springer 
 Journal of Sensor and Actuator Networks | 3.300 | MDPI 
 Health Informatics - An International Journal | AIRCC 
 Journal of Computational Neuroscience | 1.500 | Springer 
 Analog Integrated Circuits and Signal Processing | 1.200 | Springer 
  
 267  1069  919  261  492  860  820  301  500  1008    

  Recommendation   

 Track It 0 
  Attend It 1 
  Edit CFP 

 Attender | Year 
 Yong Hsing (457) | 2018 
  
 12531    
   
  Advertisment   

  4,945  Conferences | 1,179  Journals | 69,599  Researchers | 385,366,414 PV  
  Copyright © 2011-2024 myhuiban.com. All Rights Reserved. About Us  | Facebook  | X  | Post CFP or Contact Us  | Promotion

49. Conference PODC_1:
Skip to content  ACM PODC 2025   
 June 16-20, 2025, Huatulco, Mexico  
   
 Menu  About PODC | Dijkstra Prize 
  Dissertation Award 
  PODC email list 
  PODC organization 
  Harassment policy 
  PODC 2025 | Program committee 
  Conference committee 
  Steering committee 
  Information for Sponsors 
  Calls | Call for papers 
  Past PODCs 

 PODC 2025  
  
 News  
 PODC 2025 will be held in Huatulco, Mexico, on  
  June 16-20, 2025.  
 PODC 2024 | was held in Nantes, France, on June 17-21, 2024. 
  The 2024 | Dijkstra Prize | will go to | Nicola Santoro | and | Peter Widmayer | for | “ | Time is Not a Healer | ” in | Proceedings of the 6th Annual Symposium on Theoretical Aspects of Computer Science | , pages 304–313, 1989. 
  Follow PODC on Twitter: @podc_disc  .  
 Scope  
 The ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing is an international forum on the theory, design, analysis, implementation and application of distributed systems and networks. We solicit papers in all areas of distributed computing. Papers from all viewpoints, including theory, practice, and experimentation, are welcome. The goal of the conference is to improve understanding of the principles underlying distributed computing. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:  
 biological distributed algorithms and systems 
  blockchain and decentralized finance protocols 
  coding and reliable communication 
  communication networks 
  combinatorics and topology of distributed computing 
  concurrency, synchronization, and persistence 
  design and analysis of distributed algorithms 
  distributed and cloud storage 
  distributed and concurrent data structures 
  distributed computation for large-scale data 
  distributed graph algorithms 
  distributed machine learning and artificial intelligence 
  distributed operating systems, middleware, databases 
  distributed resource management and scheduling 
  fault-tolerance, reliability, self-organization, and self-stabilization 
  game-theoretic approaches to distributed computing 
  high-performance, cluster, cloud and grid computing 
  internet applications 
  languages, verification, and formal methods for distributed systems 
  lower bounds and impossibility results for distributed computing 
  mobile computing and autonomous agents 
  multiprocessor and multi-core architectures and algorithms 
  peer-to-peer systems, overlay networks, and social networks 
  population protocols 
  quantum and optics based distributed algorithms 
  replication and consistency 
  security and cryptography in distributed computing 
  specifications and semantics 
  system-on-chip and network-on-chip architectures 
  transactional memory 
  wireless, sensor, mesh, and ad hoc networks 

 PODC 2025  
 Information for Sponsors 
  Call for papers 
  Program committee 
  Conference committee 
  Steering committee 

 Sponsors  
 TBD Long-term  

 About PODC | Dijkstra Prize 
  Dissertation Award 
  PODC email list 
  PODC organization 
  Harassment policy 
  PODC 2025 | Program committee 
  Conference committee 
  Steering committee 
  Information for Sponsors 
  Calls | Call for papers 
  Past PODCs 

 ACM PODC 2025   Proudly powered by WordPress

50. Conference MOBIHOC_0:
Sign  for Notice Everyday  Sign Up  | Sign In  | Link  | English  |   

 Home   Post Event   2024Event   2025Event   By Topic   By Country   Contact     

 Our Sponsors  

  MobiHoc 2025 -ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing  
 Send this CFP to us by mail: cfp@ourglocal.org  
 Introduction  : ACM MobiHoc is the premier international symposium dedicated to addressing challenges emerging from wireless ad hoc networking and computing. With its highly selective technical program, the symposium will bring together researchers and practitioners from a broad spectrum of wireless networking research to present the most up-to-date results and achievements in the field.  
  
 We invite paper submissions on mobile ad hoc networks, wireless sensor networks, wireless mesh networks, vehicular networks and ad hoc computing systems, with the focus being on issues at and above the MAC layer. Besides theoretical works, papers on practical issues are also very welcome. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to the following:  
  
 Applications and middleware support  
 Transport, network, and MAC protocols  
 Energy efficiency  
 Location discovery  
 Cross-layer design and control  
 Network resilience, fault-tolerance, and reliability  
 Functional computation and data aggregation  
 Modeling and performance analysis  
 Scaling laws and fundamental limits  
 Network coding  
 Opportunistic and delay-tolerant networks  
 Vehicular networks  
 Cognitive radio networks  
 Distributed sensing, actuation, control, and coordination  
 Trust, security and privacy  
 System design and testbeds  
 Measurements from experimental systems  
  
 The symposium especially encourages the submission of exploratory studies that identify new challenges in the network design, innovative services, and applications that may stimulate far-reaching future research.  
 Deadline  : TBD | Date  : TBD  
 Place/Country  : TBD/TBD  
 ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2026 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2025 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2024 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2023 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2022 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2021 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2020 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2019 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2018 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2017 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2016 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2015 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2014 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2013 
  The 13th ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing mobihoc 2012 - mobihoc 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2011 
  The 11th ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2009 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2008 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2007 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2006 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2005 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2004 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2003 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2002 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2001 
  ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad Hoc Networking and Computing - MobiHoc 2000 
   Keywords  : Accepted papers list. Acceptance Rate. EI Compendex. Engineering Index. ISTP index. ISI index. Impact Factor.  
  Disclaimer  : ourGlocal is an open academical resource system, which anyone can edit or update. Usually, journal information updated by us, journal managers or others. So the information is old or wrong now. Specially, impact factor is changing every year. Even it was correct when updated, it may have been changed now. So please go to Thomson Reuters to confirm latest value about Journal impact factor.  

 Copyright © 2006 - 2024 ourGlocal | Privacy   
  GMT+9 2024-12-03 20:34:05 Processed in 0.10032606124878 s.

