1. Conference DS-RT_2:
DS-RT 2022 : The 26th International Symposium on Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications    
   
 26-28 Sep 2022 Ales (France) 

 Login    Lost password ?  Create account 

 Main menu   
 Registration     

 HELP   
 @ Contact | Home  
 The 2022 edition of the IEEE/ACM 26th International Symposium on Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications (DS-RT) will be held in Alès, France. DS-RT 2022 serves as a forum for simulationists from academia, industry and research labs, for presenting recent research results in Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications. DS-RT 2022 targets the growing overlap between large distributed simulations and real time applications, such as mirror world simulations and collaborative virtual environments. The conference features prominent invited speakers as well as papers by top researchers in the field. DS-RT 2022 will include contributed technical papers, invited papers, and panel discussions. The proceedings will be published by IEEE-CS press. This event is a wonderful opportunity to join the community of experts on related topics, share experiences, and have fruitful discussions. Prof. Gregory Zacharewicz, General Chair Prof. Umut Durak, DS-RT Program Co-Chair Prof. Gabriele D'Angelo , DS-RT Program Co-Chair 

 Online user: 1 | Privacy |  

   Loading...   

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

2. Conference DX_0:
Login    Lost password ?  Create account 

 Home 
  Call for papers 
  Committees 
  For authors 
  Program 
  Contacts 
  Participants 
  Registration 
  DX Series 
  New submission 
  Sponsors 

 33rd International Workshop on Principles of Diagnosis – DX 2022 Workshop in Toulouse, France, September 14th – 16th, 2022  
 DX 2022  
 Diagnosis is a classical part of Artificial Intelligence research. The aim of the annual DX Workshop is to unite researchers and practitioners with diverse backgrounds in order to leverage research in diagnosis, that is, identifying the root causes for encountered malfunctions. Since 1989, the DX Workshop series has been offering a forum to present current research and experience reports, exchange and discuss emerging ideas, as well as debate current issues and envisioned future challenges. Relevant topics are related to fault diagnosis, monitoring, testing, debugging, reconfiguration, fault-adaptive control, fault recovery, and repair.  
 Workshop Location  
 The 33rd International Workshop on Principles of Diagnosis (DX-2022) will be held September 14-16, 2022, in Toulouse, France. Toulouse is in the French department of Haute-Garonne and of the larger region of Occitanie. The city is on the banks of the River Garonne, 150 kilometres (93 miles) from the Mediterranean Sea. It is the fourth-largest commune in France.  
   
 photo: Claude Attard  , license (CC BY 2.0)    

 DX 2022 IS SUPPORTED BY   
 ANITI | - | Artificial and Natural Intelligence Toulouse Institute 
  SAGIP | - | Society of Automation, Industrial Engineering and Productics 
  INSA | - Institute of Higher Education and Research 
  LAAS-CNRS | - | Laboratory for Analysis and Architecture of Systems 
  AFIA | - Association Française pour l'Intelligence Artificielle 
  DX 2022 papers   
 are available on : https://hal.science/DX2022/search/index?q=DX+2022   
 DX 2022 social event  
    
 slides | Important Dates  
 Paper submission deadline  : 23:59 (anywhere) on May 15th, 2022  May 31, 2022    
 Notification of acceptance:  July 15, 2022  
 Camera ready copies due:  July 31, 2022  
 Registration deadline:  August 30, 2022  
 Workshop  : September 14th-16th, 2022 

 Online user: 1 | Privacy |  

   Loading...   

  
Call for papers data: 
   
  
 Login    Lost password ?  Create account 

 Home 
  Call for papers 
  Committees 
  For authors 
  Program 
  Contacts 
  Participants 
  Registration 
  DX Series 
  New submission 
  Sponsors 

 Call for papers  
 The DX-2022 program committee invites submissions of technical papers for DX-2022, to be held in Toulouse, France on September 14-16, 2022.  
 We are looking forward to submissions on any diagnosis-related topic, including papers focusing on the following issues:  
 Formal theories and computational methods for diagnosis, that include monitoring, detection and isolation, as weel as testing, repair and therapy, reconfiguration, fault tolerance, diagnosability and predictability analysis, and other related topics. 
  Modeling for diagnosis that includes discrete, discrete-event, timed, qualitative, continuous, hybrid/heterogeneous, probabilistic, behavioral and functional modeling together with abstraction, refinement, approximation and reformulation methods. Effective modeling approaches for large systems, uncertainty management, and techniques for improving incomplete models for diagnosis are especially welcome. 
  Computational issues in diagnosis that address combinatorial explosion, use of structural and hierarchical knowledge, focusing strategies and heuristics, resource-bounded reasoning, real-time analysis, precompilation, and other related topics. 
  Diagnosis processes that include strategies for measurement selection, sensor placement, active diagnosis/testing, embedded diagnosis, distributed or decentralized diagnosis, preventive diagnosis, fault-adaptive control, and human interaction with diagnostic systems. 
  Connections and interplay between AI-based diagnosis methods and related areas: FDI, control theory, statistics, machine learning, knowledge representation, planning and optimization, autonomous and/or dependable systems, safety, verification, software engineering and debugging, and hardware instrumentation and testing. 
  Real-world applications of diagnosis and integrated systems in a wide range of fields including transportation, space and aeronautics, robotics, manufacturing, energy, networks and services, and medical domains. Case studies of technology transfer that resulted in success or failure are especially welcome. 
  Demonstration of software tools and presentation of benchmarks for diagnosis and monitoring. 
  DX22 accepts two types of papers. Regular research papers must not be longer than eight pages  in the double column A4 format provided at the workshop's website. The second type of accepted papers are short papers ( four pages max  ) dealing with the presentation of tools, benchmarks or preliminary works presenting original ideas for diagnosis or non standard diagnosis problems.  
   
  For tool papers, an interactive electronic presentation of the tool will be mandatory. For benchmark papers, the proposed benchmarks must be freely available to the research community. The main criteria for short papers about new ideas and diagnosis problems will be their originality. Authors are required to submit their papers electronically via the DX22 website.  
   
  All submissions will be peer-reviewed, and accepted papers will be scheduled for either an oral or a poster presentation.  
   
  By submitting a paper, the corresponding authors agree that for each accepted paper at least one of its authors has to register and attend the workshop in order to present her/their work. The program committee reserves the right to reject overlong submissions, submissions that violate the guidelines, and submissions in formats other than PDF without review.  
 By submitting a paper, the authors agree that the accepted papers will be transferred for communication into the open archive HAL  .  
   
  We are looking forward to receiving your submissions and seeing you at DX'22!  

 Important Dates  
 Paper submission deadline  : 23:59 (anywhere) on May 15th, 2022  
 Paper reviews deadline:  June 30, 2022  
 Notification of acceptance:  July 15, 2022  
 Camera ready copies due:  July 31, 2022  
 Registration deadline:  August 15, 2022  
 Workshop  : September 14th-16th, 2022  
 Policy on Multiple Submissions  
 Many conferences (notably, IJCAI), accept duplicate submissions. The DX policy is to accept such duplicate submissions where the submission does not violate the other conference or journal policies and where the submission does not constitute self-plagiarism.  
 Paper Length and Format  
 Submitted papers must be no longer than eight pages  , including all figures and references, and must be formatted according to the posted DX-2022 guidelines  . Papers must be formatted for letter paper, in double-column format with a 10pt font. Electronic templates for the LaTeX typesetting package, as well as a Microsoft Word template, that conform to the DX-2022 guidelines  available at the workshop website.  
   
  Authors are required to submit their electronic papers in PDF format. Files in postscript (ps) or any other format will not be accepted.  
   
  Over-length papers will not be considered for review. Each accepted paper will be allowed eight pages in the proceedings  
 Electronic Submission  
 Papers must be submitted electronically through the DX-2022 paper submission page.  
 Presentation of Accepted Papers  
 Papers will be accepted for either oral or poster presentation. At least one author of each accepted paper is required to attend the conference to present the work. Authors will be required to agree to this requirement at the time of submission.  
 Review Process  
 Papers will be subject to peer review. Selection criteria include accuracy and originality of ideas, clarity and significance of results and quality of presentation. The decision of the Program Committee will be final and cannot be appealed.  
 DX-2022 Information  
 Information regarding DX-2022 is disseminated through the DX-2022 website  , the DX-2022 mailing list and other printed and electronic media. The information published on the DX-2022 website is authoritative and in case of conflicts takes precedence. Authors and participants are required to monitor the DX-2022 website for updates and corrections. Notifications about major updates and additions to the website will be sent through the DX-2022 mailing list.  
 Further Questions  
 If you have any further questions, send an email to the local DX-2022 organizing committee  .  

 Online user: 3 | Privacy |  

   Loading...   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

3. Conference DS-RT_3:
Skip to main content       
       
    Cyber-Physical Systems Virtual Organization  CPS-VO    
 Login   
       Not a member?  Forgot your password?    
 Submit    

 Hamburger Menu  
 Home 
  Tools 
  Projects 
  PI Meetings 
  Communities 

 Breadcrumb  
 Home | / 
  Events | / 
  28th International Symposium On Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications (DS-RT 2024) 

 28th International Symposium on Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications (DS-RT 2024)  
 Date  : Oct 07, 2024 6:00 am – Oct 09, 2024 4:00 pm   
 Location  : Urbino, Italy   
 URL  : http://ds-rt.com/2024/    
   
 The 2024 28th International Symposium on Distributed Simulation and Real Time Applications (DS-RT 2024)  is set to be a splendid event, scheduled to be held in Urbino, Italy. This symposium offers a unique forum for academics, industry professionals, and researchers to showcase their latest findings in the fields of Distributed Simulation and Real-Time Applications. DS-RT 2024 stands as a pivotal gathering for exchanging knowledge and advancing the frontiers of simulation technology.  
 DS-RT 2024 focuses on the increasingly intersecting domains of extensive distributed simulations and real-time applications. This encompasses areas like the metaverse, collaborative virtual environments, as well as pervasive and ubiquitous application scenarios. Additionally, the symposium will delve into actuator systems and explore the integration of artificial intelligence techniques within both simulation and real-time applications.  
 This year motto is: "Digital Twins: Bridging Worlds with Simulation" to highlight the transformative impact of digital twins in connecting the physical and digital realms through the power of simulation, leading to enhanced understanding, innovation, and efficiency across various sectors.  
 The conference features prominent invited speakers and papers by top researchers in the field. DS-RT 2024 will include contributed technical papers, invited papers, and tutorials. The proceedings will be published by IEEE-CS press. (technical sponsorships pending approval).  
   
  Gabriele D’Angelo  , General Chair  
  Stefano Ferretti  , DS-RT Program Co-Chair  
  Pietro Manzoni  , DS-RT Program Co-Chair  

 Submitted by Amy Karns   on Mon, 06/03/2024 - 11:22     

 © 2024 Cyber-Physical Systems Virtual Organization   

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

4. Conference DX_1:
DX 2024   Mon 4 - Thu 7 November 2024 Vienna, Austria    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Europahaus Wien Conference and Event Center 
  Registration and Accommodation 
  Program | Schedule 
  Awards 
  Invited Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Track/Call 
  Organization | DX 2024 Committees 
  Track Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Local Conference Support 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
   Series 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 DX 2024 ( series  ) /  The 35th International Conference on Principles of Diagnosis and Resilient Systems (DX'24) DX 2024   
   
 About 
  News 
  Sponsors 
  Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
   
 The 35th International Conference on Principles of Diagnosis and Resilient Systems (DX’24) is an event co-organized by TU Graz and Ben Gurion University, and sponsored by AIJ. |  

  The 35th International Conference on Principles of Diagnosis and Resilient Systems (DX’24) will take place in Vienna, Austria, from November 4th to November 7th 2024.  
 Formerly known as the International Workshop on Principles of Diagnosis, the DX conference is a forum to present and discuss the latest research, experience reports, and emerging ideas in the context of diagnosis and resilient systems. We value submissions considering any kind of system, from physical to computational, with abstract to detailed representations. In previous iterations of the DX workshop, the focus was on diagnosis, i.e., the identification of root causes for encountered issues and unexpected scenarios, and related techniques, such as prognostics, planning, and control. Moving forward, we would like to expand our focus on diagnosis to the topic of resilience, which is the intrinsic ability of a system to sustain its required operations when impacted by expected and unexpected contingencies. We are interested in papers that cover resilient design as well as approaches for operational resilience.  
 Topics covered by the DX conference include but are not limited to:  
 Monitoring, detection, diagnosis, and mitigation of faults, unexpected issues, and change 
  Formal theories and symbolic, sub-symbolic, as well as hybrid approaches for diagnosis 
  Connections between diagnosis and other techniques like decision making, (re-)planning & (re-)configuration, control theory, formal verification, and testing 
  Concept papers on the theory of design and operational resilience 
  Designing, developing, and operationalizing resilient systems 
  Hard- and software instrumentation, as well as dependable data acquisition and probing 
  Development, learning, abstraction, transformation, analysis, optimization, and transfer of diagnosis models 
  Diagnosis in resilient, intelligent, and autonomous systems 
  Diagnosis in a distributed, hierarchical, system-of-systems, or multi-agent context 
  PhD students are encouraged to submit a description of their related research/thesis to be considered for presentation in a special session that focuses on mentoring for PhD research. Accepted entries will be included in our archival proceedings in a dedicated section.  
 Regular submissions are limited to 20 pages (including references and appendices) in the Dagstuhl Open Access Series in Informatics format as referenced on the conference website. PhD session submissions must be no longer than 16 pages. Authors must submit their papers and PhD session entries electronically via EasyChair as PDF files. By submitting a paper, all authors agree that for each accepted paper, at least one of the authors will register for the conference and attend in person. For PhD session entries, the PhD candidate must attend the conference and present their work.  
 This year we will have a special submission option where people with a recent (2023-2024) relevant journal or major conference (A or A*) paper, e.g., AAAI, IJCAI, ECAI, ISSRE, ICSE, KR …, can hand in their paper and present it in a special session after acceptance for additional exposure. We will add those submissions to the front matter of the proceedings. All such submissions must have the prefix ’Summary of’ followed by the original title of the publication as title and must explicitly include full bibliographic details (including a DOI) of the original publication. These submissions will not be reviewed in detail, but will be judged and selected by the conference chairs on the basis of the mentioned regular criteria and how well they would complement the conference’s technical program.  
 The program committee reserves the right to reject without review submissions that exceed page limits, violate the guidelines listed on the conference website, or are submitted in formats other than PDF. All submissions must be made through the conference EasyChair site. Resubmissions that have been accepted at venues without archival proceedings (workshops, ArXiv, …) are welcome when following the specific instructions provided in the submission guidelines.  
   
 Call for Papers  
  
 We are proud to announce that in 2024, the 35th International Conference on Principles of Diagnosis and Resilient Systems (DX’24) will take place in Vienna, Austria, from November 4th to November 7th 2024.  
 To date, the focus of the DX workshop series has been on the principles and applications of diagnosis, i.e., the identification of root causes for encountered issues and unexpected scenarios, as well as on related techniques, such as prognostics, planning, and control. Moving forward, we would like to expand our focus on diagnosis to the particularly interesting topic of resilience, which is the intrinsic ability of a system to sustain its required operations when impacted by expected and unexpected contingencies that were potentially not considered during the design of the system. We are interested in papers that cover resilient design as well as approaches for operational resilience.  
 The annual DX conference is a forum to present state-of-the-art research and experience reports, to exchange and discuss emerging ideas, as well as to debate current issues and envisioned future challenges. Relevant research areas are related (but not limited) to fault diagnosis, monitoring, testing, debugging, verification, fault-adaptive control, intelligent decision-making, explanation and recommendation systems, (re-)configuration, (re-)planning, repair, resilient system design and operational resilience. Our focus is application-independent, so that we value submissions considering any kind of system, including digital, analog, mechanical, cyber-physical, biological, logical, ecological, ethical, economical, and social ones, no matter whether they are natural, or artificial, abstract or detailed.  
 The DX conference program committee welcomes submissions on any diagnosis- or resilient system-related topic, including:  
 Formal theories and computation methods for diagnosis and resilient systems, including monitoring, fault detection and isolation, testing, decision making, repair and therapy, (re-)planning, (re-)configuration, fault tolerance, diagnosability analysis, and system design. 
  Models for diagnosis and resilient systems, including discrete, discrete-event, qualitative, continuous, hybrid, probabilistic, behavioral, and functional models, as well as models resulting from approximation, abstraction, refinement, and reformulation approaches. Modeling approaches that scale to large systems are of specific interest. 
  Diagnosis algorithms and processes, including strategies for measurement selection, active diagnosis/testing, sensor placement, embedded diagnosis, preventive diagnosis, fault adaptive control, distributed diagnosis, as well as human interaction with the diagnosis engine and other usability issues. 
  Technology supporting the design and operation of resilient systems, including strategies for making decisions, mission (re-)planning, system (re-)configuration, repair processes, active and passive knowledge acquisition, aggregating diagnostic information over time and space, exploiting diagnosis results over a system’s entire lifetime (from development to decommissioning), exploiting diagnostic information for system design evolution, as well as the local and global exploitation of diagnosis results (local in time, space or a system-of-systems context) 
  Solutions to and formulations of computational issues faced during diagnosis and in resilient systems, e.g., addressing combinatorial (and state) explosion, the exploitation of structural and hierarchical knowledge, focusing strategies and heuristics, resource-bounded reasoning, requirements and restrictions related to real-time environments, and pre-compilation/pre-processing techniques. 
  Learning-based systems to support monitoring, fault diagnosis, resilient design, and operational resilience. 
  Connections and interplay between data-driven and/or analytic AI-based diagnosis methods and methods from related areas or tasks like FDI, control theory, statistics, machine and deep learning, knowledge representation, concept extraction, planning, optimization, autonomous systems, safety, verification, software engineering, debugging, as well as hardware instrumentation and testing. 
  (Real-world) applications of diagnosis and system resilience, including scenarios in space, transportation, aeronautics, robotics, manufacturing, process engineering, energy, networks and services, ethics, economy, biotechnology, medical domains, and social/societal contexts. Case studies concerning a successful or failed technology transfer to a specific application are especially welcome. 
  All PhD students working on a relevant topic are encouraged to submit a description of their research to be considered for a special session focusing on mentoring PhD research. Depending on the number of submissions, this session will be organized as a panel or poster session. Accepted entries will be included in our archival proceedings in a dedicated section.  
 Regular submissions are limited to 20 pages (including references and appendices) in the Dagstuhl Open Access Series in Informatics format as referenced on the conference website. PhD session submissions must be no longer than 16 pages. Authors must submit their papers and PhD session entries electronically via EasyChair as PDF files. The submissions will be peer-reviewed (single blind, authors can add their names), and accepted papers will be scheduled for either an oral or a poster presentation (a panel and/or poster presentation for accepted PhD session submissions).  
 This year we will have a special submission option where people with a recent (ideally 2023-2024) relevant journal or major conference (A or A*) paper, e.g., AAAI, IJCAI, ECAI, ISSRE, ICSE, KR …, can hand in their paper and present it in a special session after acceptance for additional exposure. We will add those submissions to the front matter of the proceedings. All such submissions must have the prefix ’Summary of’ followed by the original title of the publication as title and must explicitly include full bibliographic details (including a DOI) of the original publication. These submissions will not be reviewed in detail, but will be judged and selected by the conference chairs on the basis of the mentioned regular criteria and how well they would complement the conference’s technical program.  
 By submitting a paper, all authors agree that for each accepted paper, at least one of the authors will register for the conference and attend in person. For PhD session entries, the PhD candidates must attend the conference and present their submissions. Please note that a registration accounts for one accepted paper. Exceptions require the consent of the organizers and for each additional paper an additional fee will be applied.  
 The program committee reserves the right to reject without review submissions that exceed page limits, violate the guidelines listed on the conference website, or are submitted in formats other than PDF. All submissions must be made through the conference EasyChair site. Resubmissions that have been accepted at venues without archival proceedings (workshops, ArXiv, ...) are welcome when following the specific instructions provided in the submission guidelines.  

 Submission Instructions  
  
 Regular submissions are limited to 20 pages  (including references and appendices) in the Dagstuhl Open Access Series in Informatics format as referenced on the conference website. PhD session submissions must be no longer than 16 pages  . Journal/Major Conference First Submission Session submissions must consist of the original accepted paper + a 1 to 2 page  extended abstract titled: Summary of {original paper title} + the DOI for the original paper. Authors must submit their papers and PhD session entries electronically via EasyChair as PDF files. The submissions will be peer-reviewed (single blind, authors can add their names), and accepted papers will be scheduled for either an oral or a poster presentation (a panel and/or poster presentation for accepted PhD session submissions).  
  
 The conference proceeding will appear on the website of our publisher, OASIcs  .  
  For preparing a submission, please use the style files  specified by our publisher. There is a zip and tar.gz options, use whatever is convenient for you:  
 Zip file 
  Tar.gz file 
  Further information on style-related questions can be found in the author instructions available from the website of our publisher: OASIcs author instructions  . Please note that there is a hard maximum limit of 20 pages, and there will be no penalty for shorter submissions. That is, we expect the number of pages for a submission to range between 10 and 20 pages.  
 Once ready, please submit your papers via our EasyChair submission site via the submission link  .  

 News  
   
 September 23rd: We congratulate all the authors of the papers that were accepted for DX’24!  
 September 3: Accommodating some requests from authors and PC members, we would like to announce that it will be possible to update submissions until Monday September 9th 23:59 AoE. Please note though that ALL  papers need to be registered in EasyChair until the original deadline on Thursday the 5th 23:59 AoE.  
 June 27: We’re happy to announce that Prof. Marina Zanella from the Università degli Studi di Brescia, Italy will chair the PhD panel!  
 June 25: Please note our PhD panel and the opportunity to present your latest journal paper or your summary of your recent major conference (ranked A or A*) paper to the DX community!  
 June 25: Please note that submissions will be possible until September 5th!  
 June 25: We’re happy to announce the new dates and location for DX’24 - The 35th International Conference on Principles of Diagnosis and Resilient Systems will take place from November 4th to 7th in Vienna, Austria!  
   
 Sponsors  
   
 DX’24 is an event co-organized by TU Graz and Ben-Gurion University. We thank these organizations for their support and for sponsoring DX’24, where you can access more info about them at their individual websites by clicking on the logos below. We would also like to thank the AI Journal (AIJ) sponsorship committee for sponsoring this event.  
 If you are interested in supporting DX’24, please let us know  .  

 Questions? Use the DX contact form  .    
    
 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Mon 4 - Thu 7 Nov 2024  
  Conference 
 Thu 31 Oct 2024  
  Registration (10:59 AoE) 
 Fri 4 Oct 2024  
  Author early registration (10:59 AoE) 
 Fri 4 Oct 2024  
  Camera ready version (23:59 AoE) 
 Mon 23 Sep 2024  
  Author notification (23:59 AoE) 
 Mon 9 Sep 2024  
  Updates to existing submissions (23:59 AoE) 
 Thu 5 Sep 2024  
  Submission deadline (23:59 AoE) 

 Organizing Committee    
   
 Ingo Pill Organization Co-chair    
 Institute of Software Technology, Graz University of Technology   
 Austria 
  Franz Wotawa Organization Co-chair    
 Graz University of Technology   
 Austria 
  Avraham Natan Organizer    
 Ben-Gurion University of the Negev   
 Israel 
    
 Local Conference Support    
   
 Elisabeth Orthofer    
 Institute of Software Technology, Graz University of Technology   
 Austria 
  Alexander Perko    
 Institute of Software Technology, Graz University of Technology   
 Austria 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Carlos Alonso-González    
 University of Valladolid 
  Elodie Chanthery    
 LAAS-CNRS 
  Alessandro Cimatti    
 Fondazione Bruno Kessler   
 Italy 
  Alexander Diedrich    
 Helmut-Schmidt-Universität / Universität der Bundeswehr Hamburg 
  Gerhard Friedrich    
 Alpen-Adria-Universitaet Klagenfurt 
  Daniel Jung    
 Linköping University   
 Sweden 
  Meir Kalech    
 Ben Gurion University of the Negev, Israel   
 Israel 
  Bruno Lima    
 Faculty of Engineering of the University of Porto & University of Maia & LIACC   
 Portugal 
  Angelo Montanari    
 University of Udine   
 Italy 
  Oliver Niggemann    
 Helmut-Schmidt-Universität / Universität der Bundeswehr Hamburg 
  Yannick Pencolé    
 CNRS-LAAS, Université de Toulouse 
  Ingo Pill    
 Institute of Software Technology, Graz University of Technology   
 Austria 
  Gregory Provan    
 University College Cork 
  Belarmino Pulido    
 Universidad de Valladolid   
 Spain 
  Pauline Ribot    
 LAAS-CNRS 
  Patrick Rodler    
 Alpen-Adria Universität Klagenfurt 
  Indranil Roychoudhury    
 Schlumberger 
  Martin Sachenbacher    
 University of Lübeck   
 Germany 
  Anika Schumann    
 IBM Research - Zurich 
  Neal Snooke    
 Aberystwyth University 
  Gerald Steinbauer-Wagner    
 Graz University of Technology 
  Peter Struss    
 Technical University of Munich 
  Markus Stumptner    
 University of South Australia 
  Anna Sztyber    
 Warsaw University of Technology 
  Stefano Tonetta    
 Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy 
  Gianluca Torta    
 Dipartimento di Informatica - Università di Torino, Italy 
  Louise Travé-Massuyès    
 CNRS   
 France 
  Franz Wotawa    
 Graz University of Technology   
 Austria 
  Marina Zanella    
 Università di Brescia 
  Johan de Kleer    
   
 United States 
    
 Steering Committee    
   
 Ingo Pill Steering Committee Chair    
 Institute of Software Technology, Graz University of Technology   
 Austria 
  Gautam Biswas Steering Committee Member 
  Meir Kalech Steering Committee Member    
 Ben Gurion University of the Negev, Israel   
 Israel 
  Oliver Niggemann Steering Committee Member    
 Helmut-Schmidt-Universität / Universität der Bundeswehr Hamburg 
  Louise Travé-Massuyès Steering Committee Member    
 CNRS   
 France 
  Franz Wotawa Steering Committee Member    
 Graz University of Technology   
 Austria 
  Marina Zanella Steering Committee Member    
 Università di Brescia 
  Johan de Kleer Steering Committee Member    
   
 United States 

 x  Thu 5 Dec 11:59    

  DX 2024   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 DX'24    

 Attending  
 Venue: Europahaus Wien Conference and Event Center   
  Registration and Accommodation    
 Sign Up    

  
Call for papers data: 
DX 2024   Mon 4 - Thu 7 November 2024 Vienna, Austria    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Europahaus Wien Conference and Event Center 
  Registration and Accommodation 
  Program | Schedule 
  Awards 
  Invited Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Track/Call 
  Organization | DX 2024 Committees 
  Track Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Local Conference Support 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
   Series 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 DX 2024 ( series  ) /  Accepted Papers  
   
 For DX’24, we had 45 submissions in total - 3 for the journal-/major conference-first (JMCF) track, and 42 for the main track. Out of the 3 JMCF papers, 3 (100%) were accepted (one conditional). Out of the 42 main track papers, 39 went into the reviewing process where we finally accepted 18 (42.9%) as full papers and 13 (31%) as short papers (max. 14 pages). 8 papers (20.51%) were rejected in our final decisions.  
 Please find below preliminary, alphabetically ordered lists of the papers accepted for inclusion in the DX’24 proceedings:   
 Accepted full papers:   
 A Hierarchical Monitoring and Diagnosis System for Autonomous Robots | Gerald Steinbauer-Wagner, Leo Fürbaß, Marco De Bortoli and Louise Travé-Massuyès 
  A Model-Based Approach for Monitoring and Diagnosing Digital Twin Discrepancies | Elaheh Hosseinkhani, Martin Leucker, Martin Sachenbacher, Hendrik Streichhahn and Lars Bernd Vosteen 
  A Review of Fault Diagnosis Techniques Applied to Aircraft Air Data Sensors | Lucas Gabriel Lima Lopes, Louise Travé-Massuyès, Carine Jauberthie and Guillaume Alcalay 
  A Study on Redundancy and Intrinsic Dimension for Data-Driven Fault Diagnosis | Daniel Jung and David Axelsson 
  Bridging Hardware and Software Diagnosis: Leveraging Fault Signature Matrix and Spectrum-Based Fault Localization Similarities | Louise Travé-Massuyès and Franz Wotawa 
  Challenges for Model-Based Diagnosis | Ingo Pill and Johan de Kleer 
  Design Principles for Falsifiable, Replicable and Reproducible Empirical Machine Learning Research | Daniel Vranješ, Jonas Ehrhardt, René Heesch, Lukas Moddemann, Henrik Sebastian Steude and Oliver Niggemann 
  Diagnosing Multi-Agent STRIPS Plans | Avraham Natan, Roni Stern, Meir Kalech, William Yeoh and Tran Cao Son 
  Inferring Sensor Placement Using Critical Pairs and Satisfiability Modulo Theory | Alexander Diedrich, René Heesch, Marco Bozzano, Björn Ludwig, Alessandro Cimatti and Oliver Niggemann 
  Leveraging Answer Set Programming for Continuous Monitoring, Fault Detection, and Explanation of Automated and Autonomous Driving Systems | Lorenz Klampfl and Franz Wotawa 
  Leveraging Causal Information for Multivariate Timeseries Anomaly Detection | Lukas Heppel, Andreas Gerhardus, Ferdinand Rewicki, Jan Deeken and Günther Waxenegger-Wilfing 
  Minimalist Diagnosis of Discrete-Event Systems | Gianfranco Lamperti and Marina Zanella 
  MSO sets and MTES for dummies | Maxence Glotin, Louise Travé-Massuyès and Elodie Chanthery 
  One-Class Classification and Cluster Ensembles for Anomaly Detection and Diagnosis in Multivariate Time Series Data | Adil Mukhtar, Thomas Hirsch and Gerald Schweiger 
  Property Learning-Based Fault Detection for Liquid Propellant Rocket Engine Control Systems | Andrea Urgolo, Ingo Pill, Günther Waxenegger-Wilfing and Manuel Freiberger 
  Quantifying the Sim-To-Real Gap in UAV Disturbance Rejection | Austin Coursey, Marcos Quiñones-Grueiro, Luis Alvarez and Gautam Biswas 
  Real-Time Sensor Fault Detection in Drones: A Correlation-Based Algorithmic Approach | Inbal Roshanski, Magenya Roshanski and Meir Kalech 
  Simulation-Based Diagnosis for Cyber-Physical Systems - A General Approach and Case Study on a Dual Three-Phase E-Machine | David Kaufmann, Franz Wotawa and Matus Kozovsky 
  Accepted short papers:   
 Achieving Complete Structural Test Coverage in Embedded Systems using Trace-based Monitoring | Alexander Weiss, Albert Schulz, Martin Heininger, Martin Sachenbacher, and Martin Leucker 
  Data-Driven Diagnosis of Electrified Vehicles: Results From a Structured Literature Review | Stan Muñoz Gutiérrez, Adil Mukhtar and Franz Wotawa 
  Data-Driven RUL Prediction Using Performance Metrics | Abel Diaz-Gonzalez, Austin Coursey, Marcos Quinones-Grueiro, Chetan S. Kulkarni and Gautam Biswas 
  Detecting Soft Faults in Heat Pumps | Birgit Hofer and Franz Wotawa 
  Diagnosing Non-Intermittent Anomalies in Reinforcement Learning Policy Executions | Avraham Natan, Roni Stern and Meir Kalech 
  Faster Diagnosis with Answer Set Programming | Liliana Marie Prikler and Franz Wotawa 
  FLEX: Fault Localization with Open-Source LLMs in Powertrain Systems | Herbert Mühlburger and Franz Wotawa 
  Hyperplanes Based Zonotopic Contractor | Rahma Bengamra, Soheib Fergani and Carine Jauberthie 
  On a Method to Measure Supervised Multiclass Model’s Interpretability: Application to Degradation Diagnosis | Charles-Maxime Gauriat, Yannick Pencolé, Pauline Ribot and Gregory Brouillet 
  Test Selection for Diagnosing Multimode Systems | Mattias Krysander and Fatemeh Hashemniya 
  Transformer-Based Signal Inference for Electrified Vehicle Powertrains | Stan Muñoz Gutiérrez, Adil Mukhtar and Franz Wotawa 
  Usability of Symbolic Regression for Hybrid System Identification - System Classes and Parameters | Swantje Plambeck, Maximilian Schmidt, Audine Subias, Louise Travé-Massuyès and Goerschwin Fey 
  Using Multi-Modal LLMs to Create Models for Fault Diagnosis | Silke Merkelbach, Alexander Diedrich, Anna Sztyber-Betley, Louise Travé-Massuyès, Elodie Chanthery, Oliver Niggemann and Roman Dumitrescu 
  Accepted journal-/major conference-first papers (extended abstracts):   
 Summary of A Lazy Approach to Neural Numerical Planning with Control Parameters | René Heesch, Alessandro Cimatti, Jonas Ehrhardt, Alexander Diedrich and Oliver Niggemann | The original paper appeared in | 27th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence (ECAI 2024) 
  Summary of Randomized Problem-Relaxation Solving for Over-Constrained Schedules | Patrick Rodler, Erich Teppan and Dietmar Jannach | The original paper appeared in | 18th International Conference on Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning (KR 2021) 
  Summary of Sequence-Oriented Diagnosis of Discrete-Event Systems | Gianfranco Lamperti, Stefano Trerotola, Marina Zanella and Xiangfu Zhao | The original paper appeared in | Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research (JAIR) | , 78, 69-141, 2023 

 x  Thu 5 Dec 11:59    

  DX 2024   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 DX'24    

 Attending  
 Venue: Europahaus Wien Conference and Event Center   
  Registration and Accommodation    
 Sign Up    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

5. Conference e-Science_0:
IEEE eScience  Conference Series    
 Home  Past Conferences  Steering Committee  Advisory Committee      

 IEEE eScience       
   
 Home  Past Conferences  Steering Committee  Advisory Committee      

  Current Conference  
  21st IEEE International Conference on e-Science  
 2025 – Chicago, USA   
   
  What is eScience?  
 We offer two definitions, one long and one short: eScience studies, enacts, and improves the ongoing process of innovation in computationally-intensive or data-intensive research methods; typically this is carried out collaboratively, often using distributed infrastructure. eScience encompasses all fields of research and addresses all stages of the research lifecycle, from formulation of the research questions, through large scale simulations and data analytics, scientific discovery, up to long-term sharing, reusing, and reapplying of the results, data as well as the relevant tools, processes and knowledge. 
  eScience promotes innovation in collaborative, computationally- or data-intensive research across all disciplines, throughout the research lifecycle. 

  @eScience   
 Tweets by eScience    

   Past Conferences  
 21st IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2025 – Chicago, USA   

 20th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2024 – Osaka, Japan  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 30  Full papers submitted: 76  Attendees: 0     
  Proceedings     

 19th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2023 – Limassol, Cyprus  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 40  Full papers submitted: 81  Attendees: 148     
  Proceedings     

 18th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2022 – Utah, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 37  Full papers submitted: 58  Attendees: 180     
  Proceedings     

 17th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2021 – Innsbruck, Austria  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 23  Full papers submitted: 54  Attendees: 170     
  Proceedings     

 16th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2020 – Osaka, Japan  Cancelled due to COVID-19  
  Read the announcement here  .   

 15th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2019 – San Diego, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 25  Full papers submitted: 98  Attendees: 170     
  Proceedings     

 14th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2018 – Amsterdam, Netherlands  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 29  Full papers submitted: 85  Attendees: 470     
  Proceedings     

 13th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2017 – Auckland, New Zealand  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 33  Full papers submitted: 92  Attendees: 120     
  Proceedings     

 12th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2016 – Baltimore, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 30  Full papers submitted: 75  Attendees: ~100     
  Proceedings     

 11th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2015 – Munich, Germany  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 31  Full papers submitted: 123  Attendees: 160     
  Proceedings     

 10th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2014 – Guarujá, Brazil  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 38  Full papers submitted: 101  Attendees: 210     
  Proceedings     

 9th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2013 – Beijing, China  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 41  Full papers submitted: 98  Attendees: 259     
  Proceedings     

 8th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2012 – Chicago, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 48  Full papers submitted: 154  Attendees: ~225     
  Proceedings     

 7th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2011 – Stockholm, Sweden  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 54  Full papers submitted: 110  Attendees: 294     
  Proceedings     

 6th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2010 – Brisbane, Australia  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 44  Full papers submitted: 142  Attendees: 210     
  Proceedings     

 5th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2009 – Oxford, UK  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 51  Full papers submitted: 177  Attendees: 248     
  Proceedings     

 4th IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2008 – Indianapolis, USA  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 60  Full papers submitted: 206  Attendees: 268     
  Proceedings     

 3rd IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2007 – Bangalore, India  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 60  Full papers submitted: 206  Attendees: 200+     
  Proceedings     

 2nd IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2006 – Amsterdam, Netherlands  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 60  Full papers submitted: 106  Attendees: 200+     
  Proceedings     

 1st IEEE International Conference on e-Science    
  2005 – Melbourne, Australia  Statistics  
   Full papers accepted: 54  Full papers submitted: 175  Attendees: 160+     
  Proceedings     

   Steering Committee  
   
  Ilkay Altintas   
  Second term through 2026    
   
  Rosa Badia   
  First term through 2025    
   
  Kris Bubendorfer   
  Third term through 2027    
   
  Kyle Chard   
  Chair  , Third term through 2027    
   
  Rafael Ferreira da Silva   
  First term through 2026    
   
  Rosa Filgueira   
  First term through 2026    
   
  Sandra Gesing   
  First term through 2025    
   
  Daniel S. Katz   
  First term through 2026    
   
  Paul Roe   
  Third term through 2027    
   
  Michela Taufer   
  First term through 2025    

   Advisory Committee  
   
  David Abramson   
  former chair, 2019-2023    
   
  Rajkumar Buyya   

  Ewa Deelman   

  Dave De Roure   

  Ian Foster   

  Geoffrey Fox   

  Tony Hey   

  Nick Jones   

  Dieter Kranzlmüller   

  Erwin Laurie   

  Kai Nan   

  Ron Perrott   
  former chair, 2007-2012    
   
  Peter Sloot   

  Alex Szalay   

  Anne Trefethen   

  Paul Watson   

   eScience Steering Committee Charter  
 eScience Steering Committee Charter (as amended 27 Nov 2019)   
 I. Purpose of the International Conference on eScience (herein known as the eScience Conference)   
 The objective of the eScience Conference is to promote and encourage all aspects of eScience and its associated technologies, applications, and tools.   
 The conference is managed by a standing Steering Committee, a standing Advisory Committee, and for each conference, an Organizing Committee and a Program Committee.  
 II. Sponsorship   
 The Sponsor shall have the right to withdraw from participation in eScience. The Sponsor will provide notice of withdrawal as soon as possible prior to the next eScience, but no later than the publishing of the Call For Papers. Withdrawal shall be effective upon receipt by the Sponsor(s) of written notice of withdrawal. Upon the effective date of withdrawal, all references to the Sponsor shall be deleted from all promotional, advertising and other materials produced for the purpose of distribution in connection with eScience. The withdrawing Sponsor will be liable for its proportionate share of any expenses, losses, and contractual obligations incurred up to the effective date of withdrawal unless a new sponsor agrees to assume all liability for expenses, losses and contractual obligations. The name of the conference belongs to the Sponsor unless released to a new sponsor for continuation.  
 III. The Steering Committee   
 A. Purpose   
 To oversee the long-term planning and success of this conference. The Steering Committee plans for future conferences, evaluates how well each conference has achieved the objectives stated above, and implements improvements to better meet these objectives.  
 The Steering Committee is responsible for the general oversight of and setting policy for the Conference. The Steering Committee is normally responsible for making the major strategic decisions, namely, the appointment of the general chair(s) and program chair(s), selection of dates and locations, major theme, and communication with the sponsor. In addition, the Steering Committee may review and approve the budget before it is sent to the sponsor.  
 More specifically the Steering Committee should  
 Plan future eScience Conferences, 
  Obtain feedback about the eScience Conference for the purpose of improving the conference, 
  Select the General and Program Chairs of future eScience Conferences in response to the submitted proposals, 
  Select the sites and dates for future eScience Conferences, in response to the submitted proposals, 
  Assist in the appointment of other positions in the Program Committee. 
  Monitor the progress of future eScience Conferences, and act if needed to prevent problems that would seriously affect the reputation of the conference. 
  B. Steering Committee Chairperson   
 The Chair of the Steering Committee shall be elected from among the Steering Committee members for a term of no more than three years. The same Chair can be elected for one additional term. After finishing his/her term, the Chair must leave the Steering Committee for a minimum period of two years before becoming eligible to serve on the Steering Committee again.  
 C. Steering Committee Secretary   
 The Secretary of the Steering Committee shall be elected from among the Steering Committee members for a term of no more than three years. The same Secretary can be elected for one additional term. After finishing his/her term, the Secretary must leave the Steering Committee for a minimum period of two years before becoming eligible to serve on the Steering Committee again. In the absence of a Steering Committee Secretary, the Steering Committee chair shall keep meeting minutes.  
 D. Steering Committee Members   
 The current Steering Committee members in the meeting held at each year’s eScience Conference shall select new members of the Steering Committee. The committee membership is open to all participants of any eScience Conference who have significant experience in the operation of conferences (such as serving as General and/or Program Chairs of past conferences). Any participant interested to serve should indicate their interest to the Steering Committee Chair. The term of office of each member is 3 years, renewable twice for another term of 3 years. After serving 3 terms, a Steering Committee member must be off the Steering Committee for a minimum period of two years before becoming eligible to serve again. (Initial terms will be staggered to insure continuity on the committee). The newly elected members of the Steering Committee take office as soon as the meeting in which they were elected is over.  
 E. Voting Rights   
 During meetings of the Steering Committee, each member shall have one vote  . A quorum both for face-to-face meetings and for email or phone meetings will be a majority (greater than 50%) of the number of members of the Steering Committee. Written proxies may be submitted by electronic or surface post to the secretary or the chair of the Steering Committee. Steering Committee members will be informed sufficiently in advance of any known motions to be voted on during a forthcoming meeting. The chair has the deciding vote in cases of tied votes.  
 F. Steering Committee Meetings   
 A Steering Committee meeting must be held at each eScience. If necessary, interim meetings can be called by the Steering Committee Chair or by a simple majority of the members and can also be held by electronic mail or by other means.  
 Steering Committee members are expected to attend the Steering Committee meeting at each eScience. Members who miss two consecutive meetings at eScience without giving sufficient cause are considered withdrawn from the Committee, subject to review by the Steering Committee.  
 The secretary or another member of the Steering Committee designated by the Chair will take minutes. The Chair and Secretary will both maintain minutes of the past Steering Committee meetings.  
 III. The Advisory Committee   
 A. Purpose   
 To contribute to the long-term planning and success of this conference. The Advisory Committee provides advice to the Steering Committee. It works with the Steering Committee to plan for future conferences evaluate how well each conference has achieved the objectives stated above, and implement improvements to better meet these objectives.  
 B. Advisory Committee Members   
 When a Steering Committee member completes a term of service on the Steering Committee, if that member so desires, he or she can become a member of the Advisory Committee. Advisory Committee membership continues until the member resigns, or a majority of the Steering Committee votes for the Advisory Committee members’ membership to cease.  
 C. Voting Rights   
 Advisory Committee members may participate in discussions with the Steering Committee, but do not vote.  
 IV. Constituting a Conference   
 The Steering Committee obtains, through open and informal solicitations, proposals for: conference locations names of individuals who are suitable to serve as General Chair(s), individuals who are suitable to serve as Program Chair(s), and other organizational issues. Individuals or institutions interested to propose and organize a future eScience should follow the steps listed below.  
 A.  Written proposals for the conference should be sent to the Chair of the Steering Committee significantly before the proposed conference date. The decision on the conference will generally be made at least 24 months before the proposed date.  
 B.  Proposals shall list facilities, venue, proposed management, budgets and financial arrangements, a brief summary of the conference structure, a draft of a preliminary call for papers, and any other information required by the Steering Committee. In particular, the scheduling of any other potentially conflicting meetings within several months before or after the proposed meeting date must be evaluated as part of the proposal.  
 C.  Those wishing to host a future eScience Conference should make their intentions known sufficiently in advance of the proposed date (e.g. 30 months) so that any information required by the Steering Committee can be obtained in a timely manner, and other activities can be integrated into a program of interest to all.  
 D.  The Steering Committee reviews proposals and may seek advise from anonymous reviewers. If the evaluation is positive, the Steering Committee will tentatively accept the proposal, and the proposer(s) will be asked to prepare a detailed budget using the IEEE CS appropriate forms (TMRF) and submit the form to the Steering Committee Chair at least 15 months before the proposed conference date. After approval by the Steering Committee it will be passed to the Society. The IEEE Computer Society will make final approval of the TMRF.  

  2005-2024  eScience Conference Series    

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

6. Conference e-Science_1:
Socialist Republic of Vietnam    Choose your Country/Region  

 Asia   
   
  China    
  India    
  Japan    
  South Korea    
   
  Malaysia    
  Taiwan, China    
  United Arab Emirates    
  Indonesia    
   
  Hong Kong, China    
  Singapore    
  Thailand    
  Turkey    

 America   
   
  United States    
  Canada    
  Brazil    
  Argentina    
   
  Mexico    
  Colombia    
  Chile    
  Peru    
   
  Guatemala    

 Europe   
   
  Italy    
  United Kingdom    
  France    
  Germany    
   
  Spain    
  Portugal    
  Austria    
  Poland    
   
  Greece    
  Russian Federation    
  Czech Republic    
  Switzerland    
   
  Netherlands    
  Sweden    
  Romania    
  Hungary    
   
  Belgium    
  Ukraine    
  Ireland    
  Croatia    
   
  Finland    
  Denmark    
  Cyprus    
  Serbia    
   
  Slovakia    
  Norway    
  Bulgaria    
  Iceland    

 Oceania   
   
  Australia    
  New Zealand    
  Fiji    

 Africa   
   
  South Africa    
  Tunisia    
  Morocco    
  Egypt    

 Product | Software 
  Webinar 
  Video conference 
  Virtual conference 
  Institution Edition 
  Discover | Subject category 
  Conference in Socialist Republic of Vietnam 
  Contribution library 
  Browse by venue 
  Services 
         
 Create an event  Lecture    
   
 Meeting/Workshop/Tutorials    
   
 Conference    

 Log in  Sign up    

 2025 IEEE International Conference on e-Science ( e-Science)  
   
 Sep. 15 - 19, 2025  
 Chicago · United States  
   
 Conference  Offline Conference    
  0  Views   
  0  Comments   
 Favorite    
  Share    

 Introduction  
   
 IEEE eScience 2025 brings together leading interdisciplinary research communities, developers and users of eScience applications and enabling IT technologies. The objective of the eScience Conference is to promote and encourage all aspects of eScience and its associated technologies, applications, algorithms and tools with a strong focus on practical solutions and challenges. eScience 2024 interprets eScience in its broadest meaning that enables and improves innovation in data- and compute-intensive research across all domain sciences ranging from traditional areas in physics and earth sciences to more recent fields such as social sciences, arts and humanities, and artificial intelligence for a wide variety of target architectures including HPC, cloud and IoT infrastructures.  

 Call for paper  
   
 Important date  
 2025-05-01   
 Draft paper submission deadline   

 Submit Comment  

 Verify Code     Change Another   Submit    

 All Comments  

 Submission Template  
 ×    
  Paper Template  
  Paper Template  

 Home 
  Program 
  Timetable 
  Abstract List 
  Presentation 
  Shop 
  Photo 
  Review 
  Management 
    
 Important Date  
   
 Conference Date | Sep 15  
 2025  
  to  Sep 19  
 2025 
  May 01  2025 | Draft paper submission deadline 
  Sep 19  2025 | Registration deadline 

 Sponsored By  
   
 IEEE Computer Society   
   
 Organized By  
   
 IEEE Computer Society   
   
 Contact Information  
   
 an******@iit.edu 
  Login to view full contact details    

 Website  
   
 https://conference-api.ieee.org/conf/details?id=65000    

 Previous Conferences  
   
 2023-10-09 Cyprus Limassol | 2023 IEEE 19th International Conference on e-Science 
  2022-10-11 United States Salt Lake City | 2022 IEEE 18th International Conference on e-Science 
  2018-10-29 Netherlands | 2018 IEEE 14th International Conference on e-Science 
  2017-10-24 New Zealand Auckland | 2017 IEEE 13th International Conference on e-Science 
  2016-10-23 United States Baltimore,USA | 2016 IEEE 12th International Conference on e-Science 
  2014-10-20 Brazil | 2014 IEEE 10th International Conference on e-Science 

 Contact Information  
 ×    

 OK    

 Tips  
 ×    
 Coming soon to a third-party domain  
 You are about to access a third-party domain, please be aware of the security of your account and property.   
 https://https://conference-api.ieee.org/conf/details?id=65000   

 Continue to visit    

 About Us  |  News  |  Blog  |  Feedback  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Service  |  Cancellation Policy  |  Contact   
 Copyright © 2013-2021 Aconf.org  - One-stop solutions for academic events   
 鄂ICP备09016152号-4   

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

7. Conference e-Science_2:
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

8. Conference DX_2:
Toggle navigation        
 Sign in 
  Sign up 

 APSEC 2024  
 China  
 Tue 3 - Fri 6 December 2024  

 SIGCSE Virtual 2024  
  
 Thu 5 - Sun 8 December 2024  

 POPL 2025  
 Denver, Colorado, United States  
 Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2025  
   
    Photo by https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:R0uge     

 ISEC 2025  
 Kurukshetra , India  
 Thu 20 - Sat 22 February 2025  
   
    Photo by NITKKR    

 SIGCSE TS 2025  
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States  
 Wed 26 February - Sat 1 March 2025  

 CC 2025  
  
 Sat 1 - Sun 2 March 2025  

 CGO 2025  
 Las Vegas, Nevada, United States  
 Sat 1 - Wed 5 March 2025  
   
  Photo by Grant Cai     

 PPoPP 2025  
 Las Vegas, Nevada, United States  
 Sat 1 - Wed 5 March 2025  

 SANER 2025  
 Montréal, Québec, Canada  
 Tue 4 - Fri 7 March 2025  

 ICSA 2025  
 Odense, Denmark  
 Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025  

 ICST 2025  
 Naples, Italy  
 Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025  
   
    Photo by Hervé Simon     

 FSEN 2025  
 Västerås, Sweden  
 Mon 7 - Tue 8 April 2025  

 REFSQ 2025  
 Barcelona, Spain  
 Mon 7 - Thu 10 April 2025  

 ICSE 2025  
 Ottawa, Ontario, Canada  
 Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025  
   
    Photo by Timothy Lethbridge    

 CIbSE 2025  
 Ciudad Real, Spain  
 Mon 12 - Fri 16 May 2025  

 XP 2025  
 Brugg - Windisch, Switzerland  
 Mon 2 - Thu 5 June 2025  

 ‹Programming› 2025  
 Prague, Czechia  
 Mon 2 - Fri 6 June 2025  
   
    Photo by Tomas Petricek    

 STAF 2025  
 Koblenz, Germany  
 Tue 10 - Fri 13 June 2025  

 ICT4S 2025  
 Dublin, Ireland  
 Mon 9 - Fri 13 June 2025  

 EASE 2025  
 Istanbul, Turkey  
 Tue 17 - Fri 20 June 2025  

 PLDI 2025  
 Seoul, South Korea  
 Mon 16 - Fri 20 June 2025  

 FSE 2025  
 Trondheim, Norway  
 Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025  

 ISSTA 2025  
 Trondheim, Norway  
 Wed 25 - Sat 28 June 2025  
   
    Photo by Mykola Ksenofontov / Visit Trondheim     

 ECOOP 2025  
 Bergen, Norway  
 Mon 30 June - Fri 4 July 2025  
   
    Photo by Diego Delso     

 CISOSE 2025  
 Tucson, Arizona, United States  
 Mon 21 - Thu 24 July 2025  

 IEEE SMC-IT/SCC 2025  
 Los Angeles, California, United States  
 Mon 28 July - Fri 1 August 2025  

 ICER 2025  
 Charlottesville, Virginia, United States  
 Sun 3 - Wed 6 August 2025  

 Requirements Engineering 2025  
 Valencia, Spain  
 Mon 1 - Fri 5 September 2025  
   
    Photo by Jcca76     

 ICSME 2025  
 Auckland, New Zealand  
 Mon 8 - Sat 13 September 2025  

 ECSA 2025  
 Limassol, Cyprus  
 Mon 15 - Fri 19 September 2025  

 ECBS 2025  
 Ilmenau  
 Tue 30 September - Wed 1 October 2025  
   
  Photo by Detlef Streitferdt    

 ACSOS 2025  
 Tokyo, Japan  
 Mon 29 September - Fri 3 October 2025  

 Raleigh, North Carolina, United States  
 Mon 6 - Fri 10 October 2025  

 ICFP/SPLASH 2025  
 Singapore  
 Sun 12 - Sat 18 October 2025  

 APLAS 2025  
 Bengaluru, India  
 Mon 27 - Thu 30 October 2025  

 ASE 2025  
 Seoul, South Korea  
 Sun 16 - Thu 20 November 2025  

 Conferences  / Series  / Submission Dates  / Blogs    
 This overview only lists conferences that use the conf.researchr.org CMS.   
   
  Use '|' to match multiple|terms.    
  Showing:      

 Series | Latest Edition 
 VL/HCC | Mon 6 - Fri 10 October 2025   
  Raleigh, North Carolina, United States   Welcome to the website of the VL/HCC 2025 conference. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon! 
 2030 Software Engineering | 2030 Software Engineering 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   The landscape of software engineering has dramatically changed. The SE Atelier – Software Engineering in 2030 Workshop provides a forum to discuss the recent changes in software engineering, share a vision of the future evolution of software engineering, and refine the initial roadmap that emerged from the discussion at SE 2030 Software Engineering Roadmap Workshop (SEN Software Engineering Notes, The Trailer of ... 
 Blockchain Software Engineering | 3rd Blockchain Software Engineering Workshop  (with EASE 2022)  Mon 13 - Wed 15 June 2022   
  Göteborg, Sweden   Blockchain technologies are rapidly evolving and have been applied to diverse domains such as finance, supply chains and logistics, industry 4.0, energy, smart cities, and health care. Many governments have listed blockchain technology as a key enabler of their future economy, together with AI and machine learning, and are actively promoting blockchain adoption through various grants and pilots. Consequently, we ... 
 A-MOST | A-MOST 2025  (with ICST 2025)  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   The 21th Workshop on Advances in Model Based Testing (A-MOST 2025), co-located with the 18th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST 2025), will be a physical event and will take place in March/April 2025. Topics of interest The increasing complexity, criticality and pervasiveness of software results in new challenges for testing. Model Based Testing (MBT) continues ... 
 A-Mobile | A-Mobile 2019  (with ASE 2019)  Mon 11 Nov 2019   
  San Diego, California, United States   Mobile apps have penetrated into our daily life for a longtime, providing an unprecedented convenience for their users.A massive number of talents and engineers have been involved in the mobile industry to improve its ecosystem from many aspects. For example, security specialists aim to find potential vulnerabilities and malware to protect the mobile ecosystem from attacks. Software architects propose tons of tec ... 
 A-TEST | A-TEST 2025  (with ICST 2025)  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   The proposed 16th edition of the Workshop on Automated Testing (A-TEST) extends the previous editions of the A-TEST workshops (previously titled Workshop on Automated Test Execution) by joining with another well-known workshop that focuses on similar topics, i.e, INTUITESTBEDS (International Workshop on User Interface Test Automation and Testing Techniques for Event-Based Software). This unified event combines th ... 
 ACM Interactive Surfaces and Spaces (ISS) | ACM ISS 2024  Sun 27 - Wed 30 October 2024   
    Welcome! Welcome to the 2024 ACM Interactive Surfaces and Spaces Conference (ACM ISS 2024). The event will take place 27-30 October 2024 in Vancouver, BC, Canada. The venue will be UBC Robson Campus. ACM Interactive Surfaces and Spaces (ISS) is the premier academic venue for research in the design, development, and use of new and emerging interactive surface technologies and interactive spaces. We are working ha ... 
 ACSOS | ACSOS 2025  Mon 29 September - Fri 3 October 2025   
  Tokyo, Japan   We are happy to announce that the fifth edition of the International Conference on Autonomic Computing and Self-Organizing Systems (ACSOS) will take place in Tokyo, Japan from September 29th to October 03rd, 2025. The International Conference on Autonomic Computing and Self-Organizing Systems (ACSOS) is the leading forum to share the latest research results, ideas and experiences in autonomic computing, self-ada ... 
 ADEIRA | ADEIRA 2021  (with ‹Programming› 2021)  Fri 31 Dec 2021   
  Online, United Kingdom   We invite all people interested in reproducers, automatic bug fixing, automatic error impact reporting to submit their papers for presentation at the workshop. In recent years, there was a significant progress in automatic generation of reproducible test cases, automatic estimation of result accuracy in presence of errors, automatic bug fixing approaches. We will look for cross-pollination between different pla ... 
 ADSL | ADSL 2020  (with POPL 2020)  Mon 20 Jan 2020   
  New Orleans, Louisiana, United States   In recent times, the verification of heap-manipulating programs, and static analyses in particular, has seen substantial success, largely due to the development of ‘Separation Logics’ (SLs). SLs provide embedded support for ‘local reasoning’: reasoning about the resource(s) being modified, instead of the state of the entire system. This form of reasoning is enabled by new syntax (dedicated atomic proposition and ... 
 AGERE | AGERE 2021  (with SPLASH 2021)  Sun 17 - Fri 22 October 2021   
  Chicago, Illinois, United States   The AGERE! workshop is aimed at focusing on programming systems, languages and applications based on actors, active/concurrent objects, agents and—more generally—on high-level programming paradigms which promote decentralized control in solving problems and developing software. The workshop is intended to cover both the theory and the practice of design and programming, bringing together researchers working on m ... 
 AI IDE | AI IDE 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Wed 31 Dec 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   The 1st International Workshop on Artificial Intelligence for Integrated Development Environments (AI-IDE) aims to bring together academic researchers and industry practitioners to explore the latest advancements in AI-powered IDEs. With the rapid evolution of intelligent programming assistants and LLM-based agents, there is a pressing need to discuss design methodologies, integration strategies, and the future t ... 
 AI native Enterprises | AI native Enterprises 2021  Wed 24 Nov 2021   
    Enterprises of the future will be complex system of systems of socio-cyber-physical actors, that operate in dynamic and uncertain environments. They will need to continue delivering on their goals in the face of unforeseen changes and events (such as global pandemics) along multiple dimensions. The goals they aim to meet are also likely to evolve rapidly as enterprises look to exploit opportunities as they emerge ... 
 AI-SDLC | AI-SDLC 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 AI-SEPS | AI-SEPS 2019  (with SPLASH 2019)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2019   
  Athens, Greece   The 6th ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on AI-Inspired and Empirical Methods for Software Engineering on Parallel Computing Systems (AI-SEPS) (Co-located with SPLASH 2019 as an ACM SIGPLAN-approved workshop) The purpose of this workshop is to provide a stable forum for researchers and practitioners dealing with compelling challenges and issues of the software development life cycle on modern parallel platform ... 
 AI-assisted Code Companion Workshop | AI-assisted Code Companion Workshop 2022  (with ESEC/FSE 2022)  Mon 14 - Fri 18 November 2022   
  Singapore   AI-Assisted Code Companion Workshop 2022 9:00am – 6:00pm, Thursday, November 17 Ngee Ann Kongsi Auditorium @ Education Resource Centre, NUS U-Town, Singapore In this workshop, you are going to build a full-fledged, event-driven, serverless application for image recognition using AI-powered coding companion. With the aid of Amazon CodeWhisperer, you’ll write your own code that runs on top of AWS Lambda to inter ... 
 AI4SE | AI4SE@STAF 2023  (with STAF 2023)  Fri 21 Jul 2023   
  Leicester, United Kingdom   Much of today’s business runs on software, depends on IT systems and data to perform their daily operations, innovate, and grow. For many companies, the lack of software products that meet their specific needs is a major obstacle to their development. Software Engineering (SE) as a discipline aims at making software development an efficient, reliable, and predictable engineering process. AI is increasingly part ... 
 AIM | AIM XXXVII  (with APLAS 2023)  Mon 20 - Sat 25 November 2023   
  Taipei, Taiwan   The Agda Implementors’ Meeting is a meeting for users and developers who are interested in the Agda programming language and its related topics to share their work, exchange ideas, and learn about the latest developments in Agda and related areas. Whether you are an experienced Agda user or just getting started, we invite you to join us. The meeting consists of presentations concerning theory, implementatio ... 
 AIOps | AIOps 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 AIST | AIST 2025  (with ICST 2025)  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   The integration of AI techniques in the domain of software testing represents a promising frontier, one that is still at the dawn of its potential. Over the past few years, software developers have witnessed a surge in innovative approaches aimed at streamlining the development lifecycle, with a particular focus on the testing phase. These approaches harness the capabilities of AI, including Convolutional Neu ... 
 AISTA | AISTA 2022  (with ISSTA 2022)  Mon 18 - Fri 22 July 2022   
  Online   Artificial Intelligence (AI) has achieved substantial success in enhancing various software testing and program analysis techniques and applications, including but not limited to static analysis, fuzz testing, GUI testing, vulnerability detection, code similarity analysis, software debloating, and patching. We often see a synergistic effect that AI models, by learning from past experience to make decisions, can n ... 
 AIware | AIware 2024  (with FSE 2024)  Mon 15 - Tue 16 July 2024   
  Porto de Galinhas, Brazil, Brazil   “Software for all and by all” is the future of humanity. AIware, i.e., AI-powered software, has the potential to democratize software creation. We must reimagine software and software engineering (SE), enabling individuals of all backgrounds to participate in its creation with higher reliability and quality. Over the past decade, software has evolved from human-driven Codeware to the first generation of AIware, k ... 
 AOOPES | AOOPES 2011  (with SPLASH 2011)  Sat 22 - Thu 27 October 2011   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   AGILE AND OBJECT ORIENTED PRACTICES IN EMBEDDED SYSTEMS Embedded systems are the most prevalent of all computer systems in the world. More than 99% of all computer/microcontroller products that are sold each year are single purpose embedded systems rather than workstations, desktops, laptops, or server systems. This workshop will gather embedded systems programmers and engineers to discuss how Agile and object o ... 
 AORTA | AORTA 2019  (with ECOOP 2019)  Mon 15 - Fri 19 July 2019   
  Hammersmith, London, United Kingdom   Modern language runtimes are complex, dynamic environments that involve a myriad of components that must work cooperatively to achieve optimal functional and performance requirements of a given programming language. Typical core runtime technologies include dynamic just-in-time compilers for performance and hardware exploitation, garbage collectors for object management, platform abstraction interfaces for ease o ... 
 Aspect Oriented Strategies for Domain Modelling | AOSDM 2016  (with Modularity 2016 )  Mon 14 - Thu 17 March 2016   
  Spain   WORKSHOP CANCELLED The First International Aspect Oriented Strategies for Domain Modelling (AOSDM16) workshop provides a forum to discuss the possible applications of aspect oriented techniques to domain modelling and management. Domain modelling is a well-known practice to capture the essential semantic of a rich domain. It covers the processing and checking of domain constraints. Both of them that can ideally ... 
 APLAS | APLAS 2025  Mon 27 - Thu 30 October 2025   
  Bengaluru, India   Welcome to the website of the APLAS 2025 conference. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon! 
 APR | APR 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 APSEC | APSEC 2024  Tue 3 - Fri 6 December 2024   
  China   The Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference (APSEC) has long been established as a leading regional conference that gathers researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to exchange knowledge and best practices in software engineering, and to address emerging challenges and solutions in software engineering innovation. This year’s APSEC will be held on December 3-6, 2024 in Chongqing ... 
 ARPL | ARPL 2023  (with ‹Programming› 2023)  Mon 13 Mar 2023   
  Tokyo, Japan   APL, developed in early 1960s, is still used, especially in finance. More felt is its influence on algebra of programming (via FP) and on Matlab. Started as a notation for a (tensor) algebra course, APL lets us look at computation from a vantage point, discern patterns of data flow and put them into words. APL was developed when parsing technology and the art and science of programming language design were just ... 
 ARRAY | ARRAY 2024  (with PLDI 2024)  Tue 25 Jun 2024   
  Copenhagen, Denmark   The workshop is on June 25th in room “Stockholm”. Array-oriented programming unites two uncommon properties. As an abstraction, it directly mirrors high-level mathematical concepts commonly used in many fields from natural sciences over engineering to financial modeling. As a language feature, it exposes regular control flow, exhibits structured data dependencies, and lends itself to many types of program analys ... 
 ASA | ASA 2023  (with PLDI 2023)  Sat 17 Jun 2023   
  Orlando, Florida, United States   Workshop on AI and Static Analysis (ASA) AI has achieved ground breaking success in various domains such as speech, vision, and natural language processing. Inspired by this success many researchers and developers have started to explore leveraging AI in various software development areas (AI for code). While many aspects of this area has been explored, the success of statis analysis in identifying various softw ... 
 ASE | ASE 2025  Sun 16 - Thu 20 November 2025   
  Seoul, South Korea   Welcome to the website of the 40th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software engineering, ASE 2025. The ASE conference is the premier research forum for Automated Software Engineering. Each year, it brings together researchers and practitioners from academia and industry to discuss foundations, techniques, and tools for automating the analysis, design, implementation, testing, and maintenance of lar ... 
 AST | AST 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   The 6th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Automation of Software Test (AST 2025) Software pervasiveness in both industry and digital society, as well as the proliferation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies are continuously leading to emerging needs from both software producers and consumers. Infrastructures, software components, and applications aim to hide their increasing complexity in order to ap ... 
 Ada Workshop | Ada Workshop  (with ESEC/FSE 2022)  Mon 14 - Fri 18 November 2022   
  Singapore   Ada Workshop at ESEC/FSE 2022 9:00am – 6:00pm, Thursday, November 17 Ngee Ann Kongsi Auditorium @ Education Resource Centre (Level 2), NUS University Town, Singapore Ada workshop is named after the first computer programmer—Ada Lovelace. The objective of the workshop is to provide a forum for female and minority students at the graduate and advanced undergraduate levels who have interests in software engineeri ... 
 Agile MDE | Agile MDE 2024  (with STAF 2024)  Wed 10 Jul 2024   
  Enschede, Netherlands   The workshop will serve as a platform for the presentation and discussion of cutting-edge work in agile Model-Driven Engineering (MDE), drawing from both industrial practice and academic research. Its objectives are to: Facilitate the exchange of insights between practitioners and researchers regarding the challenges and potential solutions in agile MDE approaches. Identify successful strategies and key fac ... 
 Ally Skills | Ally Skills@PLDI2020  (with PLDI 2020)  Thu 31 Dec 2020   
    “Allies” are people who support a group who are commonly the subject of discrimination or prejudice, but who are not members of that group. The Ally Skills workshop teaches simple everyday ways for allies to use their privilege and influence to support people who are targets of systemic oppression in their workplaces and communities. This includes women of all races, people of color, people with disabilities, LG ... 
 BAPL | BAPL 2020  (with PLDI 2020)  Thu 31 Dec 2020   
    BAPL workshop cancelled Due to the on-going Covid-19 pandemic, we are sad to announce that BAPL 2020 has been cancelled. We are grateful to the authors who submitted talk abstracts despite the uncertainty, and we will provide feedback on every submission. We hope to organise the first BAPL workshop at the next PLDI conference. Software building is an unloved but unavoidable part of the software engineering pr ... 
 BCNC | BCNC 2021  (with SPLASH 2021)  Sun 17 - Fri 22 October 2021   
  Chicago, Illinois, United States   The first international workshop on “Beyond Code: No Code,” (BCNC 2021) targets one of the most engaging topics currently spanning the software engineering community. The No Code movement is making its way through all industries, saving time, empowering workers, and creating new possibilities. No Code is changing the software industry by accelerating development and opening up opportunities for less tech-savvy i ... 
 BCRA | BCRA 2024  Fri 26 - Sat 27 July 2024   
  Hangzhou, China   Welcome to the website of the International Conference on Blockchain Research and Applications (BCRA 2024). BCRA 2024 provides a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss the advanced applications, technologies, and theories in blockchain research. Blockchain is a decentralized and distributed ledger technology that enables the secure and transparent recording of transactions across a network of comput ... 
 BEAT | BEAT 2019  (with POPL 2019)  Sun 13 - Sat 19 January 2019   
  Cascais, Portugal   Behavioural types are abstract representations of the sequences of operations that computational entities (say, channels) must perform. Stateful entities offer services in a non-uniform way (one cannot pop from an empty stack); traditional type systems cannot guarantee that operations are only invoked when the entity is in the right state. Context Large-scale software systems rely on message-passing protocols: ... 
 BEHAPI | BEHAPI 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   APIs are software interfaces describing the services, functions or procedures offered by a software component to other components. Behavioural Types are a suite of technologies that elevate flat API descriptions to graph structures describing the intended order of usage. This permits automated analyses for correct API compositions to provide guarantees such as service compliance, deadlock freedom, dynamic adaptat ... 
 BI4LLMC | BI4LLMC 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 BLDL | BLDL-15  Tue 26 - Wed 27 November 2024   
  Bergen, Norway   Bergen Language Design Laboratory (BLDL) is dedicated to experimenting with software concepts and providing these as tool-supported language constructs. Such experiments require both language tools and a formal basis for the constructs, with the latter significantly simplifying the former. Language experimentation is crucial for refining ideas for software concepts, and it also provides the means for gaining prac ... 
 BLOCKS+ | BLOCKS+ 2018  (with SPLASH 2018)  Sun 4 - Fri 9 November 2018   
  Boston, Massachusetts, United States   Blocks programming, in which program syntax trees are represented as visual blocks, is popular in programming environments targeted at beginner programmers and casual programmers. The goal of this workshop is to bring together language designers, educators, and researchers to (1) discuss the state of the art of these environments, (2) assess the usability and effectiveness of these environments and their associat ... 
 BenchWork | BenchWork 2019  (with ECOOP 2019)  Mon 15 - Fri 19 July 2019   
  Hammersmith, London, United Kingdom   Reproducible experiments are an important pillar of well-founded research. Having benchmarks that are publicly available and representative of real-world applications is an important step towards that; it allows us to measure the results of a tool in terms of its precision, recall and overall accuracy. Having such benchmarks is different from having a corpus of programs—a benchmark needs to have labelled data tha ... 
 BoKSS | BoKSS 2021  (with ICSE 2021)  Tue 1 - Wed 2 June 2021   
    Workshop webpage Available at https://bokss.github.io/bokss2021/ &nbsp; 
 BotSE | BotSE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   International Workshop on Bots in Software Engineering (BotSE) Bots (short for software robots) are software applications that perform often repetitive or simple tasks. In particular, social and chatbots interacting with humans are a recent research topic. Similarly, bots can be used to automate many tasks that are performed by software practitioners and teams in their day-to-day work. Recent work argues that bo ... 
 Salon (<2019: Salon des Refusés) | Boxer Salon 2022  (with ‹Programming› 2022)  Mon 21 - Fri 25 March 2022   
    Continuing the Salon des Refusés and Convivial Computing Salon tracks from previous years, the Committee is pleased to announce a Boxer-themed workshop to be hosted at &lt;Programming&gt; 2022. Boxer, initiated by Andy diSessa and Hal Abelson as a breakaway from the Logo programming group at MIT in 1978, is arguably the world’s greatest success in creating a malleable, reconstructible, convivial computing mediu ... 
 Bidirectional Transformations (bx) | Bx 2018  (with ‹Programming› 2018)  Mon 9 - Thu 12 April 2018   
  Nice, France   Bidirectional transformations (bx) are a mechanism for maintaining the consistency of at least two related sources of information. Such sources can be relational databases, software models and code, or any other document following standard or ad-hoc formats. Bx are an emerging topic in a wide range of research areas, with prominent presence at top conferences in several different fields (namely databases, program ... 
 C&ESAR | C&ESAR 2021: Automation in Cybersecurity  Tue 16 - Wed 17 November 2021   
  Rennes, France   Every year since 1997, the French Ministry of Defense organizes a cybersecurity conference, called C&amp;ESAR. This conference is now one of the main events of the European Cyber Week (ECW) organized every fall in Rennes, Brittany, France. The goal of C&amp;ESAR is to bring together governmental, industrial, and academic stakeholders interested in cybersecurity. This event, both educational and scientific, gathe ... 
 CAIN | CAIN 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sun 27 - Mon 28 April 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   Welcome to CAIN 2025 — 4th International Conference on AI Engineering – Software Engineering for AI Co-located with ICSE 2025 April 27-28th, 2025 The CAIN Conference Series aims to bring together researchers and practitioners in software engineering, data science, and artificial intelligence (AI) as part of a growing community targeting the challenges of Software Engineering for AI-enabled systems. In the ... 
 CAKC | CAKC 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   Most mainstream programming languages now offer the async-await mechanism or coroutines abstraction for asynchronous programming. Kotlin stands out with coroutines that occupy a unique spot in the overall language design, using a single suspend modifier at the language level. Kotlin Coroutines are massively adopted by the Kotlin user base, being a recommended solution to concurrency in Android programming and off ... 
 CC | CC 2025  Sat 1 - Sun 2 March 2025   
    Co-located with PPoPP, CGO and HPCA - The International Conference on Compiler Construction (CC) is interested in work on processing programs in the most general sense: analyzing, transforming or executing input that describes how a system operates, including traditional compiler construction as a special case. CC is an ACM SIGPLAN conference, and implements guidelines and procedures recommended by SIGPLAN. 
 CCIW | CCIW 2025  (with ICST 2025)  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) are increasingly widespread throughout the technology sector. As large engineering organizations adopt CI/CD they are often met with scalability challenges. What works for small teams has not proven to work for large teams. This workshop invites practitioners and academics to come together and informally discuss the challenges and opportunities in build, te ... 
 CGO | CGO 2025  Sat 1 - Wed 5 March 2025   
  Las Vegas, Nevada, United States   The International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO) provides a premier venue to bring together researchers and practitioners working at the interface of hardware and software on a wide range of optimization and code generation techniques and related issues. The conference spans the spectrum from purely static to fully dynamic approaches, and from pure software-based methods to specific architect ... 
 CHASE | CHASE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sun 27 - Mon 28 April 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   CHASE is the premier venue for research on cooperative and human aspects of software engineering. Since 2008, the CHASE conference has provided a forum to discuss research results long before “human values” started to draw attention in the mainstream software engineering community, including empirical findings, theoretical models, and research methods and tools for studying human and cooperative aspects in softwa ... 
 CHESE | CHESE 2017  (with SPLASH 2017)  Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2017   
  Vancouver, Canada   Status Update CHESE 2017 has been cancelled due to insufficient number of submissions. The 3rd International Coding and Human aspects of Educational Software Engineering Workshop (CHESE 2017) Two of the backbones of software engineering are programming and testing. Both of these require many hours of practice to acquire mastery. To encourage students to put in these hours of practice, educators often employ th ... 
 CHIUW | CHIUW 2019  (with PLDI 2019)  Sat 22 - Wed 26 June 2019   
  Phoenix, Arizona, United States   CHIUW 2019 is the sixth annual Chapel Implementers and Users Workshop, held in conjunction with PLDI 2019 and ACM FCRC 2019, and sponsored by ACM SIGPLAN. CHIUW’s goal is to serve as a forum where users and developers of the Chapel language (https://chapel-lang.org) can gather to exchange ideas and report on work being done with Chapel and in support of it. Anyone is welcome to attend, from long-term Chapel enthu ... 
 CISOSE | CISOSE 2025  Mon 21 - Thu 24 July 2025   
  Tucson, Arizona, United States   The IEEE International Congress on Intelligent and Service-Oriented Systems Engineering (CISOSE) is the premier event on service-oriented systems and the practices involving these systems. Technology has the power to do many things, and changing the world is one of them. Innovations and new technologies are changing the daily lives of each and every one of us. Many things that were mere visions of the future yest ... 
 CIbSE | CIbSE 2025  Mon 12 - Fri 16 May 2025   
  Ciudad Real, Spain   &nbsp; CIbSE is the leading Software Engineering research forum in Ibero-America. The main objective of this conference is to promote high quality scientific research in Iberoamerican countries and, thus, to support researchers in this community in the publication and discussion of their work. In addition, the conference fosters collaboration and scientific production between academics, students and practitioner ... 
 CONFLANG | CONFLANG 2023  (with SPLASH 2023)  Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2023   
  Cascais, Portugal   CONFLANG is a workshop on the design, the theory, the practice and the future evolution of configuration languages. Build systems, package managers, operating systems, cloud infrastructures, and web services are examples of modern complex software systems that require an extensive and non-trivial configuration in order to make them adapted to each different use-case. To manage the growing complexity that is then ... 
 COOMP | COOMP 2011  (with SPLASH 2011)  Sat 22 - Thu 27 October 2011   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   COMBINED OBJECT-ORIENTED MODELING AND PROGRAMMING Languages for modeling and programming are diverging, with the implication that developers who would like to model end up with the challenge of maintaining both model and program artifacts. In addition, modeling is hampered by poor tool support compared to programming. The trend in programming languages is that less attention is paid to the fact that programming ... 
 COP | COP 2023  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2023)  Sun 31 Dec 2023   
  Seattle (University of Washington campus), Washington, United States   COP 2023: The 15th ACM International Workshop on Context-Oriented Programming and Advanced Modularity Contextual information plays an ever-increasing role in our information-centric world. Current-day software systems adapt continuously to changing execution and usage contexts, even while running. Unfortunately, mainstream programming languages and development environments still do not support this kind of dynam ... 
 Choreographic Programming | CP 2024  (with PLDI 2024)  Mon 24 - Fri 28 June 2024   
  Copenhagen, Denmark   Choreographies are coordination plans for concurrent and distributed systems. A choreography defines the roles of the involved participants and how they are supposed to work together. In the emerging paradigm of choreographic programming (CP), choreographies are programs that can be compiled to executable implementations. CP originated primarily in the context of process calculi, with preliminary work done to ... 
 CPP | CPP 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Mon 20 - Tue 21 January 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   Certified Programs and Proofs (CPP) is an international conference on practical and theoretical topics in all areas that consider formal verification and certification as an essential paradigm for their work. CPP spans areas of computer science, mathematics, logic, and education. CPP is sponsored by ACM SIGPLAN, in cooperation with ACM SIGLOG. CPP 2025 will be held in January 2025 and will be co-located with POP ... 
 CREST | CREST 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   The CREST 2019 workshop is the fourth in a series of workshops addressing formal approaches to reasoning about causation in systems engineering. The topic of formally identifying the cause(s) of specific events - usually some form of failures -, and explaining why they occurred, are increasingly in the focus of several, disjoint communities. The main objective of CREST is to bring together researchers and practi ... 
 Constrained and Reactive Objects | CROW 2016  (with Modularity 2016 )  Mon 14 - Tue 15 March 2016   
  Spain   Links to presentations: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/viso1fz4q9zxi3e/AAAuKtJ_j5LPg5ZWDTv0d6VQa?dl=0 The Constrained and Reactive Objects Workshop (CROW) invites papers that present research results related to using constraints and reactive programming in combination or integrated with imperative and object-oriented systems. This research area has recently received increasing interest again. Object-constraint, cons ... 
 CRSSC | CSC 2023  (with PLDI 2023)  Sat 17 - Sun 18 June 2023   
  Orlando, Florida, United States   We must ensure the reliability of scientific computing hardware and software systems that are fundamental to enabling discoveries through high performance computing (HPC) systems that push the edge of computing capabilities. Similarly, the reliability and dependability of systems that make data-driven decisions through large-scale machine learning (ML) must also be ensured, as these systems not only control day-t ... 
 CSEE&T | CSEE&T 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   In 2025, the IEEE Conference on Software Engineering Education and Training (CSEE&amp;T) will replace ICSE’s traditional education track (SEET). CSEE&amp;T 2025 will be co-located with ICSE 2025, allowing for a greater focus on software engineering education through a dedicated co-located conference. By joining forces, the goal is to bring together the two communities best placed to address the many challenges of ... 
 CUFP | CUFP 2017  (with ICFP 2017)  Sun 3 - Sat 9 September 2017   
  Oxford, United Kingdom   Functional Programming has been at the forefront of a new generation of programming technologies, and companies have been successfully utilizing functional programming to enable more flexible, robust, and effective software development. The annual CUFP workshop is designed to serve the growing community of commercial users of functional programming. Practitioners meet and collaborate, language designers and user ... 
 CauSE | CauSE 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 Celebration of ASE | Celebration of ASE 2019  (with ASE 2019)  Mon 11 - Fri 15 November 2019   
  San Diego, California, United States   The Celebration of ASE event brings together ASE PC members and other researchers who want to get to know each other, learn about each other’s current projects, learn how others think about technical work, and consider future directions for software-engineering research and practice. The program will combine talks and interactive discussions. 
 CloudIntelligence | CloudIntelligence 2021  (with ICSE 2021)  Sat 29 May 2021   
    Workshop webpage Available at https://cloudintelligenceworkshop.org &nbsp; 
 CoAST | CoAST 2023  (with ICST 2023)  Sun 16 - Thu 20 April 2023   
  Dublin, Ireland   CoAST is the 1th International Workshop on Context aware and Adaptive Software systems Testing. It aims to bring together the researchers, practitioners, and tool developers working on topics related to the testing and quality assessment of context-aware software (CAS) and adaptive software (AS) systems. We also will welcome contributions that present novel methodologies, techniques, and tools showing how contex ... 
 CoCoDo | CoCoDo 2021  (with ‹Programming› 2021)  Mon 22 - Fri 26 March 2021   
  Online, United Kingdom   CoCoDo is a coding dojo where you can enjoy an entire day of compiler programming under gentle guidance of field experts. Compiler construction comprises, but is not limited to, lexical analysis, syntactic analysis, preprocessing, context handling, code generation, code optimisation, virtual machines, interpreters, smell detection, clone management, portability, migration, refactoring, domain-specific language d ... 
 CoCoS | CoCoS 2017  (with SPLASH 2017)  Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2017   
  Vancouver, Canada   The sheer complexity and emergent behaviors of large scale systems make it impossible for people to completely understand them without the aid of specific tools. This is especially the case as systems are increasingly developed using advanced composition technologies such as aspect-orientation and dynamic script languages. Those modularity technologies enable the creation and application of powerful abstractions, ... 
 CORA | Commute  (with PLDI 2022)  Mon 13 - Tue 14 June 2022   
  San Diego, California, United States   This is the first instance of the Commutativity Reasoning &amp; Applications workshop (Commute 2022). Commutativity Reasoning is becoming increasingly common and appears in many contexts. Commutativity is used in the design of systems, in the design of data structures, in proof methodologies, in parallel execution schemes, etc. The goal of this workshop is to bring together researchers that are working in a vari ... 
 CoqPL | CoqPL 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   The series of CoqPL workshops provide an opportunity for programming languages researchers and practitioners with an interest in Coq to meet and interact with one another and members from the core Coq development team. At the meeting, we will discuss upcoming new features, see talks and demonstrations of exciting current projects, solicit feedback for potential future changes to Coq itself, and generally work to ... 
 CurryOn | CurryOn 2018  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2018)  Mon 16 - Tue 17 July 2018   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   These pages mirror the main Curry On website which can be found at http://www.curry-on.org/ 
 DBPL | DBPL 2019  (with PLDI 2019)  Sat 22 - Fri 28 June 2019   
  Phoenix, Arizona, United States   For over 25 years, DBPL has established itself as the principal venue for publishing and discussing new ideas and problems at the intersection of data management and programming languages. Many key contributions relevant to the formal foundations, design, implementation, and evaluation of query languages (e.g., for object-oriented, nested, or semi-structured data) were first announced at DBPL. As an established ... 
 DCI | DCI 2012  (with SPLASH 2012)  Mon 22 Oct 2012   
  Tucson, Arizona, United States   SPLASH 2012 DCI Tutorial SPLASH 2012 will be hosting a Wavefront Workshop on Lean Architecture and DCI. DATE: Monday, 22 October, 2012 PLACE: SPLASH, Tuscon, Arizona, USA, Rincon conference room TIME: 8:30 - 5:00 (New Starting Time) SESSION DESIGNATION: W7: DCI This one-day tutorial workshop will overview the DCI paradigm. DCI (Data, Context and Interaction) is a paradigm for software design and progr ... 
 DCP | DCP 2012  (with SPLASH 2012)  Mon 22 Oct 2012   
  Tucson, Arizona, United States   Developing Competency in Parallelism CSinParallel Project Developing Competency in Parallelism: Techniques for Education and Training Workshop associated with SPLASH 2012 With the increasing penetration of parallelism into computing, programmers of all stripes need to acquire competencies in parallel programming. This workshop will concentrate on discussing and disseminating resources for gently introducing ... 
 DEBS | DEBS 2017  (with PLDI, ECOOP, Curry On, DEBS, LCTES and ISMM)  Sun 18 - Fri 23 June 2017   
  Barcelona, Spain   Over the past decade, the ACM International Conference on Distributed and Event‐based Systems (DEBS) has become the premier venue for contributions in the fields of distributed and event‐based systems. The objectives of the ACM International Conference on Distributed and Event‐Based Systems (DEBS) are to provide a forum dedicated to the dissemination of original research, the discussion of practical insights, ... 
 DEBT | DEBT 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   While debugging is an integral activity of the software development cycle, mainstream tools used for debugging have hardly evolved with the vast programming language and hardware advances we have witnessed in the past decades. Even though debugging support has found its way into mainstream IDEs, the techniques used for debugging remain largely based on techniques for programs running on the hardware of the past c ... 
 DICE-FOPARA | DICE-FOPARA 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   The DICE workshop explores the area of Implicit Computational Complexity (ICC), which grew out from several proposals to use logic and formal methods to provide languages for complexity-bounded computation(e.g. Ptime, Logspace computation). It aims at studying the computational complexity of programs without referring to external measuring conditions or a particular machine model, but only by considering language ... 
 DLS | DLS 2023  (with SPLASH 2023)  Sun 31 Dec 2023   
  Cascais, Portugal 
 DPA | DPA 2019  (with PLDI 2019)  Sat 22 - Wed 26 June 2019   
  Phoenix, Arizona, United States   The advent of modern declarative logical specification languages such as Flix, QL and Soufflé has facilitated the implementation of many rich program analysis tools. Declaratively specified program analysis tools have proven to be flexible enough to faithfully model real world languages, scalable, and less burdensome to extend and maintain. The goal of this workshop is to be the first venue truly dedicated to dec ... 
 DRAGSTERS | DRAGSTERS 2023  (with PLDI 2023)  Sat 17 - Wed 21 June 2023   
  Orlando, Florida, United States   Workshop on Distributions, Relational Algebra, Graphs, Semi-Rings, Tensors, and All That (aka. DRAGSTERS) Over the last decade, researchers working in compilers, programming languages, databases, machine learning, supercomputing, and related fields have productively explored both analogies and direct isomorphisms between objects like tensors, graphs, probability distributions and relations. These connections hav ... 
 DREE | DREE 2022  (with ICSE 2022)  Sat 31 Dec 2022   
    Welcome to the First International Workshop on.. Designing and Running Project-Based Courses in Software Engineering Education (DREE) Software engineering courses should prepare students for industrial careers. Ideally, students should work with industrial-scale projects that are being actively developed. Unfortunately, implementing this in the context of a course can be challenging, and so many courses only ... 
 DSLDI | DSLDI 2018  (with SPLASH 2018)  Sun 4 - Fri 9 November 2018   
  Boston, Massachusetts, United States   Well-designed and implemented domain-specific languages (DSLs) can achieve both usability and performance benefits over general-purpose programming languages. By raising the level of abstraction and exploiting domain knowledge, DSLs can make programming more accessible, increase programmer productivity, and support domain-specific optimizations. The goal of the DSLDI workshop is to bring together researchers and ... 
 DSM | DSM 2021  (with SPLASH 2021)  Sun 17 - Fri 22 October 2021   
  Chicago, Illinois, United States   The DSM workshop is one of longest running series of workshops at SPLASH/OOPSLA. The first DSM Workshop was offered at OOPSLA 2001. This would be the 20th anniversary of the workshop. We would love to celebrate this anniversary with another offering at SPLASH! Our last DSM workshop at SPLASH was in 2019 in Athens, Greece. Domain-Specific Modeling (DSM) languages provide a viable and time-tested solution for con ... 
 DSW | DSW 2017  (with PLDI, ECOOP, Curry On, DEBS, LCTES and ISMM)  Sun 18 - Fri 23 June 2017   
  Barcelona, Spain   DeepSpec is a 5-year, 4-institution initiative to push forward the state of the art in applying computer proof assistants to verify realistic software and hardware stacks at scale. A key part of the mission is to engage with industry, learning about adoption obstacles, educating practitioners about how to apply these techniques, and even launching pilot collaborations with specific companies. For that reason, we ... 
 DX | DX 2024  Mon 4 - Thu 7 November 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   The 35th International Conference on Principles of Diagnosis and Resilient Systems (DX’24) is an event co-organized by TU Graz and Ben Gurion University, and sponsored by AIJ. The 35th International Conference on Principles of Diagnosis and Resilient Systems (DX’24) will take place in Vienna, Austria, from November 4th to November 7th 2024. Formerly known as the Inter ... 
 Dafny | Dafny 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   About Dafny is a verification-aware programming language that has native support for specifications and proofs, and is equipped with an auto-active static program verifier. The workshop aims to provide a platform for reports about applications of Dafny in industry, research on programming-language concepts that are relevant to Dafny, and talks about Dafny’s role in teaching. Topics include but are not limited to ... 
 DeclMed | DeclMed 2023  (with ICFP 2023)  Mon 4 - Sat 9 September 2023   
  Seattle, Washington, United States   Declarative Programming in Biology and Medicine (“DeclMed”) is a new interdisciplinary workshop that will explore declarative programming methods / paradigms and their applications in the life sciences and medicine. Given promising advances in using declarative approaches in areas such as precision medicine, bioinformatics, graph querying, modeling, and DNA computing, this workshop aims to advance the use of de ... 
 DeepTest | DeepTest 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   Sixth International Workshop on Deep Learning for Testing and Testing for Deep Learning (DeepTest 2025) Machine Learning (ML) is widely adopted in modern software systems, including safety-critical domains such as autonomous cars, medical diagnosis, and aircraft collision avoidance systems. Thus, it is crucial to rigorously test such applications to ensure high dependability. However, standard notions of softwar ... 
 Designing | Designing 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   2nd International Workshop on Designing Software Software design is a set of activities and decisions that are involved in the construction of a software system, ranging from high-level architecture and conceptual design to code design. Decisions made during a design process have long-lasting impact on various qualities of a system, such as modularity, maintainability, scalability, robustness, security, usabilit ... 
 DevOps Quality Management | DevOps-QM 2024  (with EASE 2024)  Tue 18 - Fri 21 June 2024   
  Salerno, Italy   DevOps is a framework that integrates both the development and operation activities and bridges the gap between them. DevOps practices are getting significant research and industrial attention because of its attributes, i.e., continuous value delivery, faster time to market, frequent accommodation of changes, and superior quality. The 2017 software trends highlighted that DevOps would become a well-established an ... 
 DevOps4CPS-Testing | DevOps4CPS-Testing 2021  (with ICST 2021)  Mon 12 - Fri 16 April 2021   
    First International Workshop on DevOps Testing for Cyber-Physical Systems (DevOps4CPS-Testing) Much of the increasing complexity of ICT systems is being driven by the more distributed and heterogeneous nature of these systems, with Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) accounting for an increasing portion of Software Ecosystems. Blending best practices DevOps solutions with the development processes used in the CPS to de ... 
 DevOpsSustain | DevOpsSustain 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 Dutch Formal Methods Day | Dutch Formal Methods Day 2024  Tue 16 Apr 2024   
  Utrecht, Netherlands   The Dutch Formal Methods Day is a full-day event dedicated to formal methods in the Netherlands. This event is an opportunity for people in academia, industry, and education who are interested in formal methods, in the broadest sense, to come together, learn, and network. There will be numerous talks, giving a broad overview formal methods in the Netherlands. Upon registering, you will have the opportunity to off ... 
 E-QSE | E-QSE 2024  (with EASE 2024)  Tue 18 - Fri 21 June 2024   
  Salerno, Italy   Quantum Programming has been increasingly recognized in recent years, with a growing consensus among researchers and practitioners that this emerging technology has the potential to significantly reshape the landscape of computation. The workshop’s objective is to foster a community where both researchers and practitioners can engage in discussions about novel ideas and share fresh insights on Empirical Studies i ... 
 EASE | EASE 2025  Tue 17 - Fri 20 June 2025   
  Istanbul, Turkey   Welcome to the website of the International Conference on Evaluation and Assessment in Software Engineering (EASE), 2025 edition. EASE is an internationally leading venue for academics and practitioners to present and discuss their research on evidence-based software engineering, and its implications for software practice. EASE is ranked as A conference in CORE. The 29th edition of EASE will take place in Istanb ... 
 EASEAI | EASEAI 2022  (with ESEC/FSE 2022)  Mon 14 - Fri 18 November 2022   
  Singapore   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 ECBS | ECBS 2025  Tue 30 September - Wed 1 October 2025   
  Ilmenau   Welcome to the website of the 9th International Conference on Engineering of Computer-based Systems. Each year, ECBS brings together researchers and practitioners from academia and industry to discuss foundations, techniques, and tools for integrating software, hardware, and communication perspectives of systems engineering through its many facets that include system modelling, artificial intelligence, requiremen ... 
 ECMFA | ECMFA 2025  (with STAF 2025)  Tue 10 - Wed 11 June 2025   
  Koblenz, Germany   The 21st European Conference on Modelling Foundations and Applications (ECMFA) will be held in Koblenz, Germany, (June 10-11, 2025) as part of STAF 2025 (Software Technologies: Applications and Foundations). Aims and scope The European Conference on Modelling Foundations and Applications (ECMFA) is the premier European forum dedicated to advancing the state of knowledge and fostering the application of all aspe ... 
 ECOOP | ECOOP 2025  Mon 30 June - Fri 4 July 2025   
  Bergen, Norway   ECOOP is Europe’s longest-standing annual Programming Languages conference, bringing together researchers, practitioners, and students to share their ideas and experiences in all topics related to programming languages, software development, systems and applications. ECOOP welcomes high quality research papers relating to these fields in a broad sense. ECOOP is committed to affordable open access publishing. Rec ... 
 ECSA | ECSA 2025  Mon 15 - Fri 19 September 2025   
  Limassol, Cyprus   Welcome to the website of the ECSA 2025 conference! The European Conference on Software Architecture (ECSA) is the premier European software architecture conference, providing researchers, practitioners, and educators with a platform to present and discuss the most recent, innovative, and significant findings and experiences in the field of software architecture research and practice. The 19th European Conferenc ... 
 EDTconf | EDTConf 2024  (with MODELS 2024)  Mon 23 - Tue 24 September 2024   
  Linz, Austria 
 EGRAPHS | EGRAPHS 2025  (with PLDI 2025)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 June 2025   
  Seoul, South Korea   Research in the EGRAPHS Community has recently exploded in both quantity and diversity. The data structure that powers SMT solvers is now seeing use in synthesis, optimization, and verification via equality saturation and related techniques. In addition to recent advances in the core data structure and techniques, researchers and practitioners are applying e-graphs to domains such as compilers, floating point acc ... 
 ELS | ELS 2022  (with ‹Programming› 2022)  Mon 21 - Fri 25 March 2022   
    The purpose of the European Lisp Symposium is to provide a forum for the discussion and dissemination of all aspects of design, implementation and application of any of the Lisp and Lisp-inspired dialects, including Common Lisp, Scheme, Emacs Lisp, AutoLisp, ISLISP, Dylan, Clojure, ACL2, ECMAScript, Racket, SKILL, Hop and so on. We encourage everyone interested in Lisp to participate. External Website Additiona ... 
 EMIP | EMIP 2022  (with ICSE 2022)  Sun 29 May - Fri 3 June 2022   
    The Tenth International Workshop on Eye Movements in Programming (EMIP 2022) will again focus on advancing the methodological, theoretical, and applied aspects of eye movements in programming. The goal of the workshop is to further develop the methodology of using eye tracking for programming, both theoretically and in applications. What can eye movement behavior tell us about cognitive processes during programmi ... 
 ENIAC | ENIAC20  (with ‹Programming› 2020)  Tue 24 Mar 2020   
  Porto, Portugal   Artificial Intelligence is becoming a mainstream concern in everyday software construction. Driven by appealing success stories such as autonomous vehicles, cloud-based intelligent services (e.g., Google Translate), intelligent health-related mobile apps, etc., more and more software companies intend to leverage AI techniques in their products. However, there is a large gap between the Programming/Software Engine ... 
 ERMSEI | ERMSEI 2025  Wed 31 Dec 2025   
  Rennes Cedex, France   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 ESEM | ESEIW 2024  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Barcelona, Spain   Welcome to the joint website of ESEIW 2024, the Empirical Software Engineering International Week 2024, and ESEM 2024, the 18th ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering and Measurement. The ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering and Measurement (ESEM) is the premier conference for presenting research results related to empirical software engineering. ESEM pro ... 
 ESOCC | ESOCC 2025  Thu 20 - Fri 21 February 2025   
  Bolzano, Italy   Registration page is now online here! Welcome to the 11th European Conference On Service-Oriented And Cloud Computing! The European Conference on Service-Oriented and Cloud Computing (ESOCC) is the premier conference on advances in the state of the art and practice of Service-Oriented Computing and Cloud Computing in Europe. The main objectives of this conference are to facilitate the exchange between researc ... 
 ESOP | ESOP 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Mon 8 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   ESOP is an annual conference devoted to fundamental issues in the specification, design, analysis, and implementation of programming languages and systems. ESOP seeks contributions on all aspects of programming language research including, but not limited to, the following areas: Programming paradigms and styles: functional programming, object-oriented programming, aspect-oriented programming, logic programmi ... 
 ETAPS | ETAPS 2019  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   The European Joint Conferences on Theory and Practice of Software is the primary European forum for academic and industrial researchers working on topics relating to Software Science. ETAPS, established in 1998, is a confederation of five main annual conferences, ESOP, FASE, FOSSACS, POST and TACAS, accompanied by 17 satellite workshops and other events including, for the first time this year, a mentoring worksh ... 
 ETX | ETX 2015  (with SPLASH 2015)  Tue 27 Oct 2015   
  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States   ETX 2015 invites original and unpublished contributions about potential new uses of Eclipse and how Eclipse technology can be leveraged, improved, and/or extended for research and education. The research program will be made available September 7th, 2015. 
 EVCS | EVCS  Wed 5 Apr 2023   
  Delft, Netherlands   5 April 2023, Delft, The Netherlands Eelco Visser (1966–2022) was Antoni van Leeuwenhoek Professor of Computer Science and Chair of the Programming Languages Group in the Department of Software Technology at TU Delft. His research career started with studies at the University of Amsterdam and CWI, followed by appointments at Oregon Graduate Institute and Utrecht University. He was highly influential in the softw ... 
 EXPLAIN | EXPLAIN 2019  (with ASE 2019)  Mon 11 - Fri 15 November 2019   
  San Diego, California, United States   Software is the driving force behind many innovations in all aspects of human life and, thus, decisions of software have a profound effect on the society. It is therefore highly important that software and its decisions can be explained to understand the reasons for the decisions as well as discuss and possibly subsequently change the software. The EXPLAIN workshop addresses this highly relevant topic of explaina ... 
 EnCyCriS | EnCyCriS 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This marks the 6th edition of the International Workshop on Engineering and Cybersecurity of Critical Systems (EnCyCriS) at the ICSE conference. For industrial critical systems, although the previous premises of increasing system interconnectivity, decentralization, and introduction of new, more intelligent technologies still hold true, there is an increased societal awareness with regards to cybersecurity. This ... 
 Erlang | Erlang 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Mon 2 Sep 2024   
  Milan, Italy   General Information Welcome to the website of the Erlang 2024 workshop! Series Erlang 2024 is the 23rd ACM SIGPLAN Erlang Workshop and is a satellite event of the 29th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming (ICFP 2024). Scope The workshop aims to bring together the open source, academic, and industrial communities of Erlang, other BEAM-related languages, actor model programming, distr ... 
 Escaped | Escaped 2017  (with SPLASH 2017)  Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2017   
  Vancouver, Canada   Note: This is a “discussion-style” workshop - not a mini-conference with prepared papers. Workshop participants will work together to explore this topic. It is a chance for dialog for conference attendees from both academic and industry. The results may include some new research questions as well as guidelines for cross-organizational collaboration. (You do not need to have a “position paper” to partcipate in th ... 
 ExEn | ExEn 2024  (with ICSE 2024)  Fri 12 - Sun 21 April 2024   
  Lisbon, Portugal   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 FARM | FARM 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Mon 2 - Sat 7 September 2024   
  Milan, Italy   FARM 2024 is the 12th edition of the ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on Functional Art, Music, Modelling and Design (FARM). The keynote speaker is Dmitri Tymoczko (Princeton). FARM encourages submissions from across art, craft, and design, including textiles, visual art, music, 3D sculpture, animation, GUIs, video games, 3D printing and architectural models, choreography, poetry, and even VLSI layouts, GPU c ... 
 FASE | FASE 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Mon 8 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   FASE is concerned with the foundations on which software engineering is built. Submissions should make novel contributions to making software engineering a more mature and soundly-based discipline. Contributions should be supported by appropriate arguments and validation. Contributions that combine the development of conceptual and methodological advances with their formal foundations and tool support are particu ... 
 FHPNC | FHPNC 2023  (with ICFP 2023)  Mon 4 - Sat 9 September 2023   
  Seattle, Washington, United States   The ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on Functional High-Performance and Numerical Computing aims to bring together researchers and practitioners exploring or employing the use of functional or declarative programming languages or techniques in scientific computing, and specifically in the domains of high-performance computing and numerical programming. The purpose of the meeting is to enable sharing of results ... 
 FLOPS | FLOPS 2024  Wed 15 - Fri 17 May 2024   
  Kumamoto, Japan   Welcome to the website of the 17th International Symposium on Functional and Logic Programming (FLOPS 2024). FLOPS 2024 is co-sponsored by Special Interest Group on Programming and Programming Languages (SIG-PPL), Japan Society for Software Science and Technology (JSSST), in cooperation with ACM SIGPLAN. The FLOPS 2024 proceedings are now available online (free to read and download until end of June 2024). Abou ... 
 FMS | FMS 2018  (with PLDI 2018)  Mon 18 - Fri 22 June 2018   
  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States   While the fields of security and privacy and of formal methods/programming languages are thriving areas of computer science, the communities are mostly disjoint, and though there are several formal techniques used for ensuring security, there is no systematic use of emerging powerful formal techniques in the real world to ensure security and privacy. The goal of this workshop is to bring together researchers fro ... 
 Foundations Of Aspect-Oriented Languages | FOAL 2016  (with Modularity 2016 )  Mon 14 - Thu 17 March 2016   
  Spain   Organizers Gary T. Leavens (University of Central Florida) Hidehiko Masuhara (Tokyo Institute of Technology) Hridesh Rajan (Iowa State University) Henrique Rebêlo (Universidade Federal de Pernambuco) 
 FOOL | FOOL  (with SPLASH 2014)  Mon 20 - Fri 24 October 2014   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   The 21st Workshop on Foundations of Object-Oriented Languages (FOOL) at SPLASH 2014. See the following web sites for further information about FOOL: http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aldrich/FOOL/ (Home of FOOL) http://homepages.ecs.vuw.ac.nz/~servetto/Fool2014/ (FOOL 2014) The search for sound principles for object-oriented languages has given rise to much work during the past two decades, leading to a better understandi ... 
 Forge | FORGE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 27 - Sun 28 April 2024   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   The 2nd ACM international conference on AI Foundation Models and Software Engineering (FORGE 2025) in ICSE 2025 aims to bring researchers, practitioners, and educators from the AI and Software Engineering community to solve the new challenges that we meet in the era of foundation models. Foundation models (e.g., ChatGPT and Llama) have attracted great attention from both academia and industry. In Software Engine ... 
 FOSD | FOSD 2017  (with SPLASH 2017)  Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2017   
  Vancouver, Canada   Link to the submission web site: https://fosd17.hotcrp.com/ Feature-oriented software development (FOSD) is a paradigm for the construction and customization of software systems. The key idea of FOSD is to decompose a family of software systems into units of functionality called features, with the goal of reusing software artifacts among family members. Features capture the similarities and differences among sy ... 
 FOSSACS | FOSSACS 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Mon 8 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   FoSSaCS seeks original papers on foundational research with a clear significance for software science. The conference invites submissions on theories and methods to support the analysis, integration, synthesis, transformation, and verification of programs and software systems. The specific topics covered by the conference include, but are not limited to, the following: categorical models and logics; languag ... 
 FPVM | FPVM 2023  (with STAF 2023)  Wed 19 Jul 2023   
  Leicester, United Kingdom 
 FPROPER | FProPer 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Mon 2 - Sat 7 September 2024   
  Milan, Italy   The 1st ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Functional Programming for Productivity and Performance (FProPer’24) follows up on the workshops Functional High-Performance computing (FHPC 2012-2018) and Functional High-Performance and Numerical Computing (FHPNC 2019-2023). While still aiming at high levels of performance, FProPer tries to incorporate the aspect of programmer productivity into the picture. Consequently, FProPer ... 
 FREECO | FREECO 2012  (with SPLASH 2012)  Sun 21 - Thu 25 October 2012   
  Tucson, Arizona, United States   an artist impression of a Star Wars ‘FREECO bike’ (http://starwars.wikia.com) Workshop summary The history of programming languages shows a continuous search for new composition mechanisms, which are better suited for structuring increasingly complex software systems into modules that can be developed and reused independently. Well-known examples are procedure calls, object aggregation, function c ... 
 FSCD | FSCD 2017  (with ICFP 2017)  Mon 4 - Thu 7 September 2017   
  Oxford, United Kingdom   The Second International Conference on Formal Structures for Computation and Deduction is co-located with ICFP 2017. You can find all information at http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/conferences/fscd2017/. 
 ESEC/FSE | FSE 2025  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   The ACM International Conference on the Foundations of Software Engineering (FSE) is an internationally renowned forum for researchers, practitioners, and educators to present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends, experiences, and challenges in the field of software engineering. FSE brings together experts from academia and industry to exchange the latest research results and trends as well as their pr ... 
 FSEN | FSEN 2025  Mon 7 - Tue 8 April 2025   
  Västerås, Sweden   About FSEN FSEN is an international conference that aims to bring together researchers, engineers, developers, and practitioners from academia and industry to present and discuss their research work in the area of formal methods for software engineering. This conference seeks to facilitate the transfer of experience, adaptation of methods, and where possible, foster collaboration among different groups. The to ... 
 FTSCS | FTSCS 2023  (with SPLASH 2023)  Sun 22 Oct 2023   
  Cascais, Portugal   9th ACM International Workshop on Formal Techniques for Safety-Critical Systems Cascais, Portugal, October 22, 2023 https://2023.splashcon.org/home/ftscs-2023 Submission deadline extended to July 21 ACM Digital Library proceedings Science of Computer Programming special issue (to be confirmed) Aims and Scope: There is an increasing demand for using formal methods to validate and verify safety-critical sy ... 
 FTW | FTW 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   What is a flaky test? Software developers rely on test cases to identify bugs in their code and to provide a signal as to their code’s correctness. Should such signals have a history of unreliability, they not only become less informative, but may also be considered untrustworthy. In the context of software testing, practitioners refer to these unreliable signals as flaky tests. The definition varies slightly, b ... 
 FTfJP | FTfJP 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   Formal techniques can help analyse programs, precisely describe program behaviour, and verify program properties. Modern programming languages are interesting targets for formal techniques due to their ubiquity and wide user base, stable and well-defined interfaces and platforms, and powerful (but also complex) libraries. New languages and applications in this space are continually arising, resulting in new progr ... 
 FUNARCH | FUNARCH 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Fri 6 Sep 2024   
  Milan, Italy   The Second ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Functional Software Architecture - FP in the Large “Functional Software Architecture” refers to methods of construction and structure of large and long-lived software projects that are implemented in functional languages and released to real users, typically in industry. The goals for the workshop are: To assemble a community interested in software architecture techniques ... 
 FUZZING | FUZZING 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   The 3rd International Fuzzing Workshop (FUZZING) 2024 welcomes all researchers, scientists, engineers and practitioners to present their latest research findings, empirical analyses, techniques, and applications in the area of fuzzing and software testing for automated bug finding. The workshop will be organized as Phase 1 in a 2-phase preregistration-based publication process. All research papers will be peer-re ... 
 FaSE4Games | FaSE4Games 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 FairWare | FairWare 2023  (with ICSE 2023)  Sun 31 Dec 2023   
  Melbourne, Australia   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 FinanSE | FinanSE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   2nd International Workshop on AI Solutions for Software Engineering Challenges in Financial Firms (FinanSE 2025) Software development has an integral role in every financial organisation; indeed, almost every service provided by a bank utilizes some form of software solution. While AI for SE research has led to solutions and innovations for many popular SE problems, there remain unresolved challenges, particular ... 
 FormaliSE | FormaliSE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sun 27 - Mon 28 April 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   No description available 
 Future Programming Workshop | Future Programming Workshop 2015  (with SPLASH 2015)  Mon 26 - Tue 27 October 2015   
  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States   Do you have an idea to improve programming? Do you want constructive criticism? Submit to the Future Programming Workshop! The Future Programming Workshop (FPW) invites ambitious visions, new approaches, and early-stage work of all kinds seeking to improve software development. Participants will present their work at SPLASH in Pittsburgh and optionally at Strange Loop in St. Louis, culminating in a writers’ wo ... 
 GaLoP | GALOP 2024  (with POPL 2024)  Sun 14 Jan 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   About GALOP is an international workshop on formal models for compositional program interaction and their applications. The first GALOP was held in 2005 and there have been 14 occurrences since. This is an informal workshop that welcomes work in progress, overviews of more extensive work, programmatic or position papers and tutorials. At the heart of GALOP is game semantics, a theory rooted in denotational sema ... 
 GAS | GAS 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sun 27 April - Sat 3 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 GCM | GCM 2025  (with STAF 2025)  Mon 7 - Thu 10 July 2025   
  Koblenz, Germany   Graphs are common mathematical structures which are visual and intuitive. They constitute a natural and seamless way for system modeling in science, engineering and beyond, including computer science, life sciences, business processes, etc. Graph computation models constitute a class of very high-level models where graphs are first-class citizens. They generalize classical computation models based on strings or t ... 
 GE@ICSE | GE@ICSE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   GE@ICSE2025: Sixth Workshop on Gender Equality, Diversity, and Inclusion in Software Engineering ICT is pervasively influencing all human activities. In this context, more and more people of any age, gender, and culture are exposed to these technologies and have to acquire some ability and skill. However, the engagement of genders with ICT is not uniform. This gap is evident in the small percentage of women stud ... 
 GI | GI 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 GPCE | GPCE 2024  (with SPLASH 2024)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &amp; Experiences (GPCE) is a programming languages conference focusing on techniques and tools for code generation, language implementation, and product-line development. The conference in Pasadena is the 23rd edition of the conference and since 2002 the conference has been held in various cities (mostly in Europe and North America). M ... 
 GPGPU | GPGPU 2018  (with PPoPP 2018)  Sat 24 - Wed 28 February 2018   
  Vösendorf / Wien, Austria   The goal of this workshop is to provide a forum to discuss new and emerging general-purpose programming architectures, environments and platforms, as well as evaluate applications that have been able to harness the horsepower provided by these platforms. This year’s work is particularly interested in new heterogeneous architecture/platforms, new forms of concurrency, and novel/irregular applications that can leve ... 
 GRACE | GRACE 2018  (with SPLASH 2018)  Sun 4 - Fri 9 November 2018   
  Boston, Massachusetts, United States   The Grace Object-Oriented Educational Programming Language design project was started at ECOOP 2010 in Slovenia, with the goal of designing a new OO language for teaching and research. Since then, the language design has progressed to the point where Grace has been used for teaching at two universities for a total of 10 courses, and has been the foundation for at least two PhD theses. There are also at least 5 im ... 
 GREENS | GREENS 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 Gamify | Gamify 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   4th Workshop on Gamification in Software Development, Verification, and Validation (Gamify2025) Gamify2025 will be the fourth edition of the international workshop on Gamification in Software Development, Verification, and Validation. This edition of the workshop will be co-located with ICSE 2025 on Sun 27 Apr - Sat 3 May 2025 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The workshop will be held on TBD. Gamification is the p ... 
 Green | Green 2011  (with SPLASH 2011)  Sat 22 - Thu 27 October 2011   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   BEYOND GREEN-FIELD SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT: REUSE, RECYCLE, REFACTOR There are many languages, tools, and design methodologies in the software community that are aimed at the creation of new software. But a lot of valuable software is the product of evolution, reuse, and reengineering. Some software is too expensive to “throw away and start over.” A skilled software team will have an arsenal of techniques at their ... 
 HASE | HASE 2020  (with POPL 2020)  Tue 21 Jan 2020   
  New Orleans, Louisiana, United States   HASE 2020 is an interactive workshop that aims to forge new collaborations and initiatives which strive to provide high levels of assurance about the correct operation and security properties of production systems (software and hardware). The format of the workshop involves a high degree of simultaneous interaction between participants in several facilitated working session topics (i.e. this workshop is not a ser ... 
 HATRA | HATRA  (with SPLASH 2024)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   Programming language designers seek to provide strong tools to help developers reason about their programs. For example, the formal methods community seeks to enable developers to prove correctness properties of their code, and type system designers seek to exclude classes of undesirable behavior from programs. The security community creates tools to help developers achieve their security goals. In order to make ... 
 HAVELUND 65 | HAVELUND 65  Sun 25 Oct 2020   
    In 2020, our well respected colleague and friend will turn 65. We consider this to be a good occasion to revisit his research contributions and to celebrate his achievements. Therefore, we plan to hold a Festschrift Symposium on the 25th of October 2020 as part of the ISOLA conference, which will be from the 26th till the 31st of October 2020 in Rhodes, Greece. 
 HCVS | HCVS 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   Many Program Verification and Synthesis problems of interest can be modeled directly using Horn clauses, and many recent advances in the Constraint/Logic Programming, Verification, and Automated Deduction communities have centered around efficiently solving problems presented as Horn clauses. This workshop aims to bring together researchers working in the communities of Constraint/Logic Programming (e.g., ICLP a ... 
 HEDA | HEDA 2023  (with STAF 2023)  Fri 21 Jul 2023   
  Leicester, United Kingdom   News Proceedings are now available online: https://ceur-ws.org/Vol-3440/ Objectives and Scope Health data may be broadly conceived as data pertaining to the health of an individual or population. As such it includes not only findings documented by physicians and other clinical staff, but also a vast array of other data such as: information gathered by schools regarding the prevalence of infectious diseases; fi ... 
 HILT | HILT'22 - Supporting a Rigorous Approach to Software Development  Fri 14 Oct 2022   
    This is the seventh in the HILT series of conferences and workshops focused on the use of High Integrity Language Technology to address challenging issues in the engineering of highly complex critical software systems. HILT is organized by ACM SigAda, in cooperation with Ada Europe. High Integrity Language Technologies have been tackling the challenges of building efficient, safe, reliable software for decades. ... 
 HIW | HIW 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Mon 2 - Sat 7 September 2024   
  Milan, Italy   IMPORTANT HIW will now take place alongside Haskell Symposium (Fri/Sat) and no longer be a standalone event. Those interested in HIW and its talks should instead register for Haskell Symposium. The Haskell Implementors’ Workshop is a forum for those involved in implementing Haskell systems, infrastructure, libraries and tools, for people generally involved in implementing Haskell technology. We share our work a ... 
 HOPE | HOPE 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Mon 2 - Sat 7 September 2024   
  Milan, Italy   Workshop The HOPE workshop series are intended to bring together researchers interested in the design, semantics, implementation, and verification of higher-order effectful programs. They are informal, consisting of invited talks, contributed talks on work in progress, and open-ended discussion sessions. They are dedicated to John Reynolds, whose work is an inspiration to us all. The 12th ACM SIGPLAN Workshop o ... 
 HOPL | HOPL IV  (with PLDI 2021)  Sun 20 - Tue 22 June 2021   
    Attending HOPL IV HOPL IV will be held Sunday, June 20, through Tuesday, June 22, 2021. To attend HOPL IV, visit the main page for PLDI 2021 and follow the instructions there (register if you have not already done so; once you are registered, click the button that says “Virtual Conference Site” and then click “Sign Up” to create a password for attending). Register to attend HOPL IV HOPL IV will be held Sunday ... 
 HSB | HSB 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   The workshop centres on dynamical models in biology, with an emphasis on both hybrid systems (in the classical sense, i.e., mixed continuous/discrete/stochastic systems) and hybrid approaches that combine modelling, analysis, algorithmic and experimental techniques from different areas. Hybrid systems and approaches are essential to the understanding of complex living systems, which are characterized by stochast ... 
 Haskell | Haskell 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Mon 2 - Sat 7 September 2024   
  Milan, Italy   Welcome to the 17th ACM SIGPLAN International Symposium on Haskell The Haskell Symposium presents original research on Haskell, discusses practical experience and future development of the language, and promotes other forms of declarative programming. This year, the Haskell Symposium will also incorporate the 2024 Haskell Implementors’ Workshop. HIW talks are identified in the program. Lightning Talks We invi ... 
 HumanAISE | HumanAISE 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 Incremental Computing | IC 2019  (with SPLASH 2019)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2019   
  Athens, Greece   The Second Workshop on Incremental Computing (IC) will provide a space where PL enthusiasts and researchers can come to discuss incremental computing problems and solutions. A computation is incremental if repeating it with a changed input is faster than from-scratch re-computation. Incremental computations can be found across a wide range of computing domains, and thus across many areas of computer science. Cons ... 
 ICBSTA | ICBSTA 2023  Sat 2 - Sun 3 December 2023   
  Elbida, Libya   Welcome to the ICBSTA 2023 Conference Website! We are excited to host the Sixth International Conference of Basic Sciences and their Applications (ICBSTA 2023) in Omar Al-Mukhtar University - Elbeida, Libya from Sat 2 - Sun 3 December 2023. ICBSTA is an international conference primly focuses on basic science and their applications, bringing together experts and researchers from Libya and international. We enc ... 
 ICER | ICER 2025  Sun 3 - Wed 6 August 2025   
  Charlottesville, Virginia, United States   The 21st ACM Conference on International Computing Education Research will be a hybrid conference: you may participate physically or virtually through our conference platform. All virtual events will occur over Discord. 
 ICFP | ICFP 2025  (with ICFP/SPLASH 2025)  Sun 12 - Sat 18 October 2025   
  Singapore   Welcome to the website of the ICFP 2025 conference. The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming (ICFP) is an annual programming language conference that provides a forum for researchers and developers to hear about the latest work on the design, implementations, principles, and uses of functional programming. The conference covers the entire spectrum of work, from practice to theory, inclu ... 
 ICFP/SPLASH | ICFP/SPLASH 2025  Sun 12 - Sat 18 October 2025   
  Singapore   Welcome to the website of the joint ICFP/SPLASH 2025 conference! For the first time, the two leading SIGPLAN venues—ICFP and SPLASH—will be co-located in Singapore in 2025: ICFP 2025: The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming (ICFP) is an annual programming language conference that provides a forum for researchers and developers to hear about the latest work on the design, implement ... 
 International Conference on Global Software Engineering | ICGSE 2020  (with ICSE 2020)  Fri 26 - Sun 28 June 2020   
    [May 25, 2020] ICGSE is going ONLINE. Please read a statement from the Organization Committee regarding ICGSE going virtual joint with ICSSP NEWS: The program of the joint event is now available through the platform Video of presentations can be viewed from here The 15th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Global Software Engineering (ICGSE 2020) will be joining forces with the International Conference on ... 
 ICGT | ICGT 2025  (with STAF 2025)  Wed 31 Dec 2025   
  Koblenz, Germany   The 18th International Conference on Graph Transformation (ICGT 2025) will be held in Koblenz, Germany, as part of STAF 2025 (Software Technologies: Applications and Foundations). The conference takes place under the auspices of EASST, EATCS, and IFIP WG 1.3. Aims and Scope The use of graphs and graph-like structures as a formalism for specification and modelling is widespread in all areas of computer science a ... 
 ICNC-FSKD | ICNC-FSKD 2022  Sat 30 July - Mon 1 August 2022   
  Fuzhou, China 
 ICOOOLPS | ICOOOLPS 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   The ICOOOLPS workshop series brings together researchers and practitioners working in the field of language implementation and optimization. The goal of the workshop is to discuss emerging problems and research directions as well as new solutions to classic and novel implementation challenges. The topics of interest for the workshop include implementation and optimization strategies for a wide range of programmi ... 
 International Conference on Program Comprehension | ICPC 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sun 27 - Mon 28 April 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   The 33rd IEEE/ACM International Conference on Program Comprehension (ICPC 2025) is the premier venue for work in the area of program comprehension. It encompasses both human activities for comprehending the software and technologies for supporting such comprehension. ICPC 2025 promises to provide a quality forum for researchers and practitioners from academia and industry to present and to discuss state-of-the-ar ... 
 ICSA | ICSA 2025  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Odense, Denmark   The International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA) supported by IEEE, is the premier event for software architecture since 1998. Known for its vibrant and collaborative atmosphere, ICSA unites researchers, practitioners, and educators to shape the future of software architecture. ICSA 2025 will take place in Odense, Denmark between 31st March and 4th April 2025. Check out more about the history and pa ... 
 ICSE | ICSE 2025  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   ICSE, the IEEE/ACM International Conference on Software Engineering, is the premier software engineering conference. It will be held April 27-May 3 2025 in Ottawa. Core conference days will be Wednesday April 30 to Friday May 2. 2025 marks the 50th anniversary of ICSE, which was first held in 1975! ICSE provides a forum where researchers, practitioners, and educators gather together to present and discuss resea ... 
 ICSME | ICSME 2025  Mon 8 - Sat 13 September 2025   
  Auckland, New Zealand   Welcome to the website of the International Conference on Software Maintenance and Evolution (ICSME) 2025 conference. We are looking forward to providing a great conference experience in New Zealand. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon! 
 ICSR | ICSR 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sun 27 - Mon 28 April 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   The International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse (ICSR) is a biannual conference in the field of software reuse research and technology. ICSR is a premier event aiming to present the most recent advances and breakthroughs in the area of software reuse and to promote an intensive and continuous exchange among researchers and practitioners. The 22nd International Conference on Software and Systems Reuse ... 
 ICSSP | ICSSP 2023  (with ICSE 2023)  Sun 14 - Mon 15 May 2023   
  Melbourne, Australia   The Schedule of ICSSP 2023 is up. ICSSP 2023 will feature three Keynotes from distinguished speakers on topics of AI-Augmented Software Engineering, Business Process Management, and AI-integrated Agile. The list of Accepted Papers are available. When registering for participation, please select ICSSP under co-located events. We look forward to your participation! Register Now new! TechDebt &amp; ICS ... 
 ICSSP/ICGSE | ICSSP/ICGSE 2021  (with ICSE 2021)  Tue 18 - Wed 19 May 2021   
    Joint 15th International Conference on Software and System Processes (ICSSP) and 16th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Global Software Engineering (ICGSE) May 18–19, 2021 | Co-located with ICSE 2021 ICSSP/ICGSE 2021 will be held virtually To attend, register to ICSE co-located events here. Overview After last year's success, the International Conference on Software and Systems Proc ... 
 ICST | ICST 2025  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   The 18th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST) 2025 ICST serves as a premier platform uniting researchers, scientists, engineers, and practitioners worldwide to showcase their cutting-edge research findings, innovative ideas, and practical applications in the domain of Software Testing, Verification, and Validation. The 18th edition of ICST, scheduled for 2025, will ... 
 ICT4S | ICT4S 2025  Mon 9 - Fri 13 June 2025   
  Dublin, Ireland   Welcome to the website of the ICT4S 2025 conference. Browse the menu above for more information on the coming conference. See important dates for submissions in each of the tracks. 
 ICTSS | ICTSS 2025  (with ECSA 2025)  Wed 17 - Fri 19 September 2025   
  Limassol, Cyprus   IFIP-ICTSS is a well-established conference where researchers, developers, testers, and users from academia and industry get together to present and discuss the most recent innovations, experiences and open challenges related to testing software and systems and measuring software quality. For more information about the conference series, see https://sites.google.com/site/ictssmain/ Organiser Sponsors 
 ICW | ICW'24  (with ‹Programming› 2024)  Mon 11 - Thu 14 March 2024   
  Lund, Sweden   The workshop has been cancelled. Modern computer systems are often loosely coupled compositions of heterogeneous components. The heterogeneity may be intentional or incidental; resulting from a healthy desire to use the best tool for each part of the job, and to leverage the vast number of software components readily available today. It follows, that an important part of modern programming is the art, science, ... 
 IDE | IDE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 SMC-IT/SCC | IEEE SMC-IT/SCC 2025  Mon 28 July - Fri 1 August 2025   
  Los Angeles, California, United States   The International Conference on Space Mission Challenges for Information Technology (SMC-IT) and the Space Computing Conference (SCC) gather system designers, engineers, computer architects, scientists, practitioners, and space explorers with the objective of advancing information technology, and the computational capability and reliability of space missions. The forums will provide an excellent opportunity for f ... 
 INTUITESTBEDS | INTUITESTBEDS 2023  (with ICST 2023)  Sun 16 - Thu 20 April 2023   
  Dublin, Ireland   This is the 6th edition of INTUITESTBEDS (International Workshop on User Interface Test Automation and Testing Techniques for Event Based Software). INTUITESTBEDS is a merge of two workshops with very similar goals and topics, INTUITEST – International Workshop on User Interface Test Automation (organized 3 times before the merge), and TESTBEDS – International Workshop on TESting Techniques for event BasED Softwa ... 
 ISAGT | ISAGT 2018  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2018)  Mon 16 - Sat 21 July 2018   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   Workshop on Introspective Systems for Automatically Generating Tests ISAGT 2018 is held Friday July 20, 2018 in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The workshop discusses the use of reflection, runtime profiling, log analysis, AI, static analysis, and other techniques to facilitate the automated generation of unit tests and regression tests, allowing a more productive development process, while increasing test coverage ... 
 ISEC | ISEC 2025  Thu 20 - Sat 22 February 2025   
  Kurukshetra , India   Welcome to the official website of the ISEC 2025 conference. Innovations in Software Engineering Conference, ISEC under the umbrella of ACM India. The ISEC Conference on Software Innovation is a premier event dedicated to exploring the latest advancements, trends, and challenges in the field of software innovation. It serves as a platform for researchers, practitioners, industry experts, and enthusiasts to come ... 
 ISMM | ISMM 2024  (with PLDI 2024)  Tue 25 Jun 2024   
  Copenhagen, Denmark   Welcome to the home page of the 2024 ACM SIGPLAN International Symposium on Memory Management (ISMM 2024)! ISMM is the premier forum dedicated to research in memory management, covering the areas of memory performance, allocator design, garbage collection, architectural support for memory management, persistent memories, emerging memory technologies, and more. ISMM’24 will held in-person as part of PLDI’24, shar ... 
 ISSTA | ISSTA 2025  Wed 25 - Sat 28 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   Welcome to the website of the ISSTA 2025 conference. The ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis (ISSTA) is the leading research symposium on software testing and analysis, bringing together academics, industrial researchers, and practitioners to exchange new ideas, problems, and experience on how to analyze and test software systems. 2025 will mark the 34th edition of ISSTA! 
 ECOOP/ISSTA | ISSTA/ECOOP 2024  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   Welcome to the website of the ISSTA/ECOOP 2024 conferences! ISSTA 2024: The ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis (ISSTA) is the leading research symposium on software testing and analysis, bringing together academics, industrial researchers, and practitioners to exchange new ideas, problems, and experience on how to analyze and test software systems. ECOOP 2024: ECOOP is E ... 
 ITEQS | ITEQS 2025  (with ICST 2025)  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   The 9th International Workshop on Testing Extra-Functional Properties and Quality Characteristics of Software Systems SCOPE The rapid development towards increased integration of software with the social and physical world that we see today means that quality aspects such as performance, safety, security, and robustness become more important in an increasing number of the systems and devices, which we use ... 
 ITSLE | ITSLE 2016  (with SPLASH 2016)  Mon 31 Oct 2016   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   Industry Track for Software Language Engineering (ITSLE) is a workshop to bring together practitioners and researchers from industry and academia working on the area of software language engineering. Domain Specific Languages (DSLs) and Model-Driven Software Engineering (MDSE) techniques are being developed and used broadly in industry. However, as the size and complexity of software systems steadily increase, so ... 
 IWACO | IWACO 2024  (with SPLASH 2024)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   10th International Workshop on Aliasing, Capabilities and Ownership Stable object identity and shared mutable state are two powerful principles in programming. The ability to create multiple aliases to mutable data allows a direct modelling of sharing that occurs naturally in a domain, and lies at the heart of efficient programming patterns where aliases provide shortcuts to key places in a data structure. Howev ... 
 IWCT | IWCT 2025  (with ICST 2025)  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   About IWCT The 14th International Workshop on Combinatorial Testing (IWCT 2025) is to be held in conjunction with ICST 2025, focusing on combinatorial methods in testing, which can target software, systems-of-systems or other domains. The workshop welcomes academic research submissions as well as industrial experience reports. We would like to highlight that this year, IWCT 2025 seeks to broaden its application ... 
 IWSiB | IWSiB 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   8th International Workshop on Software-intensive Business (IWSiB 2025) Software-producing organizations face the challenges of changing demands, rapidly evolving technology, and an overall environmental dynamism in which their products, services, and organization need to operate. These challenges pose interesting and significant research problems that cannot be tackled by engineering or business disciplines alon ... 
 inSTA | InSTA 2025  (with ICST 2025)  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   12th International Workshop on Software Test Architecture (InSTA 2025) is the 12th series of international workshop on software test architecture. Software test architecture includes analyses of system under test, approaches to design test cases, and notation of software testing. Designing better software test architectures is important for software testing. The software test architecture is a key to the test str ... 
 Formal Methods for Incorrectness | Incorrectness 2024  (with POPL 2024)  Wed 17 - Fri 19 January 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   About While bug-finding has long been an important part of industrial static analysis, sound logical theories for incorrectness reasoning were only recently developed. The introduction of Incorrectness Logic in 2019 highlighted the need for specialized formal methods capable of identifying true bugs and doing so more efficiently using under-approximation. In the ensuing years, incorrectness reasoning has become ... 
 Infer | Infer 2024  (with PLDI 2024)  Mon 24 Jun 2024   
  Copenhagen, Denmark   This fifth edition of the Infer Practitioners Workshop gathers together developers and researchers working with the Infer static analysis platform. Infer enables anyone to write their own scalable inter-procedural static analysis with only a few lines of code for programs written in various languages, including C, C++, C#, Java, Erlang and more. Infer is deployed at several companies where it helps developers wri ... 
 InnerSoft | InnerSoft 2023  (with ICSE 2023)  Sat 20 May 2023   
  Melbourne, Australia   1st International Workshop on InnerSource Software Development to be held on 20 May 2023 in Melbourne, Australia, in conjunction with ICSE 2023. Please check out the website: https://sfi-lero.github.io/InnerSoft/ for latest updates. 
 InteNSE | InteNSE 2024  (with ICSE 2024)  Fri 12 - Sun 21 April 2024   
  Lisbon, Portugal   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 InterAVT | InterAVT 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   Modern verification and testing techniques are highly relevant for industrial software- intensive systems. Recent technological trends (e.g., the new dominating role of software in traditional domains like automotive and aerospace, the arrival of autonomous and “smart” systems in everyday life) only increase the need for industrial-scale robust approaches. Nevertheless, there are still many barriers that hinder ... 
 Internetware | Internetware 2024  Wed 24 - Fri 26 July 2024   
  Macau, China   Welcome to the website of the Internetware 2024 conference in Macau. Internetware 2024, the 15th Asia-Pacific Symposium on Internetware, provides a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss the trending software technologies in the Internet era. The Internet has become a prominent platform for software development and deployment, enabling various application styles. However, existing software technolog ... 
 IFSE | Intersectionality@FSE 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 JENSFEST | JENSFEST 2024  (with SPLASH 2024)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   This workshop celebrates the career and accomplishments of Jens Palsberg on the occasion of his 60th birthday. Jens has been a pillar of the OOPSLA community for over three decades and has represented the SIGPLAN community at the ACM level as a member of the Executive Committee. His distinguished service to the community includes ACM SIGPLAN chair, vice-chair of SIGBED, editor-in-chief of TOPLAS, editorial board ... 
 JPF | JPF 2019  (with ASE 2019)  Mon 11 Nov 2019   
  San Diego, California, United States   Java Pathfinder is the annual workshop on technologies related to Java Pathfinder and similar program analyis tools and approaches. Workshop program (tentative) Start End Title 9:00 – 9:05 Opening 9:05 – 10:05 Invited talk: Elena Sherman.Benchmark Engineering for Program Analysis (click for details) Abstract: In ev ... 
 JSTools | JSTools 2020  (with SPLASH 2020)  Mon 13 - Fri 17 July 2020   
  Online Conference   Welcome to the Eight Annual Workshop on Tools for JavaScript Analysis Due to COVID-19, the workshop will be postponed to 2021. JavaScript has become ubiquitous: not only is it the lingua franca of the Web platform, but it is also increasingly being used for developing server-side applications and for writing platform-independent mobile applications. Consequently, it is now the focus of ... 
 KLEE | KLEE 2024  (with ICSE 2024)  Mon 15 - Tue 16 April 2024   
  Lisbon, Portugal   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 LAFI | LAFI 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Sun 19 Jan 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   The Languages for Inference (LAFI) workshop aims to bring programming-language and machine-learning researchers together to advance all aspects of languages for inference. Topics include but are not limited to: Design of programming languages for statistical inference and/or differentiable programming Inference algorithms for probabilistic programming languages, including ones that incorporate automatic di ... 
 LANGETI | LANGETI'19  (with ‹Programming› 2019)  Mon 1 Apr 2019   
  Genoa, Italy   Every year, new ideas arise in the areas of programming and software development to facilitate new capabilities for software systems. However, other aspects associated with the development of software systems is overlooked. With this in mind, the Languages and Tools for Next Generation Testing (LANGETI) workshop intends to serve as an open discussion platform for practitioners and researchers to share their ideas ... 
 Live Adaptation of Software SYstems | LASSY 2018  (with ‹Programming› 2018)  Mon 9 - Thu 12 April 2018   
  Nice, France   LASSY is cancelled for 2018 
 LCTES | LCTES 2024  (with PLDI 2024)  Tue 31 Dec 2024   
  Copenhagen, Denmark   Welcome to the 25th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGBED International Conference on Languages, Compilers, and Tools for Embedded Systems (LCTES 2024)! LCTES provides a link between the programming languages and embedded systems engineering communities. Researchers and developers in these areas are addressing many similar problems but with different backgrounds and approaches. LCTES is intended to expose researchers and developer ... 
 LEARNER | LEARNER 2024  (with EASE 2024)  Tue 18 - Fri 21 June 2024   
  Salerno, Italy   The LEARNER (evaLuation and assEssment in softwARe eNgineers’ Education and tRaining) 2024 workshop aims to bring together researchers, educators, and trainers from both academia and industry to discuss and advance the state of the art on the evaluation and assessment of education and training of present and future software engineers. In other words, the goal of LEARNER is to assess and evaluate educational and t ... 
 LIVE | LIVE 2024  (with SPLASH 2024)  Mon 21 Oct 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   For more information, including a helpful FAQ, please visit liveprog.org. Programming is cognitively demanding, and too difficult. LIVE is a workshop exploring new user interfaces that improve the immediacy, usability, and learnability of programming. Whereas PL research traditionally focuses on programs, LIVE focuses more on the activity of programming. Programmers don’t materialize programs out of thin air, b ... 
 LLM4Code | LLM4Code 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 LLM4MDE | LLM4MDE 2024  (with STAF 2024)  Thu 11 Jul 2024   
  Enschede, Netherlands   First Workshop on Large Language Models For Model Driven Engineering (LLM4MDE 2024) The introduction of ChatGPT, Google’s Bard, and Bing Chat Ai marked a significant advancement in the field of natural language processing, contributing to the widespread popularity of large language models (LLMs). These models have found successful applications in diverse sectors, including healthcare, finance, education, and var ... 
 LLMapp | LLMapp 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 LLanMER | LLanMER 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 LOPSTR | LOPSTR 2023  (with SPLASH 2023)  Sun 31 Dec 2023   
  Cascais, Portugal   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 LPOP | LPOP 2020  (with SPLASH 2020)  Sun 15 - Fri 20 November 2020   
  Online Conference   Logic is fundamental to computer science. Since the development of logic programming in the 1960s, logic has seen a growing practical role in computer science. The purpose of this workshop is to be a bridge between different areas of computer science that use logic as a practical tool. We take advantage of the common language of formal logic to exchange ideas between these different areas. We encourage submission ... 
 LWC@SLE | LWC@SLE 2016  (with SPLASH 2016)  Sun 30 October - Fri 4 November 2016   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   Language workbenches are tools for software language engineering. They distinguish themselves from traditional compiler tools by providing integrated development environment (IDE) support for defining, implementing, testing and maintaining languages. Not only that, languages built with a language workbench are supported by IDE features as well (e.g., syntax highlighting, outlining, reference resolving, completi ... 
 Language Modularity à La Mode | LaMOD'16  (with Modularity 2016 )  Tue 15 Mar 2016   
  Spain   A half-day workshop held in conjunction with MODULARITY’16. March 15, 2016 Malaga, Spain. http://2016.modularity.info/track/LaMOD2016 Scope Although applications are now often built from components written in a variety of languages, as well as a variety of versions of a particular language, modularity is still considered mainly in the context of a single language and in the context of a single version of a ... 
 LiVe | LiVe 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   The success of machine learning has recently motivated researchers in formal methods to adapt the highly scalable learning methods to the verification setting, where correctness guarantees on the result are essential. The aim of this workshop is to bring together researchers from the formal verification community that are developing approaches to exploit learning methods in verification as well as researchers fr ... 
 MAPS | MAPS 2023  (with ESEC/FSE 2023)  Sun 31 Dec 2023   
  San Francisco, California, United States   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 MASPEGHI | MASPEGHI 2015  (with ECOOP 2015)  Sun 5 - Fri 10 July 2015   
  Prague, Czech Republic   Welcome to the website of the MASPEGHI 2015 conference. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon! 
 Modularity Across the System Stack | MASS 2016  (with Modularity 2016 )  Mon 14 - Thu 17 March 2016   
  Spain   The landscape of computation platforms has changed dramatically in recent years. Emerging systems — such as wearable devices, smartphones, unmanned aerial vehicles, Internet of things, cloud computing servers, heterogeneous clusters, and data centers — pose a distinct set of system-oriented challenges ranging from data throughput, energy efficiency, security, real-time guarantees, to high performance. In the mean ... 
 MET | MET 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   The test oracle problem is one of the most fundamental and challenging problems in software testing and more broadly, software engineering. A growing body of research has examined the concept and approach of Metamorphic Testing (MT) and has justified that MT can effectively alleviate the oracle problem and detect real-life bugs in various application domains. Compared with most other testing methods where the cor ... 
 META | META 2019  (with SPLASH 2019)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2019   
  Athens, Greece   About The changing hardware and software landscape along with the increased heterogeneity of systems make metaprogramming once more an important research topic to handle the associated complexity. Meta’19 workshop aims to bring together researchers working on metaprogramming and reflection, as well as users building applications, language extensions, or software tools using them. The challenges which metaprogra ... 
 ML | ML 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Mon 2 - Sat 7 September 2024   
  Milan, Italy   Note: submission deadline extended until 14th of June. ML is a large family of programming languages that includes Standard ML, OCaml, F#, CakeML, SML#, Manticore, MetaOCaml, JoCaml, Alice ML, Dependent ML, Flow Caml, Reason ML, Flix, and many others. All ML languages, besides a great deal of syntax, share several fundamental traits. They are all higher-order, mostly pure, and typed, with algebraic and other dat ... 
 ML4PL | ML4PL 2018  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2018)  Mon 16 - Sat 21 July 2018   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   2nd International Workshop on Machine Learning techniques for Programming Languages Welcome to ML4PL, a workshop on machine learning techniques applied to programming language-related research and development. This workshop puts an emphasis on identifying open problem rather than presenting solution, and encourages discussion amongst the participants. Attendance will be limited to ensure that meeting retains a ... 
 MO2RE | MO2RE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 MOBILESoft | MOBILESoft 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 - Mon 28 April 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   12th International Conference on Mobile Software Engineering and Systems 2025 Today, mobile apps have greatly influenced people around the world, making everyday tasks easier and more connected. With app stores and marketplaces constantly growing, it’s simple to download and install new apps. Mobile technology is advancing quickly, adding features like sensors, cameras, wireless communication, and plenty ... 
 MODAL | MODAL 2024  (with ICST 2024)  Tue 31 Dec 2024   
  Canada   The main theme of this workshop will be to foster an open dialogue between the community (i.e., academic and industrial researchers) related to how to best build a community infrastructure to support research on Android testing and analysis. Just as mobile app developers face domain specific challenges, so do researchers working in this domain, including challenges such as (1) the rapid evolution of mobile plat ... 
 MODELS | MODELS 2024  Sun 22 - Fri 27 September 2024   
  Linz, Austria   Thank you for joining MODELS 2024 Photo by Lisa Sonnleithner INFORMATION: Flooding in Austria As you may have heard from the news, Austria was affected by the current flooding. Linz (including all venues and hotels) and the Vienna International Airport are fine. Current Train Schedule from Vienna Airport The current information is that public transport services between Vienna International Ai ... 
 Modularity in Modelling | MOMO 2017  (with ‹Programming› 2017)  Mon 3 - Thu 6 April 2017   
  Brussels, Belgium   Modularity in Modelling Workshop Extending the time-honored practice of separation of concerns, Model-Driven Engineering (MDE) promotes the use of separate models to address the various concerns in the development of complex software-intensive systems. The main objective is to choose the right level of abstraction to modularize a concern, specify its properties and reason about the system under development depen ... 
 MOPS | MOPS 2022  (with ‹Programming› 2022)  Fri 25 Mar 2022   
    There is a whole world of interesting programming ideas if we look beyond the narrow focus on programming languages. Image-based systems like Smalltalk, no-code and low-code tools, live coding, visual programming and even spreadsheets are interesting not as programming languages, but as programming systems. Programming systems research Unfortunately, doing research on programming system is hard. Computer scient ... 
 MPLR | MPLR 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   The 21st International Conference on Managed Programming Languages and Runtimes (MPLR 2024, formerly ManLang, originally PPPJ) is a premier forum for presenting and discussing novel results in all aspects of managed programming languages and runtime systems, which serve as building blocks for some of the most important computing systems around, ranging from small-scale (embedded and real-time systems) to large-sc ... 
 Mining Software Repositories | MSR 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Mon 28 - Tue 29 April 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   Welcome to the website of the Mining Software Repositories 2025 conference! The Mining Software Repositories (MSR) conference is the premier venue for software analytics research, according to which software engineering data is analyzed using a mixture of data science, machine learning/artificial intelligence and qualitative methodologies. The goal of the conference is to improve software engineering practices b ... 
 MSR4P&S | MSR4P&S 2022  (with ESEC/FSE 2022)  Mon 14 - Fri 18 November 2022   
  Singapore   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 MaLTeSQuE | MaLTeSQuE 2022  (with ESEC/FSE 2022)  Mon 14 - Fri 18 November 2022   
  Singapore   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 MeSS | MeSS 2024  (with STAF 2024)  Wed 10 Jul 2024   
  Enschede, Netherlands   A recent forecast from the International Data Corporation (IDC) envisions that 41 billion Internet-of-Things (IoT) endpoints will be in use by 2025, representing great business opportunities. The next generation IoT systems need to perform distributed processing and coordinated behavior across IoT, edge and cloud infrastructures, manage the closed loop from sensing to actuation, and cope with vast heterogeneity, ... 
 MeTRiD | MeTRiD 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   MeTRiD 2019 is the second edition of the MeTRiD international workshop focusing on the theoretical foundations, tools and applications of the Rigorous System Design (RSD) approach. The intrinsic concurrent nature of interactions among components of modern software systems is the root cause of their sheer complexity, making complete a posteriori verification practically infeasible. An alternative approach consist ... 
 PLOP | MiniPLoP 2020  (with ‹Programming› 2020)  Tue 24 Mar 2020   
  Porto, Portugal   Software developers and those involved with programming have long observed that certain patterns recur and endure across different applications and systems. The growing interest in Design Patterns, Architectural Patterns, Analysis Patterns, Pedagogical Patterns, Agile Patterns, etc., represent an effort to catalog and better communicate knowledge, providing handbooks of proven solutions to common problems. The w ... 
 Mobile! | Mobile! 2016  (with SPLASH 2016)  Sun 30 October - Fri 4 November 2016   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   Mobile application use and development is experiencing enormous growth, and by 2016 more than 200 billion apps have been downloaded. The mobile domain presents new challenges to software engineering. Mobile platforms are rapidly changing, with diverse capabilities including various input modes, wireless communication types, on-device memory and disk capacities, and sensors. Applications function on wide ranges of ... 
 Modularity | Modularity 2017  (with ‹Programming› 2017)  Tue 4 Apr 2017   
  Brussels, Belgium   OPTIMAL MODULARITY AND COMPOSITION: FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES AND ARCHITECTURES The area of software technology is very dynamic Many new techniques and architectures have been introduced in the past decade: self-aware systems (adaptive, learning, optimizing, etc.), cyber-physical systems, event-based systems, emergent systems, hybrid-control systems, systems of systems, eco-systems, big- ... 
 MoreVMs | MoreVMs 2024  (with ‹Programming› 2024)  Mon 11 - Thu 14 March 2024   
  Lund, Sweden 
 Mutation | Mutation 2025  (with ICST 2025)  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   Mutation analysis involves mutations of software artifacts that are then used to evaluate the quality of software verification tools and techniques. It is considered the premier technique for evaluating the fault revealing effectiveness of test suites, test generation techniques, and other testing approaches. Ideas derived from mutation analysis have also been used to test artifacts at different levels of abstra ... 
 N40AI | N40AI 2024  (with POPL 2024)  Sat 20 Jan 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   The purpose of the Next 40 years of Abstract Interpretation (N40AI) event is to gather ”4 generations of PhDs in abstract interpretation” and to reflect on the past, current, and future research trends in this field. Abstract interpretation was proposed in the 1970s by Patrick Cousot and Radhia Cousot as a general formalism to compare program semantics. The landmark papers at POPL’77 and POPL’79 have inspired an ... 
 NFM | NASA Formal Methods 2024  Tue 4 - Thu 6 June 2024   
  Moffett Field, CA 94035, California, United States   16th NASA Formal Methods Symposium June 4-6 The NASA Formal Methods Symposium (NFM) is&nbsp;an annual forum to foster collaboration between theoreticians and practitioners from NASA, other government agencies, academia, and industry. Updates NFM 2024 has now concluded. Thanks to all participants for making this a successful conference! (6/7/24) Social events and lunch options announced (5/31/24) Registration ... 
 NEAT | NEAT 2011  (with SPLASH 2011)  Sat 22 - Thu 27 October 2011   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   NEXT-GENERATION APPLICATIONS OF SMARTPHONES The sophisticated capabilities of smartphones provide a number of unique opportunities for research and development. Current smartphones can receive a variety of environmental stimuli, such as GPS location, acceleration, ambient light, sound, and imagery. Smartphones possess multiple network connections that can be used to connect to external computing resources, which ... 
 NEXTA | NEXTA 2024  (with ICST 2024)  Tue 31 Dec 2024   
  Canada   7th IEEE Workshop on NEXt level of Test Automation Co-located with the IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification, and Validation (ICST 2024) Theme and Goals NEXTA’24 is the seventh edition of the IEEE Workshop on Test Automation - highly relevant for both research and industry. Thus, NEXTA aims to attract both academic researchers and industry practitioners. Test automation has been an ... 
 NIP | NIP'20  (with ‹Programming› 2020)  Tue 24 Mar 2020   
  Porto, Portugal   Scope Since a long time, interfaces available for programming have remained mostly unchanged. Usually, software engineers (SE) interact with IDEs through text-based interfaces displayed on a computer screen. Software visualization (SOFTVIS) researchers investigate the use of visual properties to support software engineering tasks such as programming. Some of these software visualizations have explored the use of ... 
 NJR | NJR 2019  (with ASE 2019)  Mon 11 - Fri 15 November 2019   
  San Diego, California, United States   Software researchers increasingly take advantage of large software repositories when they design new tools. How do we make such repositories maximally useful for research? In particular, how do we make them more searchable, make interaction scriptable, and ensure that we can run both static and dynamic analyses? Additionally, how do we make the results from tools reproducible, how do we label programs with ground ... 
 NLBSE | NLBSE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 NODY | NODY 2024  (with ‹Programming› 2024)  Mon 11 - Thu 14 March 2024   
  Lund, Sweden   In this workshop, participants will learn how to use Nodysseus (https://nodysseus.io/), an open source (https://gitlab.com/ulysses.codes/nodysseus) general purpose node-based IDE and bring together experts in visual programming languages and mobile-first IDEs for an in-depth discussion. The workshop will consist of 3 parts - a round of introductions where participants share their thoughts on visual programming, ... 
 NOOL | NOOL 2017  (with SPLASH 2017)  Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2017   
  Vancouver, Canada   The -2th Workshop on New Object-Oriented Languages (NOOL) 2017. 
 NPFL | NPFL 2018  (with ICFP 2018)  Sun 23 - Sat 29 September 2018   
  St. Louis, Missouri, United States   Videos are available online. This workshop aims to bring together researchers and practitioners exploring and utilising functional or declarative programming languages to solve numerically oriented problems including but not limited to Embedded domain specific languages for expressing numerical problems and generating efficient code e.g. generating llvm à la Julia / Haskell accelerate Use of types to ensur ... 
 NSAD | NSAD 2024  (with SPLASH 2024)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   10th ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on Numerical and Symbolic Abstract Domains Abstraction is an essential part of many program verification and validation (V&amp;V) methods, making tractable computational problems that are usually too complex —and very often undecidable if considered in their original (not abstracted) formulation. Such abstraction is modeled using an abstract representation of data and abst ... 
 NSE | NSE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 3 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   1st International Workshop on Neuro-Symbolic Software Engineering (May 3, 2025) Software engineering has a success history of evolving symbolic techniques, e.g., formal methods and programming languages, to solve increasingly challenging problems like providing safety and performance guarantees for autonomous intelligent systems fulfilling mission-critical functions. With the availability of machine learning (ML ... 
 NSF Workshop: DL + SE” | NSF Workshop: DL + SE 2019  (with ASE 2019)  Sun 10 - Fri 15 November 2019   
  San Diego, California, United States   The NSF-sponsored workshop on Deep Learning and Software Engineering will take place on November 11, 2019 (Veteran’s Day) co-located with the Automated Software Engineering (ASE’19) conference in San Diego. The goal of this workshop is to bring together an international group of researchers and practitioners who work at the intersection of software engineering and deep learning for an intensive period of discuss ... 
 NWPT | NWPT 2023 - 34th Nordic Workshop on Programming Theory  Wed 22 - Thu 23 November 2023   
  Västerås   On Wednesday 22nd, we will all go by bus to the country side outside Västerås, where we will enjoy dinner at a restaurant serving locally produced food. The bus will leave from the university at 18:00 and return later in the evening. 
 Neo4j | Neo4j 2012  (with SPLASH 2012)  Sun 21 - Thu 25 October 2012   
  Tucson, Arizona, United States   Jim Webber, Chief Scientist, Neo Technology will be presenting a ‘Wavefront’ Tutorial: A Programmatic Introduction to Neo4j at this year’s SplashCon 2012. This is a Wavefront workshop on using Neo4j, a popular graph database. Graph databases like Neo4j are an esoteric but powerful member of the NOSQL family. For highly connected data, graph databases can be thousands of times faster than relational databases, ma ... 
 NetPL | NetPL 2018  (with POPL 2018)  Mon 8 - Sat 13 January 2018   
  Los Angeles, California, United States   Program Information: We had an excellent lineup of invited speakers, coming from both academia and industry and from both the PL and networking research communities. Calin Cascaval (Barefoot Networks) Peyman Kazemian (Forward Networks) Andrey Rybalchenko (Microsoft Research) Anees Shaikh (Google) Sharon Shoham (Tel Aviv University) Jonathan Smith (DARPA) George Varghese (UCLA) See the Program f ... 
 O'Hearn Fest | O'Hearn Fest  (with POPL 2024)  Wed 17 - Fri 19 January 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   A day of talks in celebration of Peter O’Hearn’s scientific and industrial work. Peter is a professor of Computer Science at University College London and an Engineering Director at Lacework. All are welcome, please register to the workshop if you are planning to attend. 
 OAF | OAF 2021  (with ‹Programming› 2021)  Mon 22 - Fri 26 March 2021   
  Online, United Kingdom   Fluence is an open application platforms, where apps can build on each other, share data and users. The platform is powered by a peer-to-peer computing protocol and the new programming language which radically simplifies the building and composing applications. Fluence is an open alternative to cloud platforms and proprietary APIs and our mission is to empower global collaboration and innovation. Learn to overco ... 
 OCAP | OCAP 2018  (with SPLASH 2018)  Sun 4 - Fri 9 November 2018   
  Boston, Massachusetts, United States   The OCAP workshop seeks to bring together those interested in capability languages, systems, and applications. Object-capabilities offer a distinct approach to building robust, distributed systems that pose many interesting research and practical challenges. The workshop is designed to explore the latest developments in the theory and practice of the object-capability approach, and provide a forum for knowledge e ... 
 OCaml | OCaml 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Mon 2 - Sat 7 September 2024   
  Milan, Italy   OCaml is currently receiving a strong upward trend, particularly since its new runtime environment was released in 2022, which introduced support for shared memory parallelism and effect handlers. That trend can be observed both on social media and in academia, where the OCaml Compiler Distribution received the 2023 Programming Languages Software Award by ACM SIGPLAN. The OCaml Users and Developers Workshop brin ... 
 OOPSLA-PC | OOPSLA 2016 PC Meeting  Wed 25 - Fri 27 May 2016   
  Delft, Netherlands   The OOPSLA 2016 Program Committee Meeting will be hosted by Delft University of Technology in Delft, The Netherlands from Thursday 26 to Friday 27 May 2016. Venue Accomodation Traveling to Delft On the Wednesday (26 May 2016) before the PC meeting we will hold an informal workshop in which PC members can present their recent work: PC Workshop Organizers General Chair: Eelco Visser OOPSLA P ... 
 OPCT | OPCT 2019  (with POPL 2019)  Sun 13 - Sat 19 January 2019   
  Cascais, Portugal   The OPCT (Open Problems in Concurrency Theory) series of research seminars is sponsored by the IFIP Working Group WG1.8 on Concurrency Theory: http://www.ifip-tc1.org/wg1-08.php OPCT aims at identifying and discussing the most important open problems in Concurrency Theory. Participation is on invitation only and there are no proceedings, but the slides of the talks will be made available on the website. OPCT’19 ... 
 OSS | OSS 2021  Wed 12 May 2021   
    The 17th International Conference on Open Source Systems (OSS) aims at providing an international forum where a diverse community of professionals from academia, industry, and the public sector, and diverse FLOSS initiatives can come together to share research findings and practical experiences. The conference is also a forum to provide information and education to practitioners, identify directions for further r ... 
 Off the Beaten Track | Off the Beaten Track 2019  (with POPL 2019)  Sun 13 - Sat 19 January 2019   
  Cascais, Portugal   Background Programming language researchers have the principles, tools, algorithms and abstractions to solve all kinds of problems, in all areas of computer science. However, identifying and evaluating new problems, particularly those that lie outside the typical core PL problems we all know and love, can be a significant challenge. This workshop’s goal is to identify and discuss problems that do not often show ... 
 Onward! | Onward! 2018  (with SPLASH 2018)  Wed 7 - Thu 8 November 2018   
  Boston, Massachusetts, United States   Onward! is a premier multidisciplinary conference focused on everything to do with programming and software: including processes, methods, languages, communities and applications. Onward! is more radical, more visionary and more open than other conferences to ideas that are well-argued but not yet proven. We welcome different ways of thinking about, approaching and reporting on programming language and software e ... 
 Symposium on Practical Aspects of Declarative Languages | PADL 2024  (with POPL 2024)  Tue 31 Dec 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   PADL is a well-established forum for researchers and practitioners to present original work emphasizing novel applications and implementation techniques for all forms of declarative programming, including functional and logic programming, databases and constraint programming, and theorem proving. PADL’24 will take place during 15-16 January 2024 as a physical (in-person) event. For each accepted paper at least o ... 
 PAINT | PAINT 2024  (with SPLASH 2024)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   Programming environments that integrate tools, notations, and abstractions into a holistic user experience can provide programmers with better support for what they want to achieve. These programming environments can create an engaging place to do new forms of informational work - resulting in enjoyable, creative, and productive experiences with programming. In the workshop on Programming Abstractions and Inte ... 
 PASS | PASS 2019  (with ECOOP 2019)  Mon 15 - Fri 19 July 2019   
  Hammersmith, London, United Kingdom   Overview The landscape of computation platforms has changed dramatically in recent years. Emerging systems — such as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), Internet of things (IoT), cloud computing servers, heterogeneous clusters, data centers, wearable devices, and smartphones — pose a distinct set of system-oriented challenges ranging from data throughput, energy efficiency, security, real-time guarantees, to high pe ... 
 PAW | PAW 2022  (with ECOOP 2022)  Mon 6 - Fri 10 June 2022   
  Berlin, Germany   Program Analysis for WebAssembly (PAW) 2022 WebAssembly is a recently introduced portable virtual machine, to which code written in many high-level languages can be compiled in order to be executed in web browsers and other runtimes. There have been several independent efforts to bring static and dynamic analysis tools to the WebAssembly ecosystem. This workshop aims to bring together researchers working in the ... 
 PEPM | PEPM 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Tue 21 Jan 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   The ACM SIGPLAN Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation (PEPM) has a history going back to 1991 and has been held in conjunction with POPL every year since 2006. The origin of PEPM is in the discoveries of practically useful automated techniques for evaluating programs with only partial input. Over time, PEPM has broadened its scope to include a variety of research areas centered around semantics- ... 
 PERR | PERR 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   This workshop is dedicated to the formal verification of program equivalence and related relational problems. It is the 3rd in a series of meetings that bring together researchers from different areas interested in equivalence. The topic touches many aspects of formal methods: regression verification, translation validation, verified compilation, language semantics, deductive verification, (bounded) model checkin ... 
 PLACES | PLACES 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   2019 Proceedings in EPTCS: http://eptcs.web.cse.unsw.edu.au/content.cgi?PLACES2019 Applications today are built using numerous interacting services; soon off-the-shelf CPUs will host thousands of cores, and sensor networks will be composed from a large number of processing units. Many applications need to make effective use of thousands of computing nodes. At some level of granularity, computation in such system ... 
 PLAID | PLAID 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   1st Workshop on Principles, theory, and practice for decentralized applications Today’s modern decentralized applications are expected to integrate a wide range of autonomous devices that dynamically connect and disconnect over time. These devices have vastly different characteristics. Edge devices have limited resources, frequent connectivity loss, and are highly dynamic, whereas data centers offer unlimited re ... 
 PLARCH | PLARCH 2023  (with PLDI 2023)  Sat 17 Jun 2023   
  Orlando, Florida, United States   There is a growing overlap between PLDI and ISCA, and this workshop is convened to bring together people in that overlap. The subject coverage would be supporting ISCA-style hardware development via new programming languages, compilers, formal-verification tools, synthesis approaches, and so forth. Architecture is a relatively stodgy area, especially in industry, when it comes to adoption of new tools, and we wou ... 
 PLAS | PLAS 2015  (with ECOOP 2015)  Mon 6 - Fri 10 July 2015   
  Prague, Czech Republic   Welcome to the website of the PLAS 2015 conference. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon! 
 PLASTIC | PLASTIC 2011  (with SPLASH 2011)  Sat 22 - Thu 27 October 2011   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   Today’s Internet users expect to access Internet resources using increasingly capable and ubiquitous client platforms. This trend has resulted in a wide-ranging diversification of hardware devices supporting various form factors and interaction modes, a choice of web browsers offering varying levels of performance, security and standards compliance, as well as the emergence of domain-specific uses of general-purp ... 
 PLATEAU | PLATEAU 2020  (with SPLASH 2020)  Sun 15 - Fri 20 November 2020   
  Online Conference   Programming languages exist to enable programmers to develop software effectively. But programmer effectiveness depends on the usability of the languages and tools with which they develop software. The aim of this workshop is to discuss methods, metrics and techniques for evaluating the usability of languages and language tools. The supposed benefits of languages and tools cover a large space, including making pr ... 
 PLDI | PLDI 2025  Mon 16 - Fri 20 June 2025   
  Seoul, South Korea   Welcome to the home page of the 46th ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation (PLDI 2025)! PLDI is the premier forum in the field of programming languages and programming systems research, covering the areas of design, implementation, theory, applications, and performance. PLDI 2025 will be held in-person at the Westin Josun Seoul in Seoul, South Korea. The main PLDI conference ... 
 PLDI ECOOP | PLDI, ECOOP, Curry On, DEBS, LCTES and ISMM  Sun 18 - Fri 23 June 2017   
  Barcelona, Spain   PLDI 2017 is the 38th annual ACM SIGPLAN conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation. PLDI is a reasonable forum for all areas of programming language research. ECOOP 2017 is the 31st European Conference on Object-Oriented Programming. ECOOP is a conference on programming with an emphasis on object-orientation. ISMM 2017 is the 16th ... 
 PLE | PLE 2015  (with ECOOP 2015)  Mon 6 - Fri 10 July 2015   
  Prague, Czech Republic   Welcome to the website of the PLE 2015 conference. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon! 
 PLF | PLF 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   Languages for Multi-Device Collaborative Applications Due to ubiquitous connectivity and cheap availability of user devices from smartphones to desktops, applications supporting multi-device and collaborative use have become more common, and with the Corona pandemic this trend has tremendously accelerated. While most of the distributed applications that we see nowadays are cloud-based, avoiding the cloud can le ... 
 PLMW | PLMW @ POPL 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   What is PLMW? The Programming Languages Mentoring Workshop is designed to broaden the exposure of attendees to research and career opportunities in the field of programming languages. Since its inception in 2012, the workshop has regularly co-located with major SIGPLAN conferences—see the workshop’s SIGPLAN page for other editions. Most attendees are late-stage undergraduate students and early-stage graduate stu ... 
 PLNL | PLNL 2024  Fri 21 Jun 2024   
  Groningen, Netherlands   The purpose of this new annual workshop is to bring together researchers in the area of programming languages in the Netherlands. The workshop targets programming language research in the broad sense, included but not limited to the design, implementation, theory, application, and teaching of programming languages. 
 PLOOC | PLOOC 2015  (with PLDI 2015)  Sat 13 - Wed 17 June 2015   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   Welcome to the website of the PLOOC 2015 conference. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon! 
 PLanQC | PLanQC 2024  (with POPL 2024)  Tue 31 Dec 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   The Fourth International Workshop on Programming Languages for Quantum Computing (PLanQC 2024) aims to bring together researchers from the fields of programming languages and quantum information, exposing the programming languages community to the unique challenges of programming quantum computers. It will promote the development of tools to assist in the process of programming quantum computers, both those that ... 
 PMAM | PMAM 2019  (with PPoPP 2019)  Sat 16 - Wed 20 February 2019   
  Washington, DC, United States   Rapid advancements in multicore and chip-level multi-threading technologies open new challenges and make multicore systems a part of the computing landscape. From high-end servers to mobile phones, multicores and manycores are steadily entering every single aspect of the information technology. However, most programmers are trained in sequential programming, yet most existing parallel programming models are pron ... 
 PMLDC | PMLDC 2017  (with PLDI, ECOOP, Curry On, DEBS, LCTES and ISMM)  Sun 18 - Fri 23 June 2017   
  Barcelona, Spain   Second Workshop on Programming Models and Languages for Distributed Computing Co-located with ECOOP 2017, Barcelona, Spain Date: June 20, 2017 Whether you are programming a rich web application in JavaScript that mutates state in the client’s browser, or you are building a massively deployed mobile application that will operate with client state at the device, it’s undeniable that you are building a distribute ... 
 POCL | POCL 2024  (with POPL 2024)  Tue 16 Jan 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   Hardware support for capabilities offers the prospect of substantially increased security for the computing infrastructure that we all depend on. Capabilities are an old idea, but in the last 15 years the CHERI project, working closely with Arm and others, has proposed extensions to conventional hardware Instruction-Set Architectures (ISAs) with new architectural features based on hardware capabilities, along wit ... 
 PODELSKI | PODELSKI  (with PLDI 2024)  Tue 25 Jun 2024   
  Copenhagen, Denmark   This event will honor Andreas Podelski on the occasion of his 65th birthday. The program will feature talks by Andreas’ collaborators, colleagues, and friends to celebrate his numerous contributions to the field of program analysis and verification. All PLDI 2024 attendees are welcome! 
 POPL | POPL 2025  Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   Welcome to the website of the 52nd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages (POPL 2025). POPL 2025 will take place in Denver, Colorado. See the Call For Paper for detailed information. The annual Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages is a forum for the discussion of all aspects of programming languages and programming systems. Both theoretical and experimental papers are welcome o ... 
 POST | POST 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Mon 8 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   Principles of Security and Trust is a broad forum related to all theoretical and foundational aspects of security and trust. We seek submissions on the foundations of information security, privacy, and trust, relevant for computer science and different application disciplines. Case studies that reflect the strengths and limitations of existing foundations, methods, and their supporting tools are also welcome, as ... 
 PP4REE | PP4REE 2016  (with PPoPP 2016)  Sat 12 - Wed 16 March 2016   
  Barcelona, Spain   Nowadays, the number of components in High Performance Computing (HPC) systems increases at the pace dictated by Moore’s Law, but the mean time between failures (MTBF) for the complete system is significantly shrinking. For example, when accounting for the instruction &amp; data caches and register files, the mean time between soft errors for the Sequoia supercomputer at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory is ... 
 Workshop on Parallel Programming for Analytics Applications | PPAA - cancelled  (with PPoPP 2016)  Sat 12 - Wed 16 March 2016   
  Barcelona, Spain   The PPAA 2016 workshop has been cancelled. Motivation and Scope: Analytics applications are scaling rapidly in terms of the size and variety of data analyzed, the complexity of models explored and tested, and the number of analytics professionals or data scientists supported concurrently. Consumer behavior modeling, IT infrastructure security and resiliency, and fraud detection and prevention are examples of ap ... 
 PPDP | PPDP 2023  (with SPLASH 2023)  Sun 22 - Mon 23 October 2023   
  Cascais, Portugal   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming | PPoPP 2025  Sat 1 - Wed 5 March 2025   
  Las Vegas, Nevada, United States   March 1st – March 5th, 2025, Las Vegas, NV Co-located with CC, CGO and HPCA PPoPP is the premier forum for leading work on all aspects of parallel programming, including theoretical foundations, techniques, languages, compilers, runtime systems, tools, and practical experience. In the context of the symposium, “parallel programming” encompasses work on concurrent and parallel systems (multicore, multi-threaded, ... 
 PRIDE | PRIDE 2022  (with ECOOP 2022)  Mon 6 - Fri 10 June 2022   
  Berlin, Germany   PRIDE 2022: Workshop on Practical Research IDEs Virtual Room Goal of the Workshop The goal of this workshop is to help researchers take their research developments and integrate them easily into existing IDE tools. We are seeking participation from researchers who have developed novel analysis technology and would like an easy way to deploy this technology in existing IDE tools. For example, a new, more-precis ... 
 PROFES | PROFES 2024  Mon 2 - Wed 4 December 2024   
  Tartu, Estonia   Welcome to the website of the 2024 edition of the International Conference on Product-Focused Software Process Improvement (PROFES). PROFES is among the top recognized software development and process improvement conferences.The objective is to provide a premier forum for practitioners, researchers, and educators to present and discuss experiences, ideas, innovations, as well as concerns related to professional ... 
 PROMISE | PROMISE 2024  (with FSE 2024)  Tue 16 Jul 2024   
  Porto de Galinhas, Brazil, Brazil   The International Conference on Predictive Models and Data Analytics in Software Engineering (PROMISE) is an annual forum for researchers and practitioners to present, discuss and exchange ideas, results, expertise and experiences in construction and/or application of predictive models, artificial intelligence, and data analytics in software engineering. PROMISE encourages researchers to publicly share their data ... 
 PROMOTO | PROMOTO 2015  (with SPLASH 2015)  Tue 27 Oct 2015   
  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States   Welcome to the website of the PROMOTO 2015 workshop. 
 PROPL | PROPL 2024  (with POPL 2024)  Sat 20 Jan 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   There are simultaneous crises across the planet due to rising CO2 emissions, rapid biodiversity loss, and desertification. Assessing progress on these complex and interlocking issues requires a global view on the effectiveness of our adaptations and mitigations. To succeed in the coming decades, we need a wealth of new data about our natural environment that we rapidly process into accurate indicators, with suffi ... 
 PROPSER | PROPSER 2021  (with EASE 2021)  Mon 21 - Wed 23 June 2021   
    Workshop website: http://propser.ipd.kit.edu/home/ 
 PSP | PSP  (with SPLASH 2014)  Mon 20 - Tue 21 October 2014   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   Visit http://www.indiana.edu/~psp2014/ for more information. 
 PX | PX/24  (with ‹Programming› 2024)  Mon 11 - Thu 14 March 2024   
  Lund, Sweden   Welcome to the 10th Edition of the Programming Experience Workshop If you intend to participate in the PX/24 workshop, please note that the workshop will allow for structured feedback based on the Writers’ Workshop format. For that, please download and read all submissions in advance, if possible. Remote participation will be ensured. Abstract Some programming feels fun, other ... 
 Panathon | Panathon 2019  (with ECOOP 2019)  Mon 15 - Fri 19 July 2019   
  Hammersmith, London, United Kingdom   Panathon aims to continue a successful trend of program analysis workshops such as SOAP, DECAF at ISSTA, WALA, Panathon(2018). Workshops of this style not only demonstrate emerging technologies but also provide student participants with an opportunity to discover their own research interests, encourage discovery of the contributions that new students and researchers alike can make to existing projects, facilitate ... 
 Parsing@SLE | Parsing@SLE 2017  (with SPLASH 2017)  Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2017   
  Vancouver, Canada   Parsing@SLE 2017 is the fifth annual workshop on parsing programming languages. The intended participants are the authors of parser generation tools and parsers for programming languages and other software languages. For the purpose of this workshop “parsing” is a computation that takes a sequence of characters as input and produces a syntax tree or graph as output. This possibly includes tokenization using regul ... 
 Pharo | Pharo 2015  (with ECOOP 2015)  Mon 6 - Fri 10 July 2015   
  Prague, Czech Republic   Welcome to the website of the Pharo 2015 conference. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon! 
 PiP2 | PiP 2017  (with POPL 2017)  Sat 21 Jan 2017   
    Saturday 21st January, 2017. Paris, France Recent years have seen a number research projects applying rigorous semantics to the analysis or design of industrially significant real-world languages and systems, in various contexts. Principles in Practice (PiP) will be an informal workshop bringing together researchers to discuss the issues involved in engaging with the various industrial communities, in developing ... 
 PriSC | PriSC 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Wed 31 Dec 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   Workshop on Principles of Secure Compilation Secure compilation is an emerging field that puts together advances in security, programming languages, compilers, verification, systems, and hardware architectures in order to devise more secure compilation chains that eliminate many of today’s security vulnerabilities and that allow sound reasoning about security properties in the source language. For a concrete exa ... 
 ProLaLa | ProLaLa 2024  (with SPLASH 2024)  Tue 22 Oct 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   Law at large underpins modern society, codifying and governing many aspects of citizens’ daily lives. Oftentimes, law is subject to interpretation, debate and challenges throughout various courts and jurisdictions. But in some other areas, law leaves little room for interpretation, and essentially aims to rigorously describe a computation, a decision procedure or, simply said, an algorithm. The current state of ... 
 ProWeb | ProWeb 2022  (with ‹Programming› 2022)  Sat 31 Dec 2022   
    CANCELLATION NOTICE: Unfortunately, ProWeb’22 has been cancelled this year. We will be back in 2023 for a new edition of ProWeb. Full-fledged web applications have become ubiquitous on desktop and mobile devices alike. Whereas “responsive” web applications already offered a more desktop-like experience, there is an increasing demand for “rich” web applications (RIAs) that offer collaborative and even off-line fu ... 
 Programming for the Large | Programming for the Large 2018  (with ‹Programming› 2018)  Mon 9 - Thu 12 April 2018   
  Nice, France   Cancelled: Unfortunately, Programming for the Large is canceled for 2018 In the last decade we have witnessed a new kid on the block in the programming (language) community: programming “large computers”. Such computers include many-core machines, clusters of raspberry-pies, industry-scale cluster machines, cloud infrastructure, CUDA and MPI-based supercomputers, etc. Even though such computer systems have been ... 
 Programming with AI | Programming with AI 2024  (with ‹Programming› 2024)  Mon 11 - Thu 14 March 2024   
  Lund, Sweden   Welcome to the Special Late Breaking Track on Programming with AI Abstract The narrative of AI ‘changing everything’ seems inescapable at the moment, with [ironically] programming being one of the first disciplines caught up in the storm. In order to understand the effects of a moment like this, it’s helpful to step away from the rhetoric of exceptionalism and look back at previous examples of such changes - 4 ... 
 Q-SE | Q-SE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   6th International Workshop on Quantum Software Engineering (Q-SE 2025) Quantum computers offer the prospect of unprecedented speed-ups for certain algorithms. However, to realise the quantum advantage one needs to develop sophisticated implementations of quantum algorithms that are often interfaced with classical algorithms. To ensure the reliability of quantum algorithms and their integration with classical sys ... 
 QAPL | QAPL 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   Quantitative aspects of computation refer to the use of physical quantities (time, bandwidth, etc.) as well as mathematical quantities (for example, probabilities) for the characterisation of the behaviour and for determining the properties of systems. Such quantities play a central role in defining both the model of systems (architecture, language design, semantics) and the methodologies and tools for the analys ... 
 QP | QP 2024  (with ‹Programming› 2024)  Mon 11 - Thu 14 March 2024   
  Lund, Sweden   Classical computing is reaching its limit. Thus, it is necessary to revolutionize the current computing form with novel computing paradigms. Towards this end, quantum computing is one of the promising computing paradigms. However, programming quantum computers differs significantly from classical computing due to novel features of quantum computing, such as superposition and entanglement. QP 2024 will provide a ... 
 QSE-NE | QSE-NE 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 RACES | RACES 2012  (with SPLASH 2012)  Sun 21 - Thu 25 October 2012   
  Tucson, Arizona, United States   Workshop on Relaxing Synchronization for Multicore and Manycore Scalability Theme and Goal of the Workshop The RACES workshop is a first attempt at bringing a new school of thought to the attention of the computer science community: that of abandoning absolute certainty in favor of scalability and performance when considering parallel computation. Today, multi core systems are becoming more and more the rule an ... 
 RAIE | RAIE 2024  (with ICSE 2024)  Tue 31 Dec 2024   
  Lisbon, Portugal   2nd International Workshop on Responsible AI Engineering (RAIE’24) Theme &amp; Goals The recent release of ChatGPT, Bard, and other large language model (LLM)-based chatbots has drawn huge global attention. The black box nature and the rapid advancements in AI have sparked significant concerns about responsible AI. It is crucial to ensure that the AI systems are developed and used responsibly throughout their e ... 
 RAISE | RAISE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   The rapid rise of Foundation Models like GPT-4 has transformed AI-powered software (AIware), presenting unprecedented opportunities and challenges in Requirements Engineering (RE). This workshop addresses the need to rethink and enhance RE practices to keep pace with AIware’s capabilities. AIware democratizes software creation via natural language prompts, requiring new RE strategies to ensure these systems are f ... 
 RDP | RDP 2017  (with POPL 2017)  Wed 18 - Fri 20 January 2017   
    The workshop on Reasoning about Declarative Programs (RDP) will bring together researchers from programming languages, distributed computing, declarative networking, and databases, to discuss techniques and stimulate cross-fertilization among these areas. The technical program will consist of invited talks and discussions. We will post talk abstracts on the workshop website but do not plan to have formal proceedings. 
 Rebase | REBASE 2021  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2021)  Fri 31 Dec 2021   
  Online   Rebase is a new conference for and by practitioners who want to engage academics about tomorrow’s technologies while fondly recalling the achievements of yesterday. See the Rebase 2021 homepage. 
 REBLS | REBLS 2023  (with SPLASH 2023)  Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2023   
  Cascais, Portugal   Reactive programming and event-based programming are two closely related programming styles that are becoming ever more important with the advent of advanced HPC technology and the ever increasing requirement for our applications to run on the web or on collaborating mobile devices. A number of publications on middleware and language design — so-called reactive and event-based languages and systems (REBLS) — have ... 
 Requirements Engineering: Foundation for Software Quality (REFSQ) | REFSQ 2025  Mon 7 - Thu 10 April 2025   
  Barcelona, Spain   Welcome to the website of the Requirements Engineering: Foundation for Software Quality (REFSQ) 2025 conference. The 31st International Working Conference on Requirement Engineering: Foundation for Software Quality will take place from the 7th to 10th of April 2025 in Barcelona, Catalunya, Spain (live, in-person). 
 DeepSpec | REMS-DeepSpec 2020  (with PLDI 2020)  Mon 15 - Tue 16 June 2020   
    REMS-DeepSpec 2020 provides a forum for researchers interested in foundational specifications and rigorous engineering of mainstream systems and their components. It will consist of in-depth presentations by members of the REMS project (UK) and DeepSpec (US), invited talks by external experts, and general talks selected in response to a call for short abstracts. No formal proceedings are associated with this even ... 
 RIOT | RIOT 2015  (with ECOOP 2015)  Mon 6 - Fri 10 July 2015   
  Prague, Czech Republic   Welcome to the website of the RIOT 2015 conference. We are working hard to fill the website with all related information. Please check back soon! 
 ROSE Festival | ROSE Festival 2018  (with ESEC/FSE 2018)  Sun 4 - Fri 9 November 2018   
  Lake Buena Vista, Florida, United States   ESEC/FSE hosting a new initiative that aims to take SE research artifacts to the next level. The ROSE festival is a world-wide salute to replication and reproducibility in SE. At the time of this writing, similar events are being considered for RE’19, ICSE’19, ESEC/FSE’19 and ESEM’19. Our aim is to create a venue where researchers can receive public credit for facilitating and participating in open science in SE ... 
 RPLS | RPLS 2025  (with PLDI 2025)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 June 2025   
  Seoul, South Korea   Researchers have presented numerous frameworks for mechanizing the definition of programming languages. Ott takes a language definition in ASCII notation as input and generates various versions of the definition, including LaTeX, Coq, and Isabelle/HOL. K generates tools such as interpreters, model checkers, and verifiers, from language definitions encoded in K’s term rewriting system. PLT Redex supports the speci ... 
 RTFM | RTFM 2024  (with PLDI 2024)  Mon 24 - Fri 28 June 2024   
  Copenhagen, Denmark   We believe our community has come a long way in acknowledging that junior researchers need as much mentoring as they can get to prepare them for future jobs and help them succeed. The PLMW workshop series has made it possible for us to talk openly with students about the challenges and stresses facing graduate students: problems with advisors, paper rejections, mental health, and career planning. However, the sam ... 
 RUMPLE | RUMPLE 2016  (with SPLASH 2016)  Sun 30 October - Fri 4 November 2016   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   Welcome to the 1st Workshop on ReUsable and Modular Programming Language Ecosystems UPDATE: RUMPLE has been CANCELED! The RUMPLE’16 workshop is a venue for discussing a wide range of topics related to modular approaches to programming language implementation, extensible virtual machine architectures, as well as reusable runtime components such as dynamic compilers, interpreters ... 
 Reflection and Runtime Meta-Programming Techniques | Reflect 2016  (with Modularity 2016 )  Mon 14 - Thu 17 March 2016   
  Spain   Workshop We thank all authors for their contributions and all PC members for their insightful reviews. To expose the accepted work to a larger audience, we asked the MASS workshop to include a session on Reflection and thereby facilitate discussion between audience and presenters. The following papers were accepted for presentation: Static Meta-Object Protocols: Towards Efficient Reflective Object-Oriented ... 
 Requirements Engineering | Requirements Engineering 2025  Mon 1 - Fri 5 September 2025   
  Valencia, Spain   Welcome to the website of the 33rd IEEE International Requirements Engineering 2025 conference. The IEEE International Requirements Engineering Conference is the premier requirements engineering conference, where researchers, practitioners, students and educators meet, present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends, experiences and issues in the field of requirements engineering. The 33rd edition of ... 
 ResponsibleSE | ResponsibleSE 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 RoPES | RoPES 2022  (with ICSE 2022)  Tue 17 May 2022   
    Recruitment of Participants for Empirical SE Studies Website also available at https://ropes-workshops.github.io/ropes22/ 
 RoSE | RoSE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   The mission of the RoSE workshop series is to bring together researchers from robotics and software engineering and with practitioners to identify new frontiers in robotics software engineering, discuss challenges raised by real-world applications, and transfer latest insights from research to industry. RoSE aims at gathering contributions from both academic and industrial actors, thus fostering active synergy b ... 
 SA-MDE | SA-MDE 2016  (with SPLASH 2016)  Sun 30 October - Fri 4 November 2016   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   The ALIGNED project is funded by the EU Horizon-2020 programme, bringing together researchers and user communities in model-driven software engineering and in semantic technologies and linked data, aiming to improve the quality and efficiency of engineering workflows in data-intensive activities. The project is developing semantically-aware model-driven tooling, extending the existing Booster system and Model Cat ... 
 SAFE-ML | SAFE-ML 2025  (with ICST 2025)  Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025   
  Naples, Italy   The 1st International Workshop on Secure, Accountable, and Verifiable Machine Learning (SAFE-ML 2025), co-located with the 18th IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST 2025), will be a physical event (Mon 31 March - Fri 4 April 2025) and will be held in Naples, Italy. The International Workshop on Secure, Accountable, and Verifiable Machine Learning (SAFE-ML) addresse ... 
 SALAD | SALAD 2018  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2018)  Mon 16 - Sat 21 July 2018   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   First International Workshop on SoftwAre debLoating And Delayering The Workshop on SoftwAre debLoating And Delayering will be held in conjunction with ECOOP on July 19, 2018. SALAD will features discussion how program analysis and transformation can improve efficiency and safety of software by removing layers of abstraction. This workshop is partly supported by the U.S. Office of Naval Research o ... 
 SANER | SANER 2025  Tue 4 - Fri 7 March 2025   
  Montréal, Québec, Canada   The IEEE International Conference on Software Analysis, Evolution and Reengineering (SANER) is the premier event on the theory and practice of recovering information from existing software and systems. The event explores innovative methods to extract the many kinds of information that can be recovered from software, software engineering documents, and systems artifacts, and examines innovative ways of using this ... 
 Static Analysis Symposium | SAS 2025  (with ICFP/SPLASH 2025)  Wed 31 Dec 2025   
  Singapore   Welcome to the website of the 32nd Static Analysis Symposium (SAS 2025). Static analysis is widely recognized as a fundamental tool for program verification, bug detection, compiler optimization, program understanding, and software maintenance. The series of Static Analysis Symposia has served for more than 30 years as the primary venue for the presentation of theoretical, practical, and application advances in t ... 
 SATrends | SATrends 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   The 2nd International Workshop New Trends in Software Architecture (SATrends2025) In the last years, we experienced a continuous evolution of software architectures. Monolithic systems, n-tier architectures, Service-Oriented architectures, and lately serverless microservices revolutionized system design. Practitioners are keeping on following new trends, including those related to software architectures. It is ... 
 SAVR | SAVR 2017  (with SPLASH 2017)  Tue 24 Oct 2017   
  Vancouver, Canada   Even conservative forecasters predict the imminent wave of Augmented/Virtual/Mixed Reality applications to extend far beyond gaming. Education, health care, analytics, marketing—immersive environments are poised to provide productivity gains in multiple sectors, eventually replacing conventional interfaces with gestures, gaze and natural language processing. The Software Engineering and Programming Language comm ... 
 SBFT | SBFT 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 SBST | SBST 2022  (with ICSE 2022)  Sun 29 May - Fri 3 June 2022   
    About SBST Search-Based Software Testing (SBST) is the application of optimizing search techniques (for example, Genetic Algorithms) to solve problems in software testing. SBST is used to generate test data, prioritize test cases, minimize test suites, optimize software test oracles, reduce human oracle cost, verify software models, test service-orientated architectures, construct test suites for interaction tes ... 
 SCAM | SCAM 2024  (with ICSME 2024)  Mon 7 - Tue 8 October 2024   
    The aim of the IEEE International Conference on Source Code Analysis &amp; Manipulation (SCAM) is to bring together researchers and practitioners working on theory, techniques and applications that concern analysis and/or manipulation of the source code of computer systems. While much attention in the wider software engineering community is properly directed towards other aspects of systems development and evol ... 
 SCM | SCM 2017  (with POPL 2017)  Wed 18 - Fri 20 January 2017   
    Secure compilation aims to preserve high-level language abstractions in compiled code, even against adversarial low-level contexts. The Secure Compilation Meeting (SCM) takes a broad and inclusive view of secure compilation and provides a forum for discussion on the topic. The scope of SCM includes, but is not limited to, efficient enforcement mechanisms (based on static analysis, software rewriting, reference m ... 
 SCORE | SCORE 2021  (with ICSE 2021)  Sat 22 - Sun 30 May 2021   
    WINNERS Congratulations to team Jambú Overflow on winning the SCORE 2021 competition for the project Lepic: Supporting the assessment and management of reading fluency. See here the full announcement along with the list of the finalists. Jambú Overflow Team Vitor N. Cantão, Universidade Federal do Pará Aian Shay B. D.Cardoso, Universidade Federal do Pará Arthur Takeshi N. Yoshikawa, Universidade Fede ... 
 SDD | SDD 2023  (with ESEC/FSE 2023)  Sun 31 Dec 2023   
  San Francisco, California, United States   First International Workshop on Software Defect Datasets (SDD 2023) As technology advances, software plays an ever-increasing role in our daily lives. Unsurprisingly, improving software quality is a central priority of our time. Approaches for understanding, diagnosing, localizing and fixing software defects are usually empirically grounded in datasets of software defects and their fixes. In recent years, a larg ... 
 SE4ADS | SE4ADS 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Wed 31 Dec 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   About SE4ADS Software Engineering research in Autonomous Driving Systems (ADSes) faces some research community-oriented challenges because of the need to use specific hardware to install a complex system (i.e., the ADS) and run necessary tools (e.g., a simulator). Due to such challenges, reproducing research results becomes especially difficult, and newer approaches often either only compare against a random bas ... 
 SE4RAI | SE4RAI 2022  (with ICSE 2022)  Sat 21 - Sun 29 May 2022 
 SE4SafeML | SE4SafeML 2023  (with ESEC/FSE 2023)  Sun 31 Dec 2023   
  San Francisco, California, United States   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 Software Engineering for Sustainable Systems | SE4SuSy 2016  (with Modularity 2016 )  Mon 14 - Thu 17 March 2016   
  Spain   WORKSHOP CANCELLED Thus, this workshop aims to initiate a discussion on topics of capturing, modularly representing, and implementing sustainability-related concerns throughout software engineering life cycle: from requirements engineering through architecture design, implementation, dedicated language engineering, testing, and deployment activities. Software systems are a powerful tool in transforming societies ... 
 SEA4DQ | SEA4DQ 2024  (with FSE 2024)  Mon 15 - Fri 19 July 2024   
  Porto de Galinhas, Brazil, Brazil   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 SEAD | SEAD 2019  (with ASE 2019)  Mon 11 - Fri 15 November 2019   
  San Diego, California, United States   Second International Workshop on Software Security from Design to Deployment (SEAD) In today’s increasingly interconnected software-intensive systems, analyzing, implementing and maintaining security requirements of software-intensive systems and achieving truly secure software systems requires planning for security from the ground up, and continuously assuring that security is maintained across the software’s l ... 
 International Conference on Software Engineering for Adaptive and Self-Managing Systems | SEAMS 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Mon 28 - Tue 29 April 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   Today we are building an exciting future in which autonomous vehicles navigate complex environments, smart cities help solve public problems and achieve a higher quality of life, and service robots support social care workers or perform tasks that are too dangerous for humans. However, these software-intensive systems must continuously preserve and optimize their operation in the presence of uncertain changes in ... 
 SECUTE | SECUTE 2024  (with EASE 2024)  Tue 18 - Fri 21 June 2024   
  Salerno, Italy   Aim of the workshop In the past two decades, the complexity of modern IT systems has surged due to technologies like AI, cloud computing, and microservices. Ensuring security in these systems is challenging. Software security is critical for practitioners to prevent incidents such as data breaches. As complex systems evolve, robust methods to test their security become imperative. Many testing techniques exist, ... 
 SEInfraConfig | SEConfig 2019  (with ASE 2019)  Mon 11 - Fri 15 November 2019   
  San Diego, California, United States   Configuration errors (also known as misconfigurations) have become one of the major causes of system failures, resulting in security vulnerabilities, application outages, and incorrect program executions. Building tools for configuration file support, management, and verification has been an active direction of research. As support for configuration files grows, so too does the scope of their application, for exa ... 
 SEENG | SEENG 2023  (with ICSE 2023)  Sun 31 Dec 2023   
  Melbourne, Australia   In the last 30 years, the demands placed on software engineers have increased dramatically. This is because the systems they develop increase in complexity, size, and criticality as well. Novel system types like adaptive systems or cyber-physical systems and new technologies, like artificial intelligence and virtual reality change the technology landscape. Professionals creating such systems hence need to stay on ... 
 SEH | SEH 2021  (with ICSE 2021)  Thu 3 Jun 2021   
    Healthcare systems in many countries are leveraging emerging technologies (e.g., cloud computing, big data, mobile apps, data science, biosensors, and wearable devices) and modern software engineering approaches to ensure continuous quality improvement in the presence of rapid change and increasing challenges. Software-intensive systems are seen as a key enabler for healthcare system reform in many jurisdictions ... 
 International Workshop on Software Engineering Intelligence | SEI 2019  (with ASE 2019)  Mon 11 - Fri 15 November 2019   
  San Diego, California, United States   International Workshop on Software Engineering Intelligence The goal for the SEI workshop is to develop a community around Software Engineering Intelligence. Software Engineering intelligence (SEI) comprises a variety of computational intelligence methodologies and approaches to address software engineering problems. The participants of the workshop will work together on creating a research agenda targeting seve ... 
 SER&IP | SER&IP '21  (with ICSE 2021)  Fri 4 Jun 2021   
    The aim of the workshop is to bring together researchers and practitioners to discuss the current state of Software Engineering (SE) research and Industrial Practice (IP), and advance collaboration to reduce the gap between research and practice. Researchers can be unaware of real problems and constraints in practice, whereas practitioners may find themselves unable to adopt existing useful research. Practitione ... 
 SERI | SERI 2024  Fri 19 - Sat 20 July 2024   
  Coimbatore, India   The Software Engineering Research in India (SERI) Update Meetings conducted annually, are informal events, with the aim of bringing together faculty, students, industrial researchers, and practitioners working in software engineering, to present and discuss advances in their areas of interest. The 2024 edition of SERI update meet will be hosted by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Coimbatore campus. This will be an in- ... 
 SERP4IoT | SERP4IoT 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   7th International Workshop on Software Engineering Research &amp; Practices for the Internet of Things SERP4IoT 2025, ICSE 2025, Ottawa (Canada) We face a new software crisis. In 1968, computer scientists learned that developing robust software requires skills, methods, and tools. Today, software and hardware engineers realize that developing a robust Internet of Things (IoT) also pushes the states of their art ... 
 SESoS/WDES | SESoS 2024  (with ICSE 2024)  Tue 31 Dec 2024   
  Lisbon, Portugal   12th ACM/IEEE International Workshop on Software Engineering for Systems-of-Systems and Software Ecosystems (SESoS 2024) The 12th International Workshop on Software Engineering for Systems-of-Systems and Software Ecosystems (SESoS 2024) provides researchers and practitioners with a forum to exchange ideas and experiences, analyze research and development issues, discuss promising solutions, and propose theoreti ... 
 SEiA | SEiA 2018  (with * ICSE 2018 *)  Sun 27 - Mon 28 May 2018   
  Gothenburg, Sweden   The Symposium on Software Engineering in Africa (SEiA) is a forum for researchers, innovators, and leading professionals to discuss the state and future of software engineering in Africa. SEiA 2018 has been organized with the purpose of increasing participation of researchers from Africa in international Software Engineering community. The event provides a platform for exchanging ideas on the role of software eng ... 
 SEthics | SEthics 2021  (with ICSE 2021)  Fri 4 Jun 2021   
    Workshop webpage Available at http://sethics.org/sethics2021/ &nbsp; 
 SIGCSE TS | SIGCSE TS 2025  Wed 26 February - Sat 1 March 2025   
  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States   Welcome! The Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE TS) is organized by the ACM Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE) and is the organization’s flagship conference. The SIGCSE Technical Symposium addresses problems common among educators working to develop, implement and/or evaluate computing programs, curricula, and courses. The symposium provides a forum for sharing n ... 
 SIGCSE Virtual | SIGCSE Virtual 2024  Thu 5 - Sun 8 December 2024   
    Welcome to SIGCSE Virtual 2024! The ACM Virtual Global Computing Education Conference (SIGCSE VIRTUAL) is organized by the ACM Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education (SIGCSE) and is the newest SIGCSE conference. Similar to the other SIGCSE conference, it addresses problems common among educators working to develop, implement and/or evaluate computing programs, curricula, and courses. SIGCSE Virtua ... 
 SLE | SLE 2025  (with STAF 2025)  Thu 12 - Fri 13 June 2025   
  Koblenz, Germany   The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution. With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its ... 
 SLEBoK | SLEBoK 2018  (with SPLASH 2018)  Sun 4 - Fri 9 November 2018   
  Boston, Massachusetts, United States   The field of software language engineering (SLE) has emerged based on a strong motivation to connect and integrate different research disciplines such as compiler construction, reverse engineering, software transformation, model-driven engineering, and ontologies. SLE is defined as the application of systematic, disciplined, and measurable approaches to the development, deployment, use, and maintenance of softwar ... 
 SOAP | SOAP 2025  (with PLDI 2025)  Mon 16 Jun 2025   
  Seoul, South Korea   Static and dynamic analysis techniques and tools for mainstream programming languages (such as Java, C, JavaScript), have received widespread attention for a long time. The application domains of these analyses range from core libraries to modern technologies such as web services and mobile applications. Over time, various analysis frameworks have been developed to provide techniques for optimizing programs, ensu ... 
 SOOP | SOOP'20  (with SPLASH 2020)  Mon 13 - Fri 17 July 2020   
  Online Conference   Due to COVID-19, SOOP is postponed. The war is over, it’s objects all the way down. “WELCOME TO ECOOP'97 This year, 1997, marks the 30th anniversary of Simula, and thus of object-oriented programming, the 25th anniversary of Smalltalk, and the 10th anniversary of ECOOP. We cordially invite all researchers practitioners, educators, and students interested in object technology to attend ECOOP '97, the 11t ... 
 SPIN | SPIN 2021  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2021)  Mon 12 Jul 2021   
  Online   The 27th edition of the SPIN symposium aims at bringing together researchers and practitioners interested in automated tool-based techniques for the analysis of software as well as models of software, for the purpose of verification and validation. The symposium specifically focuses on concurrent software but does not exclude the analysis of sequential software. Submissions are solicited on theoretical results, n ... 
 SPIoT | SPIoT 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   The workshop on Security Practices for Internet of Things addresses the security issues of IoT devices from the formal and practical viewpoint. IoT devices are creeping into everyday life by promising wondrous features. However, a malicious attacker can easily exploit these devices to build botnets, lock them with ransomware, or use them as a bridgehead into less accessible networks. The objective of the SPIoT wo ... 
 SPLASH | SPLASH 2025  (with ICFP/SPLASH 2025)  Sun 12 - Sat 18 October 2025   
  Singapore   Welcome to the website of the SPLASH 2025 conference. The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Systems, Programming, Languages and Applications: Software for Humanity (SPLASH) embraces all aspects of software construction and delivery, to make it the premier conference on the applications of programming languages - at the intersection of programming languages and software engineering. This year, for the firs ... 
 SSBSE | SSBSE 2024  (with FSE 2024)  Mon 15 Jul 2024   
  Porto de Galinhas, Brazil, Brazil   Join us live on our Twitch stream Starting Monday 15th of July @9:00am BRT (2pm CEST) here Conference proceedings The conference proceedings are available here (until the end of August, 2024). The online registration is now open! SSBSE uses FSE’s registration system. Click here for registration. Welcome to the website of the Symposium on Search-Based Software Engineering 2024. SSBSE 2024 will take pla ... 
 ST | ST30  (with SPLASH 2023)  Sun 22 - Mon 23 October 2023   
  Cascais, Portugal   22nd and 23rd October Session types are a type-theoretic approach to specifying communication protocols so that they can be verified by type-checking. This year marks 30 years since the first paper on session types, by Kohei Honda at CONCUR 1993. Since then the topic has attracted increasing interest, and a substantial community and literature have developed. Google Scholar lists almost 400 articles with “sessio ... 
 STAF | STAF 2025  Tue 10 - Fri 13 June 2025   
  Koblenz, Germany   Software Technologies: Applications and Foundations (STAF) is a federation of leading conferences on software technologies which runs annually; the conferences that participate may vary from year to year, but all focus on practical and foundational advances in software technology. The conferences address all aspects of software technology, from object-oriented design, testing, formal approaches to modelling and v ... 
 STATIC | STATIC 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   STATIC 2025 The 1st International Workshop on Advancing Static Analysis for Researchers and Industry Practitioners in Software Engineering. Static analysis examines software without executing the code to detect defects, security vulnerabilities, code smells, etc. It is paramount for early bug detection, improving code quality, and enhancing security. By proactively identifying defects before code is executed, s ... 
 STOKED | STOKED 2019  (with SPLASH 2019)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2019   
  Athens, Greece   Global coverage and temporal resolutions of earth observation imagery data is increasing at an unprecedented rate, generating trillions of new pixels of data daily. The challenge with this ‘big data’ is finding practical ways to extract knowledge and deliver it to end users at scale, both due to the complex nature and the sheer volume of information. Detailed, standardized geographic information is required to e ... 
 STOP | STOP 2016  (with ECOOP 2016)  Mon 18 - Fri 22 July 2016   
  Rome, Italy   Welcome to the 5th Script To Program Evolution Workshop In recent years there has been increased interest in scripting languages, the migration from scripts to large programs, and the interplay between typed and untyped code. New languages such as TypeScript, Hack, Dart, Typed Racket, and GradualTalk, to name a few, have begun to explore the integration of dynamic and static typing within ... 
 SVM | SVM 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   Software vulnerabilities can cause tremendous operational and financial damage to individuals and organizations in the event of cyber attacks. For example, the Log4J vulnerability can make millions of systems worldwide open to cyber attacks and potentially cause billions of dollars of damage. Software Vulnerability Management (SVM) is a critical process during software development to ensure software security and ... 
 SWGeno | SWGeno 2025  (with FSE 2025)  Mon 23 - Fri 27 June 2025   
  Trondheim, Norway   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 SYCL | SYCL 2017  (with PPoPP 2017)  Sat 4 - Wed 8 February 2017   
  Austin, Texas, United States   SYCL is a new Khronos specification for heterogeneous computing built on top of OpenCL and C++. The SYCL 1.2 specification was published on May 2015, and the current SYCL 2.2 specification has been published on February 2016. Behind these two specifications, there has been an important community effort ongoing for more than five years. Now with the specifications available and with Codeplay releasing their Codepl ... 
 SYNTCOMP Camp | SYNT Camp 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   The target audience of this short tutorial (3.5 hours) are researchers that are interested in the state of the art regarding theory and implementations of the automatic synthesis of reactive systems. With the advent of the reactive synthesis competition (SYNTCOMP: http://www.syntcomp.org/), the synthesis community has made major improvements both with respect to efficient algorithms and their implementation in m ... 
 Scala | Scala 2022  (with ECOOP 2022)  Mon 6 Jun 2022   
  Berlin, Germany   Welcome to the ACM SIGPLAN Scala Symposium, 2022! Scala is a general purpose programming language designed to express common programming patterns in a concise, elegant, and type-safe way. It smoothly integrates features of object-oriented and functional languages. The Scala Symposium is the leading forum for researchers and practitioners related to the Scala programming language. We welcome a broad spectrum of ... 
 Scheme | Scheme 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Mon 2 - Sat 7 September 2024   
  Milan, Italy   The Scheme and Functional Programming Workshop is a yearly meeting of programming language practitioners who share an aesthetic sense embodied by the Algorithmic Language Scheme: universality through minimalism, and flexibility through rigorous design. 
 International Workshop on Software Security | Secure Software '24  (with EASE 2024)  Tue 18 - Fri 21 June 2024   
  Salerno, Italy   Over the last decade, many organizations have focused on software security because modern applications typically operate in a hostile network-based environment. Traditionally, organizations have tried to address security concerns by finding and fixing security vulnerabilities once the software development cycle is completed. Software needs to be secured against any unauthorized users, and this can be achieved by ... 
 Smart Software Strategies | Smart Software Strategies 2015  (with SPLASH 2015)  Mon 26 Oct 2015   
  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States   We should learn from the past – to use what we learn for the next problem. What can we learn from the experiences of Y2K? There are some lessons about software design and software maintenance that we might apply to the next wave of software and technology: Y2K bugs: In the late 1990s, software developers and managers were furiously working to analyze and fix potential “Y2K bugs.” We all knew that there were ... 
 SoHeal | SoHeal 2021  (with ICSE 2021)  Sat 29 May 2021   
    Welcome to the 4th International Workshop on Software Health in Projects, Ecosystems and Communities (SoHeal). SoHeal aims to enable and promote collaboration between academia and industry, unifying the views on software health of researchers and practitioners. The workshop’s goals are to: (i) raise awareness of practitioners’ problems with software health; (ii) familiarize practitioners with the progress made b ... 
 Sparse | Sparse 2024  (with PLDI 2024)  Mon 24 - Fri 28 June 2024   
  Copenhagen, Denmark   The Sparse workshop (formerly CTSTA) aims to bring together researchers interested in compiler techniques, programming abstractions, and hardware for sparse computing including sparse tensor algebra, relational algebra, and graph processing applications. Due to the large number of applications, optimization techniques, types of data structures, and specialized hardware, there is a need for automation. In recent y ... 
 Summer School on Multicore Programming | Summer School on Multicore Programming 2014  (with SPLASH 2014)  Fri 17 - Sun 19 October 2014   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   The Summer School on Multicore Programming (MPSS) is a chance to gain extensive, hands-on experience in Java multicore development and the Eclipse platform. Summer School runs from the afternoon of Friday, October 17 through the evening of Sunday, October 19. Integrated lecture-labs will form the basis of the coursework. Teaching assistants will be on-hand to help participants during the lab portions. The Summer ... 
 SySEPL | SySEPL 2020  (with SPLASH 2020)  Mon 13 - Fri 17 July 2020   
  Online Conference   Due to COVID-19, SySEPL will be postponed to 2021. Software Engineering and Programming Languages research have many commonalities. Both are interested in how computational tasks are formulated, and how to assist developers in express those tasks into correct and efficient code. Yet, the two communities have somewhat different approaches to the same problems. This workshop aims to bring practitioners toget ... 
 SynCoP | SynCoP 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   SynCoP aims at bringing together researchers working on verification and parameter synthesis for systems with discrete or continuous parameters, in which the parameters influence the behaviour of the system in ways that are complex and difficult to predict. Such problems may arise for real-time, hybrid or probabilistic systems in a large variety of application domains. The parameters can be continuous (e.g. timin ... 
 TACAS | TACAS 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Mon 8 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   TACAS is a forum for researchers, developers and users interested in rigorously based tools and algorithms for the construction and analysis of systems. The conference aims to bridge the gaps between different communities with this common interest and to support them in their quest to improve the utility, reliability, flexibility and efficiency of tools and algorithms for building systems. Theoretical papers wit ... 
 TAIC PART | TAIC PART 2020  (with ICST 2020)  Sat 24 Oct 2020   
  Porto, Portugal   Software testing is the perfect candidate among software engineering activities for the union of academic and industrial minds. The workshop Testing: Academia-Industry Collaboration, Practice and Research Techniques (TAIC PART) is a unique event that provides a stimulating platform to facilitate collaboration between industry and academia on challenging and exciting problems of real-world software testing. The wo ... 
 TAP | TAP 2023  (with STAF 2023)  Tue 18 - Wed 19 July 2023   
  Leicester, United Kingdom   Scope The TAP conference promotes research in verification and formal methods that targets the interplay of proofs and testing: the advancement of techniques of each kind and their combination, with the ultimate goal of improving software and system dependability. Research in verification has seen a steady convergence of heterogeneous techniques and a synergy between the traditionally distinct areas of testing ... 
 TAPAS | TAPAS 2020  (with SPLASH 2020)  Thu 31 Dec 2020   
  Online Conference   11th Workshop on Tools for Automatic Program Analysis In recent years, a wide range of static analysis tools have emerged, some of which are currently in industrial use or are well beyond the advanced prototype level. Many impressive practical results have been obtained, which allow complex properties to be proven or checked in a fully or semi-automatic way, even in the context of complex software developments. ... 
 TAVCPSIOT | TAV-CPS/IoT 2018  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2018)  Mon 16 - Sat 21 July 2018   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   Workshop on Testing, Analysis, and Verification of Cyber-Physical Systems and Internet of Things Embedded and cyber-physical systems (e.g., avionics, robotics, medical devices, IoT devices) are different from traditional systems: they are environment (e.g., hardware) dependent; they are distributed and can employ different concurrency control mechanisms to coordinate software components; they can have timing and ... 
 Technical Debt | TD  (with SPLASH 2014)  Mon 20 - Tue 21 October 2014   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   Visit http://manclswx.com/workshops/splash14/ for more information. 
 TMC | TMC 2011  (with SPLASH 2011)  Sat 22 - Thu 27 October 2011   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   Transition to Multicore TMC is focused on tools and systems for parallel programming that are interoperable with legacy code, minimize the annotation burden for developers, and match well with current industry practice. We solicit industry experience reports about working or unworkable examples of such tools or systems, as well as research reports on topics including: Surveys or empirical studies measuring t ... 
 TPSA | TPSA 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   About While decades of research in program logics, abstract interpretation, and separation logic provide a strong foundation for automated static analysis, new challenges have arisen in recent years, spurring accelerated innovation in both the underlying theory and practical implementation of static analysis systems. One such example is the challenge of incorrectness reasoning. Bug-finding has long been an impo ... 
 TRANSACT | TRANSACT 2017  (with PPoPP 2017)  Sat 4 - Wed 8 February 2017   
  Austin, Texas, United States   The past decade has seen an explosion of interest in programming languages, systems, and hardware to support transactions, speculation, and related alternatives to classical lock-based concurrency. Recently, transactional memory has crossed two important thresholds. First, IBM and Intel are now shipping processors with hardware support for transactional memory (TM). Second, the C++ Standard Committee has been wor ... 
 TTC | TTC 2025  (with STAF 2025)  Mon 7 - Thu 10 July 2025   
  Koblenz, Germany   Changed Format This year, we changed the format of the TTC. The most important changes are the following: You can still submit cases and solutions, but from this year, you can also submit new or significantly updated solutions to past cases. For this, we created an Overview page that lists past cases. If you submit a solution to an older case, you have to compare your solution with all known existing solut ... 
 TTT | TTT 2017  (with POPL 2017)  Wed 18 - Fri 20 January 2017   
    TTT : Type Theory Based Tools [We have funding possibilities for students and young researchers, see below. Note the early deadline.] Overview The aim of this workshop is to showcase modern tools based on type theory, whether designed for programming or for verification, whether academic projects or used in an industrial setting. It will provide a forum to highlight and discuss their common and their distincti ... 
 TURBO | TURBO'18  (with SPLASH 2018)  Sun 4 - Fri 9 November 2018   
  Boston, Massachusetts, United States   As software demands&nbsp;evolve and grow, new programming languages emerge and rise to popularity. However, supporting more advanced language runtime features such as just-in-time (JIT) compilation and garbage collection (GC) for a new language is no easy feat. Writing your own full-featured JIT and GC usually requires reading profusely on the subjects and implementing everything from scratch over a long period o ... 
 International Conference on Technical Debt | TechDebt 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sun 27 - Mon 28 April 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   Welcome to the website of the ACM/IEEE International Conference on Technical Debt 2025. The TechDebt conference series is the premier event to bring together leading software engineering researchers, practitioners, educators, and tool developers to discuss approaches for managing various types of Technical Debt (TD), to share experiences and best practices, and to identify key challenges for industry and academia. 
 TestADS | TestADS 2024  (with ICST 2024)  Mon 27 - Fri 31 May 2024   
  Canada   The TestADS’24 Workshop has been cancelled due to low number of submissions. == The Testing of Automated Driving Systems (TestADS) Workshop aims to bring together experts in all aspects of testing ADS software. The focus will be on presenting research papers from academia and industry, but experience reports are welcome, too. TestADS aims to form a community of software engineers with backgrounds in Machine Lea ... 
 TestEd | TestEd 2024  (with ICST 2024)  Tue 28 May 2024   
  Canada   The Software Testing Education workshop (TestEd 2024) will aim to identify and promote best practices in software testing education, including curriculum design, inclusivity, engagement, and industrial relevance. TestEd will feature different types of sessions and invite submissions at all educational levels. TestEd 2024 will focus on knowledge diffusion. The research community has created enormous amounts of kn ... 
 Testing Competition | Testing Competition  (with ISSTA 2019)  Mon 15 - Fri 19 July 2019   
  Beijing, China   Software testing has become an indispensable task of the software industry. The universities provide students with the fundamental knowledge and techniques of software testing. But students often ignore industry practices and lack real-world testing experience. To address this problem, ISSTA 2019 with the sponsor of MoocTest organizes testing competition for students. The competition aims to bring real-world test ... 
 The Future of Weak Memory | The Future of Weak Memory 2024  (with POPL 2024)  Mon 15 Jan 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   Update 5-Mar-2024: Videos of the workshop talks are now available in this YouTube playlist. Weak memory has been an active research area for well over a decade now, with many key results published here at POPL. Researchers have built many formal models of how weak memory works (or should work) in a variety of languages and architectures, and they have designed and implemented many analyses that take weak-memor ... 
 ToCaMS | ToCaMS 2020  (with ICST 2020)  Wed 28 Oct 2020   
  Porto, Portugal   ToCaMS 2020, the first ICST Workshop on Testing of Configurable and Multi-variant Systems, will focus on methods and tools for the automated generation and execution of tests for software-based systems that are highly configurable and customizable. As more and more software-based products and services are available in many different variants, new challenges for the software quality assurance processes arise. In t ... 
 Truffle | Truffle 2022  (with ECOOP 2022)  Mon 6 - Fri 10 June 2022   
  Berlin, Germany   Truffle 2022: Truffle/GraalVM Languages Workshop The Truffle/GraalVM Languages Workshop is intended to bring together researchers and developers from both industry and academia that work with the technologies offered by the Truffle language framework and the GraalVM runtime, as well as those working on related approaches pertaining to specializing dynamic language runtimes and tooling. The workshop is meant to f ... 
 TyDe | TyDe 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Fri 6 - Sat 7 September 2024   
  Milan, Italy   The Workshop on Type-Driven Development (TyDe) aims to show how static type information may be used effectively in the development of computer programs. Co-located with ICFP, this workshop brings together leading researchers and practitioners who are using or exploring types as a means of program development. We welcome all contributions, both theoretical and practical, on a range of topics including: depend ... 
 Unsound | UNSOUND 2024  (with SPLASH 2024)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   Sources of Unsoundness in Type Systems and Verification This workshop, which is in its second instance, is about all aspects of unsoundness in type system and verification tools and theories. It is meant to entertain a community-wide discussion on possible sources of unsoundness and how to avert, address, and tackle them. We are particularly interested in the presentation of previously unknown or lesser known pr ... 
 VEE | VEE 2022  Tue 1 Mar 2022   
    VEE will be held with ASPLOS 2022. More information of the papers can be accessed here: https://www.sigops.org/s/conferences/vee/2022/toc.html 
 VIMPL | VIMPL 2024  (with ‹Programming› 2024)  Mon 11 - Thu 14 March 2024   
  Lund, Sweden   The tension between unconstrained mutation and algebraic semantic reasoning has been well known at least since Backus’ 1977 Turing Award paper introducing FP. After decades of bifurcation into communities that either ignored the problem, or addressed it by insisting on strict immutability, the PL field has recently begun to explore more nuanced approaches that emphasize the independence of mutable values. Value ... 
 VISSOFT | VISSOFT 2024  (with ICSME 2024)  Sun 6 - Mon 7 October 2024   
    This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 Vivek Sarkar Festschrift Symposium | VIVEKFEST  (with SPLASH 2024)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   The Vivek Sarkar Festschrift Symposium is being planned on 21st Oct, 2024 in Pasadena, California at the SPLASH’24. This day-long symposium will be to celebrate the scholarship and teaching of Prof. Vivek Sarkar, the Chair of the School of Computer Science at Georgia Tech and the Stephen Fleming Chair for Telecommunications in the College of Computing. The theme of the symposium is “Principles and Practices of B ... 
 VMCAI | VMCAI 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Mon 20 - Tue 21 January 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   Welcome to the website of the 26th International Conference on Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation (VMCAI 2025). VMCAI provides a forum for researchers from the communities of Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation, facilitating interaction, cross-fertilization, and advancement of hybrid methods that combine these and related areas. VMCAI 2025 will be the 25th edition in ... 
 VMIL | VMIL 2024  (with SPLASH 2024)  Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2024   
  Pasadena, California, United States   Virtual Machines are pervasive in the design and implementation of programming systems. In fact, languages implemented as virtual machines are crucial in the specification, implementation, and deployment of most programming technologies. The VMIL workshop is a forum for researchers and cutting-edge practitioners in language virtual machines, the intermediate languages they use, and related issues. 
 VORTEX | VORTEX 2024  (with ISSTA/ECOOP 2024)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 September 2024   
  Vienna, Austria   7th Workshop on Verification and Monitoring at Runtime Execution Runtime Monitoring (RM) is concerned with the runtime analysis of software and hardware system executions in order to infer properties relating to system behaviour. Example applications include telemetry, log aggregation, threshold alerting, performance monitoring and adherence to correctness properties (more commonly referred to as runtime verific ... 
 VPT | VPT 2019  (with ‹Programming› 2019)  Mon 1 - Thu 4 April 2019   
  Genoa, Italy   The aim of the VPT 2019 workshop is to bring together researchers working in the fields of Program Verification and Program Transformation. There is a great potential for beneficial interactions between these two fields because: On one hand, methods and tools developed in the field of Program Transformation such as partial evaluation, fold/unfold transformations, and supercompilation, have all been applied with ... 
 VerifyThis | VerifyThis 2019  (with ETAPS 2019)  Sat 6 - Thu 11 April 2019   
  Prague, Czech Republic   The aims of the competition are: to bring together those interested in formal verification, and to provide an engaging, hands-on, and fun opportunity for discussion, to evaluate the usability of logic-based program verification tools in a controlled experiment that could be easily repeated by others. The competition will offer a number of challenges presented in natural language and pseudo code. Particip ... 
 WADT | WADT 2024  (with STAF 2024)  Mon 8 Jul 2024   
  Enschede, Netherlands   The 27th International Workshop on Algebraic Development Techniques (WADT 2024) will be held in Enschede, the Netherlands, as part of STAF 2024 (Software Technologies: Applications and Foundations). The workshop will take place under the auspices of IFIP WG 1.3. Aims and scope The algebraic approach to system specification encompasses many aspects of the formal design of software systems. Originally born as a f ... 
 WAIN | WAIN'21  (with ICSE 2021)  Sun 30 - Mon 31 May 2021   
    Mirror WAIN’21 page Welcome to WAIN’21 - 1st Workshop on AI Engineering – Software Engineering for AI The aim of the workshop is to bring together researchers and practitioners in software engineering, in data-science and AI, and to build up a community that will target the new challenges emerging in Software Engineering that AI/data-science engineers and software engineers are facing in development of AI-bas ... 
 WASM | WAW 2024  (with POPL 2024)  Mon 15 Jan 2024   
  London, United Kingdom   WebAssembly is a general-purpose low-level virtual machine. It was the first programming language to be introduced to the Web since JavaScript, and has since been adopted in many other environments, such as edge and cloud computing, mobile computing, blockchains, and embedded systems. Unusually for an industrial language, WebAssembly’s normative specification is stated fully in terms of a pen-and-paper formal sem ... 
 WAW | WAW 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   WebAssembly is a general-purpose low-level virtual machine. It was the first programming language to be introduced to the Web since JavaScript, and has since been adopted in many other environments, such as edge and cloud computing, mobile computing, blockchains, and embedded systems. Unusually for an industrial language, WebAssembly’s normative specification is stated fully in terms of a pen-and-paper formal sem ... 
 WAX | WAX 2019  (with PLDI 2019)  Sat 22 - Wed 26 June 2019   
  Phoenix, Arizona, United States   WAX is a workshop on approximate computing, a research direction that asks how computer systems can be made better—faster, more efficient, and less complex—by relaxing the requirement that they be exactly correct. Approximation arises from sources as diverse as sensors, machine learning algorithms, and big data applications. Approximate systems raise questions from across the system stack, from circuits to applic ... 
 WCIRE | WCIRE 2017  (with PLDI, ECOOP, Curry On, DEBS, LCTES and ISMM)  Sun 18 - Fri 23 June 2017   
  Barcelona, Spain   The Workshop on Compiler Infrastructures for Research and Education (WCIRE) aims to bring together developers of compiler infrastructures, researchers interested in compiler infrastructures, and users of compiler infrastructures in academia. The workshop will consist of developer talks describing different compiler infrastructures and their use, and user talks describing how compiler infrastructures have been use ... 
 WETSEB | WETSEB 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 WGT | WGT 2020  (with POPL 2020)  Sun 19 - Sat 25 January 2020   
  New Orleans, Louisiana, United States   The Workshop on Gradual Typing (WGT) aims at disseminating the latest results on the integration of compile­-time and run­-time checking of program invariants, such as the integration of static and dynamic type checking. The workshop serves as an incubator for ideas, open problems, and manuscripts: it is a place where the community can meet, discuss, and give each other constructive feedback. The workshop will en ... 
 WITS | WITS 2025  (with POPL 2025)  Sat 25 Jan 2025   
  Denver, Colorado, United States   WITS 2025 is the fourth Workshop on the Implementation of Type Systems. The workshop will be held on January 25, 2025, in Denver, USA, co-located with POPL. The goal of this workshop is to bring together the implementors of a variety of languages with advanced type systems. The main focus is on the practical issues that come up in the implementation of these systems, rather than the theoretical frameworks that un ... 
 WODA | WODA 2017  (with SPLASH 2017)  Sun 22 - Fri 27 October 2017   
  Vancouver, Canada   WODA’17 was a great success. Thanks to all speakers and participants! A subset of the WODA’17 attendees: The 2017 edition of WODA features an outstanding line-up of invited speakers. The workshop is open to everybody interested. The International Workshop on Dynamic Analysis (WODA) is the place where researchers interested in dynamic analysis and related topics can meet and discuss current research, issues, ... 
 WOSC | WOSC  (with SPLASH 2014)  Mon 20 - Fri 24 October 2014   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   Building on a successful workshop last year, the second Workshop on Stencil Computations is now ACM-sponsored and proceedings will be published in the ACM Digital Library. 
 WOSCA | WOSCA 2021  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2021)  Sun 11 - Sat 17 July 2021   
  Online   WOSCA’21 has been cancelled. Smart contracts are versatile instruments that can not only facilitate and verify transactions in financial services, but also track the movement of physical goods and intellectual property. Security and correctness are essential for smart contract technology, because contracts possess the authority to allocate high-value resources between complex systems and are, for the most part, ... 
 WOW | WOW 2015  (with PLDI 2015)  Sat 13 - Wed 17 June 2015   
  Portland, Oregon, United States   Please see the external WOW’15 website for more information. 
 WPMVP | WPMVP 2020  (with PPoPP 2020)  Sat 22 - Wed 26 February 2020   
  San Diego, California, United States   Call for Papers SIMD processing is still a main driver of performance in general-purpose processor architectures besides multi-core technology. Both technologies increase the potential performance by factors, but have to be explicitly utilized by the software. To expose those different levels of parallelism in a productive and manageable way is still an active area of research. NVIDIA stirred the programming int ... 
 WQS | WQS 2025  (with PLDI 2025)  Mon 16 - Fri 20 June 2025   
  Seoul, South Korea   Learning how to program quantum computers is the next critical skill for developers. Despite this, current quantum programming tools are still at an early stage of the development process, which limits the possibility of creating real complex quantum software systems. The most urgent need for quantum software today is a systematic and unifying approach to quantum programming, with the following main objectives: ... 
 WSESE | WSESE 2025  (with ICSE 2025)  Sat 26 April - Sun 4 May 2025   
  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   Theme &amp; Goals With the steep increase in empirical studies and the advent of secondary studies that aggregate their results, a main concern is their quality. Although researchers have raised concerns about various quality issues for many years, many of these issues persist, partially due to the complexity of empirical studies in our field—whether human subjects are involved or not. Problems related to approp ... 
 WoSSCA | WoSSCA 2018  (with ECOOP and ISSTA 2018)  Mon 16 - Sat 21 July 2018   
  Amsterdam, Netherlands   First Workshop on Speculative Side Channel Analysis Side channels have dramatically gained attention in January this year when security researchers disclosed several attacks with the potential to improperly gather sensitive data from the majority of computing devices. Vendors of both processors and operating systems are scrambling to fix their systems. There is no reason to believe these attack ... 
 X10 | X10  (with PLDI 2016)  Mon 13 - Fri 17 June 2016   
  Santa Barbara, California, United States   The concurrency and scale-out era is upon us. Application programmers need to confront the architectural challenge of multiples cores and accelerators, clusters and supercomputers. A central need is the development of a usable programming model that can address these challenges – dealing with thousands of cores and peta-bytes of data. The open-source X10 programming language is designed to address these twin cha ... 
 XP | XP 2025  Mon 2 - Thu 5 June 2025   
  Brugg - Windisch, Switzerland   XP 2025 • Brugg-Windisch, Switzerland • June 2-5, 2025 We welcome the XP community for the first time in Switzerland! XP is the premier agile software development conference, that combines, both, research and practice. It is a unique forum where agile researchers, practitioners, thought leaders, coaches, and trainers gather to present and discuss their most recent innovations and research results. At its ince ... 
 QP4SE | [virtual] QP4SE 2023  (with ESEC/FSE 2023)  Mon 4 Dec 2023   
  San Francisco, California, United States   This page will soon grow in content and contain information about the scope of this research track. 
 miniKanren | miniKanren 2024  (with ICFP 2024)  Fri 6 Sep 2024   
  Milan, Italy   The miniKanren and Relational Programming Workshop is a workshop for the miniKanren family of relational (pure constraint logic programming) languages: miniKanren, microKanren, core.logic, OCanren, Guanxi, etc. The workshop solicits papers and talks on the design, implementation, and application of miniKanren-like languages. A major goal of the workshop is to bring together researchers, implementors, and users fr ... 
 TinyML Research Symposium | tinyML Research Symposium 2025  Tue 25 February - Sun 27 April 2025   
  Austin, Texas, United States   Tiny machine learning (tinyML) is a fast-growing field of machine learning technologies enabling on-device sensor data processing at extremely low power, typically in the milliwatt range and below. The tinyML ecosystem is fueled by (i) current applications in vision and audio that are already becoming mainstream and commercially available; (ii) emerging low-power commercial applications and new system concepts on ... 
 xDD | xDD 2012  (with SPLASH 2012)  Sun 21 - Thu 25 October 2012   
  Tucson, Arizona, United States   SPLASH ’12 Workshop - What Drives Design? Designers are busy people, and they are getting busier. In today’s world designers must deal with three competing pressures: A relentless avalanche of new knowledge about rapidly evolving applications domains and platforms, everything from smart phones, tablets and social networking to finance and defense systems, An insatiable marketplace demanding and rewarding i ... 
 ‹Programming› | ‹Programming› 2025  Mon 2 - Fri 6 June 2025   
  Prague, Czechia   The International Conference on the Art, Science, and Engineering of Programming—or ‹Programming› for short— focuses on programming topics including the experience of programming. ‹Programming› seeks for papers that advance knowledge of programming on any relevant topic, including programming practice and experience. In 2025, the conference will be held in June 2-6 in Prague, Czechia. We are working hard to fina ... 

 10  25  50  100  all      
   
 x  Thu 5 Dec 11:59    

 using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    

 Sign Up    

  
Call for papers data: 
ICFP/SPLASH 2025   Sun 12 - Sat 18 October 2025 Singapore    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue (Sunday Workshops): NUS School of Computing 
  Venue (Main Conference): Marina Bay Sands Convention Centre 
  Code of Conduct 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Tracks | ICFP/SPLASH 2025 
  Workshops 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ICFP | ICFP 
  ICFP  Papers 
  SPLASH | SPLASH 
  SPLASH  OOPSLA 
  SPLASH  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  SPLASH  Posters 
  SPLASH  -E 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SAS 
  Organization | ICFP/SPLASH 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Workshop Selection Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ICFP | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  ICFP Programme Committee 
  SPLASH | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  OOPSLA  OOPSLA Review Committee 
  OOPSLA  External Review / Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Posters 
  SPLASH-E  Program Commitee 
  SPLASH-E  Steering Committee 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SAS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
   Series 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

 ICFP/SPLASH 2025  
 Singapore  

 The Rain Vortex at Jewel Changi Airport  
 Right next to Terminal 1 arrivals  

 Marina Bay and Merlion  

 Gardens by the Bay  

 Flower Dome  

 ArtScience Museum  

 Esplanade - Theatres on the Bay  
 aka The Durian  

 Lau Pa Sat  
 Iconic Hawker Centre  

 Singapore Botanic Gardens  

 Little India  

 Chinatown  

 Haji Lane  

 Resorts World Sentosa  

 Palawan Beach  
 Southernmost Point of Continental Asia  

 MacRitchie Treetop Walk  

 National University of Singapore  

 ICFP/SPLASH 2025  
   
 Welcome to the website of the joint ICFP/SPLASH 2025 conference!  
 For the first time, the two leading SIGPLAN venues—ICFP and SPLASH—will be co-located in Singapore in 2025:  
 ICFP 2025  : The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming (ICFP) is an annual programming language conference that provides a forum for researchers and developers to hear about the latest work on the design, implementations, principles, and uses of functional programming. The conference covers the entire spectrum of work, from practice to theory, including its peripheries. 
  SPLASH 2025  : The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Systems, Programming, Languages and Applications: Software for Humanity (SPLASH) embraces all aspects of software construction and delivery, to make it the premier conference on the applications of programming languages - at the intersection of programming languages and software engineering. 
  We couldn’t be more excited to host academics and practitioners from all around the globe in one of the most vibrant and safe cities in the world!  

  ICFP/SPLASH 2025 Tracks   
   
 Workshops and Co-located Events   
  Show all tracks    

 Important Dates  up till Tue 25 Mar 2025     

 Tue 3 - Fri 6 Dec 2024     
  SPLASH OOPSLA  Author Response R1 
 Wed 18 Dec 2024     
  SPLASH OOPSLA  Author Notification R1 
 Fri 3 Jan 2025      
  SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts  Artifact Submission Round 1 
 Thu 16 Jan 2025      
  Workshops  Workshop Proposal Submission 
 Mon 6 - Fri 17 Jan 2025     
  SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts  Kick-the-Tires Round 1 
 Fri 21 Feb 2025     
  SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts  Artifact Notification Round 1 
 Thu 27 Feb 2025      
  ICFP Papers  Submission Deadline 
 Tue 25 Mar 2025     
  SPLASH OOPSLA  Submission R2 
 All important dates 

 Supporters   

 In-kind Supporter 
 In-kind Supporter 

 x  Thu 5 Dec 11:59    

  ICFP/SPLASH 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Workshops    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 ICFP 2025   
  SPLASH 2025   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 SAS 2025    

 Attending  
 Venue (Sunday Workshops): NUS School of Computing   
  Venue (Main Conference): Marina Bay Sands Convention Centre   
  Code of Conduct   
  Call for Sponsorship    
 Sign Up    

  Important dates data: 
ICFP/SPLASH 2025   Sun 12 - Sat 18 October 2025 Singapore    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue (Sunday Workshops): NUS School of Computing 
  Venue (Main Conference): Marina Bay Sands Convention Centre 
  Code of Conduct 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Tracks | ICFP/SPLASH 2025 
  Workshops 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ICFP | ICFP 
  ICFP  Papers 
  SPLASH | SPLASH 
  SPLASH  OOPSLA 
  SPLASH  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  SPLASH  Posters 
  SPLASH  -E 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SAS 
  Organization | ICFP/SPLASH 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Workshop Selection Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  ICFP | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  ICFP Programme Committee 
  SPLASH | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  OOPSLA  OOPSLA Review Committee 
  OOPSLA  External Review / Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Posters 
  SPLASH-E  Program Commitee 
  SPLASH-E  Steering Committee 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  SAS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Search 
   Series 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICFP/SPLASH 2025  ( series  ) /  Important Dates  

 When | Track | What 
 Tue 3 - Fri 6 Dec 2024 | SPLASH OOPSLA | Author Response R1 
 Wed 18 Dec 2024 | SPLASH OOPSLA | Author Notification R1 
 Fri 3 Jan 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts | Artifact Submission Round 1 
 Thu 16 Jan 2025 | Workshops | Workshop Proposal Submission 
 Mon 6 - Fri 17 Jan 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts | Kick-the-Tires Round 1 
 Tue 4 Feb 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA | Submission of Revisions R1 
 Tue 18 Feb 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA | Author Notification of Revisions R1 
 Fri 21 Feb 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts | Artifact Notification Round 1 
 Thu 27 Feb 2025 | ICFP Papers | Submission Deadline 
 Fri 28 Feb 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA | Camera Ready R1 
 Tue 25 Mar 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA | Submission R2 
 Mon 28 Apr - Thu 1 May 2025 | ICFP Papers | Author Response 
 Sun 4 May 2025 | SAS | Paper Submission 
 Thu 8 May 2025 | Workshops | Tutorials Proposal Submission 
 Sun 11 May 2025 | SAS | Artifact Submission 
 Fri 23 May 2025 | ICFP Papers | Notification of Conditional Acceptance 
 Thu 12 Jun 2025 | ICFP Papers | Deadline for Submitting Revisions 
 Wed 18 Jun 2025 | SAS | Author Response 
 Fri 27 Jun 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts | Artifact Submission Round 2 
 Fri 27 Jun 2025 | ICFP Papers | Final Decision Notification 
 Mon 30 Jun 12:00 - Fri 11 Jul 12:00 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts | Kick-the-Tires Round 2 
 Fri 11 Jul 2025 | ICFP Papers | Camera-Ready Deadline 
 Wed 16 Jul 2025 | SAS | Notification 
 Fri 15 Aug 2025 | SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts | Artifact Notification Round 2 
 Tue 15 Oct 2024 | SPLASH OOPSLA | Submission R1 

 x  Thu 5 Dec 11:59    

  ICFP/SPLASH 2025   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Workshops    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 ICFP 2025   
  SPLASH 2025   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 SAS 2025    

 Attending  
 Venue (Sunday Workshops): NUS School of Computing   
  Venue (Main Conference): Marina Bay Sands Convention Centre   
  Code of Conduct   
  Call for Sponsorship    
 Sign Up

9. Conference e-Science_3:
中国站  国际站 

 软件 | 办会软件 
  网络研讨会 
  视频会议 
  虚拟会议 
  机构版 
  软件下载 
  会议 | 专业分类 
  国内活动 
  海外活动 
  报告频道 
  索引 
  服务 
         
 创建活动  讲座    
   
 研讨会/课程    
   
 会议    

 登录  注册    

 2025 IEEE International Conference on e-Science ( e-Science)  

 2025年09月15日~19日  
 美国 · 芝加哥  
   
 会议  线下活动    
  0  浏览   
  0  条评论   
 收藏    
  分享    

 活动简介  
   
 IEEE eScience 2025 brings together leading interdisciplinary research communities, developers and users of eScience applications and enabling IT technologies. The objective of the eScience Conference is to promote and encourage all aspects of eScience and its associated technologies, applications, algorithms and tools with a strong focus on practical solutions and challenges. eScience 2024 interprets eScience in its broadest meaning that enables and improves innovation in data- and compute-intensive research across all domain sciences ranging from traditional areas in physics and earth sciences to more recent fields such as social sciences, arts and humanities, and artificial intelligence for a wide variety of target architectures including HPC, cloud and IoT infrastructures.  

 征稿信息  
   
 重要日期  
 2025-05-01   
 初稿截稿日期   

 留言  

 验证码     看不清楚，更换一张   提交    

 全部留言  

 稿件模板  
 ×    
  论文模板  
  论文模板  

 活动首页 
  活动日程 
  时刻表 
  摘要清单 
  报告清单 
  活动商城 
  活动相册 
  我的审稿 
  管理活动 
    
 重要日期  
   
 会议日期 | 09月15日  
 2025  
  至  09月19日  
 2025 
  05月01日  2025 | 初稿截稿日期 
  09月19日  2025 | 注册截止日期 

 主办单位  
   
 IEEE Computer Society   
   
 承办单位  
   
 IEEE Computer Society   
   
 联系方式  
   
 an******@iit.edu 
  登录查看完整联系方式    

 会议网站  
   
 http://escience-conference.org/2025    

 历届会议  
   
 2023年10月09日 塞浦路斯 Limassol | 2023 IEEE 19th International Conference on e-Science 
  2022年10月11日 美国 Salt Lake City | 2022 IEEE 18th International Conference on e-Science 
  2018年10月29日 荷兰 | 2018 IEEE 14th International Conference on e-Science 
  2017年10月24日 新西兰 Auckland | 2017 IEEE 13th International Conference on e-Science 
  2016年10月23日 美国 Baltimore,USA | 2016 IEEE 12th International Conference on e-Science 
  2014年10月20日 巴西 | 2014年IEEE第10届电子科技国际会议 

 联系方式  
 ×    

 确定    

 提示  
 ×    
 即将访问第三方域名  
 您即将访问第三方域名，请注意您的账号和财产安全。   
 http://escience-conference.org/2025   

 继续访问    

    移动端   
 在手机上打开   

    小程序   
  打开微信小程序   

   客服   
  扫码或 点此  咨询   

 关于我们  |  新闻动态  |  网站博客  |  意见反馈  |  免责声明  |  隐私条款  |  服务条款  |  联系我们   
 艾会网 - 一站式学术活动解决方案   
 © 2013-2021 武汉企泰信息技术有限责任公司 鄂ICP备09016152号-4   鄂公网安备42018502006942   
   
  微信小程序    
  微信公众号    

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

10. Conference EACL_0:
Home 
  General 
  Community 
  Conferences 
  Archives 

 Association for Computational Linguistics  
 European Chapter  
   
 EACL  

 Welcome to the EACL!  
  
 The European Chapter of the ACL (EACL) is the primary professional association for computational linguistics in Europe. It provides a number of services to its members and the community.  
    About the EACL  
    
 Founded in 1982, The European Chapter of the ACL (EACL) remains the primary professional association for computational linguistics in Europe.  
   
 Read More    
  
   EACL 2024  
    
 The 18th Annual Meeting of the European chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (EACL) will take place in March 2024 in St. Julians, Malta.  
   
 Read More    
  
   Contacting EACL  
    
 For general enquiries about EACL, email the secretary at eacl-secretary@aclweb.org  . For specific enquiries, please contact the relevant EACL Board member.  
   
 Read More    

 Get in touch  
 For general enquiries about EACL, email eacl-secretary@aclweb.org  . For specific enquiries, please contact the relevant EACL Board member.   

 Based on the LINEAR Jekyll template by TEMPLATED.   
   
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

11. Conference EACL_1:
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility                   EACL 2024  Calls 
  Committees 
  Venue 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Sponsors 
  Toggle menu    

  The 18th Conference of the European Chapter  
  of the Association for Computational Linguistics  
  March 17-22, 2024  

 Photo by Daniel McCullough  on Unsplash     
   News  
 Proceedings  
 The proceedings of the main conference  , Findings  , workshops  , tutorials  , system demonstrations  , and the student research workshop  are accessible through the ACL Anthology.  
   
 Best Papers  
 The best papers and awards are available to see at this link  .  
   
 Notice  
 16 March, 2024  . Please note that Malta uses UK sockets and driving is on the left.  
   
 Handbook Published  
 February 28, 2024  . The handbook of EACL 2024 is now available at this link  . It will be updated once the full program is finalized.  
   
 Early Registration Ending Soon  
 February 21, 2024  . Early bird registration ends this Friday, February 23, 2024, 11:59 PM (EDT). Also, there are still a few rooms available at the Radisson.  
   
 Exciting News  
 February 12, 2024  . Mirella Lapata (U Edinburgh), Hinrich Schütze (LMU Munich) will give keynote talks at EACL 2024! Furthermore, the Karen Spärck Jones Award Lecture will be given by Hongning Wang (Tsinghua University)!  
   
 Invitation Letters  
 February 11, 2024  . Invitation letters for visa applications would be automatically issued when you complete the conference registration process.  
   
 Discounted Rooms Still Available at the Radisson  
 February 7, 2024  . There are still rooms available at the Radisson and blocked for EACL. The accomodation includes breakfast (unlike other offers which may appear cheaper at first sight). You only have to click on this link  and enter the promocode “EACL” to get the conference rate.  
   
 Call for Student Volunteers  
 January 20, 2024  . The call for student volunteers has been published. We look forward to your applications, please see here  for more information.  
   
 Paper acceptance decisions have now been made  
 January 18, 2024  . Authors should have received an email notification from OpenReview. 226 papers are accepted to the main conference, and 162 to Findings of the ACL. We’re looking forward to hearing more about them in Malta!  
   
 EACL 2024 Paper Commitment  
 December 13, 2023  . We are now accepting commitments from papers submitted and reviewed via ARR in the October 2023 cycle or earlier. If you opt to commit the papers to EACL 2024, please submit via the link  .  
   
 EACL 2024 Submissions Received  
 November 2, 2023  . We are happy to announce EACL 2024 received a total of 1271 submissions - and particularly encouraged to see increases in some topical areas such as “Ethics & NLP” and “Multilinguality and Language Diversity”. Now for the reviewing process …  
   
 EACL 2024 Venue  
 August 28, 2023  . EACL 2024 will take place at the Hotel Radisson Blu, St. Julians, in Malta. link   
   
 EACL 2024 Workshops  
 August 28, 2023  . Deadline for the Call for Workshop proposals is on September 1st, 2023. link  .  
   
 EACL 2024 Tutorials  
 August 28, 2023  . Deadline for the Call for Tutorials proposals is on September 1st, 2023. link  .  
   
 Welcome!  
 Welcome to the 18th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (EACL). Continuing its mission of expanding and involving the science community of all European countries, EACL has selected the Malta community for the 18th EACL. Considering the importance of physical interaction among researchers, the conference will be held at the Hotel Radisson Blu, St. Julians, in Malta, from 17 to 22 of March, 2024. The conference will also feature the possibility to participate virtually. As the flagship European conference in the field of computational linguistics, EACL welcomes European and international researchers covering a broad spectrum of research areas that are concerned with computational approaches to natural language.  
 Important Dates  
 For paper submission EACL 2024 will use the ACL Rolling Review (ARR) system  only. This is the case for all *ACL conferences in 2024. ARR works on a two-monthly review cycle, beginning on the 15th of every other month. The “paper submission deadline” shown below is the latest date that new papers can be submitted to ARR and be reviewed in time to be considered by EACL 2024; however, papers submitted in previous ARR rounds can of course also be considered. The “paper commitment deadline” is the date by which authors must choose, based on the reviews so far, whether to “commit” their ARR papers to be considered by EACL 2024. Papers that are committed but not accepted for EACL 2024 are not lost - they remain available in the standard ARR cycle for revision and resubmission and/or commitment to other future conferences as before.  
 The authors should contact ARR with any questions about the review process etc., on editors@aclrollingreview.org  .  
 As in recent years, some of the presentations at the conference will be for papers accepted by the Transactions of the ACL (TACL) and Computational Linguistics (CL) journals.  
  
 Anonymity period begins | Friday | 15 September 2023 
 Paper submission deadline (via ARR) | Sunday | 15 October 2023 
 Author discussion period | Thursday-Tuesday | 23-28 November 2023 
 Paper commitment deadline | Sunday | 20 December 2023 
 Notification of acceptance (long & short papers) | Wednesday | 15 January 2024  17 January 2024 
 Withdrawal deadline (long & short papers) | Monday | 22 January 2024 
 Camera-ready papers due (long & short papers) | Friday | 31 January 2024  2 February 2024 
 Workshops & Tutorials | Sunday; Thu-Fri | 17 & 21-22 March 2024 
 Main Conference | Monday-Wed | 18-20 March 2024 
  
 All deadlines are 11.59 pm UTC -12h  (“anywhere on Earth”).  
 EACL 2024 Anti-Harassment Policy  
 EACL2024 adheres to the ACL’s code of ethics  , ACL’s anti-harassment policy  , and ACL’s code of conduct  . Violations of the code of ethics as well as complaints raised under the anti-harassment policy should be brought to the Professional Conduct Committee  , who can be reached during the conference via the PCC channel in RocketChat, or you may also contact any current member of the EACL Executive Board  . Please be assured that if you approach the PCC or EACL board members, your concerns will be kept in strict confidence, and we will consult with you on any actions taken.  

 Follow: 
  Twitter 
  GitHub 
  Feed 
    
 © 2024 EACL  . Powered by Jekyll  & Minimal Mistakes  .   

  
Call for papers data: 
  

 Home  CFP & Submissions  How ARR works  Call for papers  Dates & Venues  ⚠ Common problems with submissions    
   
 Guidelines  Authors guidelines  Responsible NLP checklist  Reviewer guidelines  Area Chair guidelines    
   
 People  ARR team  SACs  ACs  Reviewers  Others    
   
 ARR reporting  Statistics  ARR changelog  Future plans    
   
 ARR@OpenReview   
   ACL Rolling Review   
 A peer review platform for the Association for Computational Linguistics  

 CALL FOR PAPERS  
 ACL Rolling Review (ARR) invites the submission of long and short papers on substantial, original, and unpublished research in all aspects of Computational Linguistics and Natural Language Processing. The purpose of ARR is to improve the efficiency, turnaround, and process consistency of ACL reviewing, while keeping the diversity (topical, geographic and otherwise) and iterative improvement through collaborative work with conference program chairs. ARR will use Open Review as its platform (but reviews will not be open in ARR). The reviewing and acceptance of papers for publication will be done in two steps:  
 Step 1 – Centralized Rolling Review: Authors submit papers to a unified review pool with deadlines every two months. Review is handled by an area chair (AC), and revision and resubmission of papers are allowed. 
  Step 2 – Commitment to a Publication Venue: A publication venue is a conference or workshop that accepts reviews from ARR. When an opportunity to commit to a publication venue comes around, authors may submit papers with fully completed reviews (including meta reviews). Program chairs decide the process for committing ARR reviewed papers, as well as the criteria and process for deciding to accept a subset of these submissions into their event. 
  SCOPE OF SUBMISSIONS  
 All topics in Computational Linguistics / Natural Language Processing are welcome at ARR. At submission, papers must select a topic area to assist with AC and reviewer matching. The current set of areas are (in alphabetical order):  
 Computational Social Science and Cultural Analytics 
  Dialogue and Interactive Systems 
  Discourse and Pragmatics 
  Efficient/Low-Resource Methods for NLP 
  Ethics, Bias, and Fairness 
  Generation 
  Human-centered NLP 
  Information Extraction 
  Information Retrieval and Text Mining 
  Interpretability and Analysis of Models for NLP 
  Language Modeling 
  Linguistic Theories, Cognitive Modeling, and Psycholinguistics 
  Machine Learning for NLP 
  Machine Translation 
  Multilingualism and Cross-Lingual NLP 
  Multimodality and Language Grounding to Vision, Robotics and Beyond 
  NLP Applications 
  Phonology, Morphology, and Word Segmentation 
  Question Answering 
  Resources and Evaluation 
  Semantics: Lexical and Sentence-Level 
  Sentiment Analysis, Stylistic Analysis, and Argument Mining 
  Speech Recognition, Text-to-Speech and Spoken Language Understanding 
  Summarization 
  Syntax: Tagging, Chunking and Parsing 
  Theme tracks (proposed by participating publication venues and specific to those venues) 
  For more information about how to choose the right area, see this page  .  
 ARR welcomes diverse types of contributions in the above areas. When making a submission at ARR, the authors can indicate one or more of the following contribution types that their submission is making:  
 Approaches to low-resource settings 
  Approaches low compute settings-efficiency 
  Data resources 
  Data analysis 
  Model analysis & interpretability 
  NLP engineering experiment 
  Publicly available software and/or pre-trained models 
  Position papers 
  Reproduction study 
  Surveys (all papers are expected to include reviews of related literature. This category is meant for the papers that go beyond that, e.g. in scope or in establishing new interdisciplinary connections) 
  Theory 
  Both positive and negative results for experimental studies are welcome, and have the same challenge of justifying to the program committee why this particular result is interesting and important. A negative results paper might report on non-reproducibility or non-generalizability of previously published results, their misattribution (‘right for the wrong reasons’), or present an idea that seemed great (for well-justified reasons), but didn’t work.  
 ARR welcomes scholars from other communities who make a substantive contribution to the computational processing of language. Here are some points to keep in mind for a successful submission:  
 Interdisciplinary submissions typically aim to introduce concepts/methods/theories from one community to the CL/NLP community. 
  For machine learning application papers on areas other than language, if the authors feel that their work fits the NLP applications track (e.g. because it finds a new application for a language model), they are welcome to try to convince the reviewers and area chairs that their work should be presented in this venue. 
  A good rule-of-thumb to consider whether your work is connected to a given community is to consider whether your list of references has a substantial proportion of papers from that community. 
  PAPER SUBMISSION INFORMATION  
 Long Papers  
 Long papers must describe substantial, original, completed and unpublished work. Wherever appropriate, concrete evaluation and analysis should be included. Long papers may consist of:  
 up to eight (8) pages of content 
  unlimited extra space after the conclusion for limitations (required, see below) and optionally ethical considerations 
  plus unlimited pages of references 
  Submissions that exceed the length requirements, or are missing a limitations section, will be desk rejected.  
 Short Papers  
 Short paper submissions must describe original and unpublished work. Please note that a short paper is not a shortened long paper. Instead, short papers should have a small, focused contribution that can be made in a few pages. Some common kinds of short papers are (non-)reproduction reports, negative results, opinion pieces, interesting application nuggets (but all these types of contributions could also be presented in long papers, given sufficient substance).  
 Short papers may consist of:  
 up to four (4) pages of content 
  unlimited extra space after the conclusion for limitations (required, see below) and optionally ethical considerations 
  plus unlimited pages of references 
  Submissions that exceed the length requirements, or are missing a limitations section, will be desk rejected.  
 Instructions for Two-Way Anonymized Review  
 Papers must not include authors’ names and affiliations. Furthermore, self-references that reveal the authors’ identities, e.g., “We previously showed (Smith, 1991)…” must be avoided. Instead, use citations such as “Smith previously showed (Smith, 1991)…” Papers should not refer, for further detail, to documents that are not available to the reviewers.  
 Supplementary materials, including any links to repositories, should also be anonymized. This includes author responses during the review process. Links to file hosting services that can track downloads, such as Dropbox, are not allowed.  
 Submissions that violate these requirements will be desk rejected.  
 ARR is subject to the ACL Policies for Review and Citation  , which were updated in early 2024. Beginning with the February 15, 2024 ARR deadlines, there is no anonymity period or limitation on posting or discussing non-anonymous preprints while the work is under peer review. However, the new policy  incentivizes anonymous submissions by special paper awards and priority in acceptance decisions for borderline papers.  
 Authorship  
 The author list for submissions should include all (and only) individuals who made substantial contributions to the work presented. Each author listed on a submission to ARR will be notified of submissions and reviews. Please refer to the new ACL policy publication ethics  for authorship criteria.  
 Please notice that once the paper has been submitted, no changes to the list of authors are allowed. There are additional authorship rules for resubmissions (see below).  
 Citation and Comparison  
 Authors are expected to cite all refereed publications relevant to their submission but may be excused for not knowing about all unpublished work (especially work that has been recently posted and/or is not widely cited).  
 In cases where a preprint has been superseded by a refereed publication, the refereed publication should be cited in addition to or instead of the preprint version.  
 Papers (whether refereed or not) appearing less than 3 months before the submission deadline are considered contemporaneous to a submission, and authors are therefore not obliged to make detailed comparisons that require additional experimentation and/or in-depth analysis.  
 For more information, see the ACL Policies for Review and Citation  .  
 Multiple Submission Policy  
 There are several cases to consider:  
 ARR + Other Venue | : ARR precludes multiple submissions. ARR will not consider any paper that is under review in a journal or another conference at the time of submission, and submitted papers must not be submitted elsewhere during the ARR review period. This policy covers all journals and refereed and archival conferences and workshops without exception (e.g., TACL, Computational Linguistics, IJCAI, SIGIR, AAAI, ICASSP, ICML, NeurIPS, etc). In addition, we will not consider any paper that overlaps significantly in content or results with papers that will be (or have been) published elsewhere, without exception. 
  ARR + Commitment | : The commitment process is treated as being under review for a conference. That means (a) while in an active review cycle at ARR, a paper cannot be committed to a conference, and (b) between commitment to a conference and a decision or withdrawal, a paper cannot be submitted to ARR. For example, if you got reviews in the June 2023 cycle, you cannot both commit to EMNLP (August 22nd deadline) and submit a revised version to the August 2023 ARR cycle. Note that this is a change of policy relative to the early days of ARR, when this type of dual submission was permitted for ACL and NAACL 2022. 
  Commitment + Commitment/Other Venue | : Whether you can commit/submit to two venues simultaneously depends on the dual submission policies of those venues. Typically, it is not permitted. 
  ARR + ARR | : For the sake of clarity, this policy also covers ARR itself; authors may not resubmit to ARR work that is already under review to ARR. As of 2023, ARR does not have overlapping cycles, and so this is a moot point. 
  Submissions that violate requirements 1, 2, or 4 will be desk rejected.  
 Resubmission Policy  
 Authors may resubmit to ACL Rolling Review.  
 When resubmitting, the | authors must provide a link to the previous submission | . Any paper previously submitted that does not acknowledge its earlier version will be desk rejected. To count as a new paper rather than a revision, the submission must be on a sufficiently different topic that the prior reviews no longer apply (e.g., further improving the proposed methods or extending the set of experiments or analysis does not qualify, nor does extending a short paper to a long one). Please note that resubmission does | not | mean that papers are stuck with old reviewers: revised papers can still be sent to new reviewers and meta-reviewers on authors’ request (see below), with the authors indicating why they prefer that option. 
  To reduce the workload for the ACs and reviewers, and to focus the new reviews on the changes, the | authors must provide a summary of changes and revisions | in response to reviews from the previous round. For the latter, there should be an overview of changes and a point-by-point response to each weakness and suggestion from all reviewers (including meta-review where relevant), either describing the revision or arguing against it. It is recommended to refer to the location of revisions using section and line numbers. Some authors find it useful to color-code the changed parts in the text of the submission; this is allowed, but not mandated. A color-coded version of the paper may be included with the explanation of revisions in the same PDF. 
  Resubmissions must be modified versions of the original submission that address issues raised by the reviewers and meta-review; the authors may not simply resubmit the exact same paper, nor may they submit a completely new paper as if it were a resubmission. Resubmissions that ignore relevant feedback provided during the previous review round can be desk rejected by the EiC team. 
  If the authors want to add an author as part of a resubmission, they may do so with a (brief) justification; except in extremely rare circumstances, authors may not be removed. 
  Resubmitted papers will go back to the original reviewers and area chair, where possible, unless the authors request new reviewers or AC (with justification, e.g. violations of reviewer guidelines). Note that new reviewers are instructed to form their own view of the paper first: they only see the previous reviews and author explanation of revisions after they submit their initial reviews. See the information for authors ( | https://aclrollingreview.org/authors#step4 | ) for further discussion. 
  Submissions that had previously received very low evaluation from reviewers and a meta-review score of 1 generally need a wholesale revision that can be expected to take a lot of time. We reserve the right to desk reject such resubmissions if they are sent back to ARR within 6 months of the original submission without such a revision.  
 Authors considering a resubmission should also refer to the withdrawal policy  below.  
 Withdrawal Policy  
 Authors may withdraw their submission at any time. However, a submission that is withdrawn more than 48 hours after the submission deadline may not be resubmitted until the second subsequent ARR cycle, so withdrawing after this time requires contacting the ACs.  
 Once the submission receives the ARR meta-review, it is no longer considered under review, and can be submitted or committed elsewhere with no restrictions. There is no need to withdraw a meta-reviewed paper to resubmit to ARR or commit to a conference that accepts ARR reviews. When resubmitting a revised version, please follow the resubmission policy above.  
 Once a paper receives even one review at ARR, it cannot be simply withdrawn and submitted as a new publication.  If you intend to resubmit to ARR, do not  withdraw the previous version. Simply resubmit following the above resubmission policy.  
 Ethics Policy  
 Authors are required to honour the ethical code set out in the ACL Code of Ethics  .  
 The consideration of the ethical impact of our research, use of data, and potential applications of our work has always been an important consideration, and as artificial intelligence is becoming more mainstream, these issues are increasingly pertinent. We ask that all authors read the code, and ensure that their work is conformant to this code. Authors are encouraged to devote a section of their paper to concerns about the ethical impact of the work and to a discussion of broader impacts of the work, which will be taken into account in the review process. This discussion does not count towards the page limit, as long as it is placed in the end of the paper. In addition, we provide a responsible NLP research checklist  , which authors must complete as part of their paper submission. The content of checklists is used in the review process, and incorrect or misleading information in the checklist can result in desk rejection. Furthermore, ACL’25 will resume the publication of responsible NLP checklists for accepted papers for improving the overall transparency of the scientific process.  
 We reserve the right to reject papers on ethical grounds, where the authors are judged to have operated counter to the code of ethics, or have inadequately addressed legitimate ethical concerns with their work. Indeed, the ARR review form includes a section addressing these issues and papers flagged for ethical concerns by reviewers or ACs will be further reviewed by the Ethics Advisory Committee (EAC).  
 AI Writing/Coding Assistance Policy  
 Generally, generative AI tools do not qualify for authorship. Their use for writing or coding, as well as its scope, must be disclosed in the Acknowledgements section, as well as flagged in the Responsible NLP Checklist. For coding, details may also be included in the README files.  
 ARR follows the new ACL Policy on AI Writing Assistance  , which recognizes the following cases are recognized as appropriate use of such tools:  
 a. | Assistance purely with the language of the paper. | This covers models used for paraphrasing or polishing the author’s original content, rather than for suggesting new content—similar to tools like grammar checkers, spell checkers, dictionaries, and synonym tools. The use of tools that only assist with proofreading, like grammar or spell checkers, does not need to be disclosed. 
  b. | Short-form input assistance. | This covers predictive keyboards or tools that offer suggestions during typing, that might be powered by generative language models. The use of such tools does not need to be disclosed. 
  c. | Literature search. | This covers search assistants, e.g., to identify relevant literature. The usual requirements for citation accuracy and thoroughness of literature reviews apply. 
  d. | Low-novelty text. | This covers the automatic generation of text about pre-existing ideas. Authors should specify where such automatically generated text was used, and convince the reviewers that the generation was checked to be accurate and is accompanied by relevant and appropriate citations. If the generation copies text from existing work, the publication ethics policy applies to that text. Authors need (for example) to acknowledge all relevant citations: both the source of the text used and the source of the idea(s). 
  e. | New ideas. | This covers when generative model output reads to the authors as new research ideas that would deserve co-authorship or acknowledgment from a human colleague (e.g., topics to discuss, framing of the problem), which the authors then develop themselves. As with all new ideas, the authors should conduct a literature search to determine relevant prior work and cite to ensure proper credit. The authors should disclose if models were used in this manner. 
  f. | New ideas + new text. | ACL does not consider a generative model to be an entity that can fulfill the requirements of co-authorship. 
  In all cases, all  authors are fully responsible for the correctness of their methods, results, and writing. They should check for potential plagiarism, both of text and code.  
 Limitations (required section)  
 Authors are required to discuss the limitations of their work in a dedicated section titled “Limitations”. This section should be included at the end of the paper, before the references, and it will not count toward the page limit. This includes both, long and short papers. Papers without a limitations section will be desk rejected. Note, prior to the December 2023 cycle, this was optional.  
 Please note that this section should not introduce new methods, analysis, or results. We reserve the right to desk reject the submissions that use this section to introduce more content that should have been part of the main paper. It can only discuss the limitations of the work presented in the main content of the paper.  
 Reviewing Requirements  
 Submitting to ARR comes with a reviewing requirement. A t least one author must participate in the review process  , unless an exception applies (e.g., every author is either new to the community, has insufficient experience, or is already serving in another capacity). Papers that do not meet this requirement, and are not covered by an exception, may be desk rejected. There are of course legitimate reasons for one to suddenly be unavailable to review, and we will respect these (e.g. already serving in ARR in another capacity).  
 Authors who will review are nominated at submission time. They must:  
 Have an updated OpenReview profile, including affiliation, semantic scholar link, dblp link, ACL anthology link, and an email address where they can receive OpenReview messages. See | here | for how to maximize the likelihood of well-matched review assignments. 
  Have published at least three papers in the main computational linguistics and NLP venues in the last 5 years. (we consider publication history recorded at ACL anthology, which covers AACL/IJCNLP, ACL, CL, COLING, CONLL, EACL, EMNLP, NAACL, LREC, and TACL). Both short and long papers count, as do Findings papers.) 
  Once added as a reviewer, the new reviewers must complete their reviewer registration form for the cycle and set their availability to at least 4 papers within 48 hours. 
  The nominated authors who already have ARR reviewer profiles must also set their load for the current cycle to at least 4 papers per submission, prior to submission. In case of the same research group submitting multiple papers, it is the authors’ responsibility to coordinate within the group and ensure that either different senior authors are nominated, or the senior author undertakes a proportionately higher review load and will | mentor junior subreviewers | . 
  All reviewers must familiarize themselves with the latest version of the | ARR reviewer guidelines | and perform the reviews on time and in line with ARR requirements. 
  The number of papers assigned to each reviewer in a given cycle depends in part on the paper matching process. To mitigate the issue of overwhelming volume of assignments, ARR has implemented a load balance check across cycles. Please note that even with four assigned papers, contributing four reviews doesn’t fully reciprocate the volunteer effort that the authors receive for their submission to complete a full review cycle (it involves not just three reviews and a meta-review from the AC, potentially with emergency substitutions, but also effort from the SACs and PCs during paper commitment).  
 See this blog post  for further information about this requirement (as of April 2024).  
 Paper Submission Process, Criteria and Templates  
 Submission is electronic, using the OpenReview.net platform. All long, short, and theme papers must follow the ACL Author Guidelines  . Here  are the paper submission form fields for your reference.  
 ARR provides a submission checklist  . The checklist is intended as a reminder to help authors improve the quality of their papers, and decrease the risk of a desk rejection.  
 Paper submissions must use the official ACL style templates, which are available here  (Latex and Word). Please follow the paper formatting guidelines general to “*ACL” conferences available here  . Authors may not modify these style files or use templates designed for other conferences.  
 Submissions that do not conform to the required styles, including paper size, margin width, and font size restrictions, will be rejected without review.  
 Here  is the current version of the review form, and here  is the current version of the AC meta-review form. These forms will be re-assessed and updated periodically.  
 Desk Rejection  
 Papers can be desk-rejected for a variety of reasons, including format and anonymity violations, dual submissions, and self-plagiarism (significant overlap in content with other submissions or publications by the same authors). We provide authors with a checklist  to assist with avoiding some of the common issues (the list is not exhaustive).  
 Starting from December 2024, ARR will also enforce desk rejections for incorrect or misleading filing of the responsible NLP checklist, and for violating the resubmissions policy (i.e. submissions that are not accompanied with either revisions in response to prior reviews, or justifications for not doing so, as described in the section on resubmissions).  
 Note that while we do our best for the bulk of desk rejections to happen before the start of the review process, sometimes serious problems are missed at initial checks and discovered late. Hence, desk-rejections can happen at any time in the review cycle.  
 Optional Supplementary Materials: Appendices, Software, and Data  
 ARR encourages the submission of these supplementary materials to improve the reproducibility of results and to enable authors to provide additional information that does not fit in the paper. Supplementary materials may include appendices, software, or data. For example, pre-processing decisions, model parameters, feature templates, lengthy proofs or derivations, pseudocode, sample system inputs/outputs, and other details that are necessary for the exact replication of the work described in the paper can be put into appendices.  
 However, reviewers are not required to consider material in appendices. If the pseudo-code, or derivations, or model specifications are an important part of the contribution, or if they are important for the reviewers to assess the technical correctness of the work, they should be a part of the main paper rather than appendices.  
 Appendices should come after the references in the submitted pdf. They do not count towards the page limit. Software should be submitted as a single .tgz or .zip archive, and data as a separate single .tgz or .zip archive. Supplementary materials must be fully anonymized to preserve the two-way anonymized reviewing policy.  
 If supplementary software is provided through a link to an online repository, it should be properly anonymized (e.g., Anonymous GitHub  ). Links to cloud services like Google Drive, Dropbox etc. are not acceptable, as they might track the download activity.  

  Important dates data: 
  

 Home  CFP & Submissions  How ARR works  Call for papers  Dates & Venues  ⚠ Common problems with submissions    
   
 Guidelines  Authors guidelines  Responsible NLP checklist  Reviewer guidelines  Area Chair guidelines    
   
 People  ARR team  SACs  ACs  Reviewers  Others    
   
 ARR reporting  Statistics  ARR changelog  Future plans    
   
 ARR@OpenReview   
   ACL Rolling Review   
 A peer review platform for the Association for Computational Linguistics  

 Dates and Venues  
 Reviewing Schedule  
 The schedule for 2024 is:  
  
 Cycle | Submission | Author Response | Cycle End 
 February 2024 | Feb 1st - Feb 15th | March 26th - 30th | April 15th 
 April 2024 | April 4th - April 15th | May 23rd - 27th | June 15th 
 June 2024 | June 4th - June 15th | July 25th - 30th | August 15th 
 August 2024 | August 15th | September 25th - 30th | October 15th 
 October 2024 | October 15th | November 22nd - 25th | December 15th 
 December 2024 | December 15th | February 15th 
  
 ARR deadlines happen every 2 months  , on the 15th of even-numbered months: that is, the 15th of February, April, June, August, October, and December  . 1    
 Submission to Participating Venues  
 Any paper that is not desk rejected will receive reviews. Once authors have reviews they may: - revise and resubmit for another round of reviews (typically papers will go back to the same action editor and reviewers) - submit their paper and reviews  to a publication venue  
 Current publication venues participating in ARR are listed below. If you represent a publication venue and would like to be added to this list, please see this page  .  
  
 Venue | Final ARR Submission Date | Commitment Date 
 NAACL 2025 | October 15th, 2024 | December 16th, 2024 
 ACL 2025 | February 15th, 2025 | April 10th, 2025 
  
 Past Venues that Accepted ARR Submissions  
 EMNLP 2021 
  INLG 2021 
  BlackboxNLP 2021 
  CRAC 2021 
  Eval4NLP 2021 
  FEVER 2021 
  MRL 2021 
  MRQA 2021 
  NLLP 2021 
  SustaiNLP 2021 
  WMT 2021 
  NLP Insights 2021 
  NILLI 2021 
  ACL 2022 
  ComputeEL-5 
  NAACL 2022 
  MML 2022 
  WIT 2022 
  NLP-Power 2022 
  Repl4NLP 2022 
  CSSR 2022 
  Spa-NLP 2022 
  FEVER 2022 
  StarSEM2022 
  Clinical NLP 2022 
  INLG 2022 
  NLG4Health 
  SIGDIAL 2022 
  TRAC 2022 
  CoNLL 2022 
  AACL-IJCNLP 2022 
  CASE 2022 
  UM-IoS 2022 
  BlackBoxNLP 2022 
  NLP4PI 2022 
  SereTOD 2022 
  MMNLU 2022 
  NLLP 2022 
  EACL 2023 
  ACL 2023 
  MWE 2023 
  SICon 2023 
  NEJLT volume 9 (1) 
  LAW 2023 
  INLG 2023 
  SIGDIAL 2023 
  EMNLP 2023 
  IJCNLP-AACL 2023 
  GenBench 2023 
  NEJLT volume 9 (2) 
  EACL 2024 main 
  EACL 2024 SRW 
  LAW 2024 
  WNUT 2024 
  MOOMIN 2024 
  NLP4HR 2024 
  CALD-pseudo 2024 
  UncertaiNLP 2024 
  SCI-CHAT 2024 
  NAACL 2024 
  MWE-UD 2024 
  ACL 2024 
  ArabicNLP 2024 
  CMCL 2024 
  SDProc 2024 
  ML4AL 2024 
  IWSLT 2024 
  INLG 2024 
  EMNLP 2024 
  CoNLL 2024 
  NLP4DH 2024 
  FEVER 2024 
  In the past, deadlines were on the 15th of each month, and for a brief period, the deadlines were every 6 weeks  . As of October 2022, we’ve moved to every 2 months  . ↩

12. Conference EACL_2:
Home 
  General 
  Community 
  Conferences 
  Archives 

 Association for Computational Linguistics  
 European Chapter  
   
 EACL  

 Conferences  
  
 Upcoming 
  Previous 
  EACL conference handbook 

 Upcoming  

 Conference | Location 
 EACL 2024 | St. Julians, Malta 

 Previous  

 Conference | Location 
 EACL 2023 | Dubrovnik, Croatia (hybrid) 
 ACL 2022 | Dublin, Ireland 
 EACL 2021 | Kyiv, Ukraine (held online) 
 ACL 2019 | Florence, Italy 
 EACL 2017 | Valencia, Spain 
 EACL 2014 | Gothenburg, Sweden 
 EACL 2012 | Avignon, France 
 EACL 2009 | Athens, Greece 
 EACL 2006 | Trento, Italy 
 EACL 2003 | Budapest, Hungary 
 EACL 1999 | Bergen, Norway 
 EACL-ACL 1997 | Madrid, Spain 
 EACL 1995 | Dublin, Ireland 
 EACL 1993 | Utrecht, The Netherlands 
 EACL 1991 | Berlin, Germany 
 EACL 1989 | Manchester, England 
 EACL 1987 | Copenhagen, Denmark 
 EACL 1985 | Geneva, Switzerland 
 EACL 1983 | Pisa, Italy 

 EACL conference handbook  
  
 The EACL handbook can be found here  .  

 Get in touch  
 For general enquiries about EACL, email eacl-secretary@aclweb.org  . For specific enquiries, please contact the relevant EACL Board member.   

 Based on the LINEAR Jekyll template by TEMPLATED.   
   
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

13. Conference DX_3:
PHMSociety.org 
  Conferences | Back 
  North America 
  Europe 
  Asia 
  Publications | Back 
  Journal 
  North America Conference 
  Europe Conference 
  Asia-Pacific Conference 
  Data 

 Sign in 
  Register 

 Search  
 Search for:        

 CONFERENCES | Back 
  North America 
  Europe 
  Asia-Pacific 
  JOURNALS | Back 
  Int. J.of PHM 
  Europe Conference 
  Asia-Pacific Conference 
  North America Conference 

 Home 
  News 
  About | Back 
  Mission 
  Officers 
  Directors 
  Diversity 
  Privacy Policy 
  FAQ 
  Sponsors 
  Partners | Back 
  SAE International 
  Awards | Back 
  Fellows 
  Contributors of the Year 
  Lifetime Achievement 
  Recognition by Other Organizations 
  Community | Back 
  PHMentor Program 
  PHM Standards Portal 
  PHM Education and Professional Development Portal 
  Job Postings | Back 
  Recent Jobs 
  Post a Job 
  Forums 
  In Memoriam 
  Past Conferences 
  Contact 

 Home  > Workshop  > DX  > 21st International Workshop on the Principles of Diagnosis        

 21st International Workshop on the Principles of Diagnosis  
  
 Welcome  
 Welcome to the home page of the 21st International Workshop on Principles of Diagnosis (DX-10) which will be held in conjunction with the Annual Conference of the PHM Society, PHM 2010, in Portland, Oregon on October 13-16, 2010. DX-10 will be jointly hosted by Palo Alto Research Center (PARC)  and NASA Ames Research Center (ARC)  . Please use the menu on the right to navigate the Workshop site as well as the parent PHM Society site.  
 Contact  
 If you have any questions about DX-10, please send email to dx10 dash oc at phmsociety dot org. If you would like to receive information regarding current and future DX workshops please join the DX Workshop google group  .  
 Scope  
 The International Workshop on Principles of Diagnosis (DX) is a lively forum that has traditionally adopted a single-track program with a limited number of participants in order to promote detailed technical exchange and debate while at the same time making efforts to develop synergistic approaches to solving real-world problems. It is an annual event that started in 1989 rooted in the Artificial Intelligence (AI) community. Papers presented at the workshop cover a variety of theories, principles, and computational techniques for diagnosis, monitoring, testing, reconfiguration, fault-adaptive control, and repair of complex systems. Applications of these theories, principles, and techniques to industry-related disciplines and other real-world problems are also important topics of the workshop.  
 Like the previous workshops in this series  , DX-10 encourages the interactions and the exchange of theories, techniques, applications, and experiences amongst researchers and practitioners from different backgrounds: Artificial Intelligence, Control Theory, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering and other related areas, who share an interest in different aspects of diagnosis, and the related fields of testing, reconfiguration, maintenance, prognosis, and fault-adaptive control. Thus, we encourage researchers from the different research communities to participate in the event. See the call for papers  for further information.  
 Co-Location with PHM 2010  
 DX10 will be held in conjunction with the Annual Conference of the PHM Society, PHM 2010  . The Annual Conference of the PHM Society intends to bring together the global community of PHM experts from industry, academia, and government in diverse application areas such as energy, aerospace, transportation, automotive, and industrial automation. PHM 2010 will be held from October 10-14.  
 Second International Diagnostic Competition DXC ’10  
 Part of the workshop program will be devoted to the Second International Diagnostic Competition (DXC’10), where winners and contributions to the competition will be discussed.  
 DXC’10 is jointly developed by NASA Ames Research Center and PARC with the objectives of accelerating research in theories, principles, and computational techniques for monitoring and diagnosis of complex systems, encouraging the development of software platforms that promise more rapid, accessible, and effective maturation of diagnostic technologies, and providing a forum that can be utilized by algorithm developers to test and validate their technologies.  
 For more information, posters, and announcements, see the diagnostic competition website  .  

 DX Workshop 2010  
 Home 
  DX Competition 2010 
  Important Dates 
  People 
  Call for Papers 
  Paper Submission Information 
  Location & Hotel 
  Accepted Papers & Posters 
  Program & Social Events 
  DX 2010 Proceedings 
  DX Workshop Series 

 Past events  
 PHM Conference 2019 
  PHM Conference 2018 
  PHM Conference Europe 2018 
  PHM Conference 2017 
  PHM Conference 2016 
  PHM Conference Europe 2016 
  PHM Conference 2015 
  PHM Conference 2014 
  PHM Conference Europe 2014 
  PHM Conference 2013 
  PHM Conference 2012 
  PHM Conference Europe 2012 
  PHM Conference 2011 
  2010 DX Workshop 
  PHM Conference 2010 
  PHM Conference 2009 
  Photos 

 PHM Society 
  Contact Us 
  Directory 
  FAQ 
  Upcoming events 

 PHM Community 
  Forums 
  Job Postings 
  In Memoriam 
  Photos 

 Int. Journal of PHM 
  About 
  For Authors 
  Submit 
  Archives 

 Conferences 
  Upcoming 
  For Authors 
  Submit 
  Archives 

 Terms of Use 
  Privacy and Security Statement 
  PHM Community Rules 

 Back to top     

 © The Prognostics and Health Management Society 2009 - 2024  
  PHM Society is a non-profit organization dedicated to the advancement of PHM as an engineering discipline.   

   
Call for papers data: 
PHMSociety.org 
  Conferences | North America 
  Asia-Pacific 
  Europe 
  Publications | Journal 
  North America Conference 
  Europe Conference 
  Asia-Pacific Conference 
  Data 
   Publication Home    

 Register 
  Login 

 Register 
  Login 

 Home 
  OJS Publishing 
   
 OJS Publishing  
  
 The Prognostics and Health Management Society (PHM Society) is a non-profit organization dedicated to the advancement of PHM as an engineering discipline. One of the basic principles of the PHM Society is to enable timely and free dissemination of research results, articles, opinions, news, and notices pertaining to PHM research and applications. Unlike most other technical organizations, PHM Society has adopted a Creative Commons license policy that allows authors to retain copyright while allowing the Society to distribute their work broadly through modern media.   
 International Journal of Prognostics and Health Management   
 The flagship publication of the PHM Society is the open online journal entitled the International Journal of Prognostics and Health Management (IJPHM). The Journal has established a fast paced, yet rigorous peer-review policy. The Journal intends to publish original papers wit ...  
  View Journal 
  Current Issue 
  Submissions 
  Annual Conference of the PHM Society   
 The annual Conference of the Prognostics and Health Management (PHM) Society is held each autum in North America and brings together the global community of PHM experts from industry, academia, and government in diverse application areas including energy, aeros ...  
  View Journal 
  Current Issue 
  Submissions 
  PHM Society European Conference   
 The European Conference of the Prognostics and Health Management (PHM) Society is held in the spring of even years (starting in 2012) and brings together the global community of PHM experts from industry, academia, and government in diverse application areas in ...  
  View Journal 
  Current Issue 
  Submissions 
  PHM Society Asia-Pacific Conference   
 The Asia-Pacific Conference of the Prognostics and Health Management (PHM) Society is held in the spring of odd years (starting in 2017) and brings together the global community of PHM experts from industry, academia, and government in diverse application areas ...  
  View Journal 
  Current Issue 
  Submissions 

   Terms of Use 
  Privacy and Security Statement 
  PHM Community Rules 
  Back to top     
   
 © The Prognostics and Health Management Society 2009 - 2021  
  PHM Society is a non-profit organization dedicated to the advancement of PHM as an engineering discipline.   

 ×  Modal Header  

 Close    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

14. Conference EACL_3:
Home 
  General 
  Community 
  Conferences 
  Archives 

 Association for Computational Linguistics  
 European Chapter  
   
 EACL  

 General  
  
 Welcome 
  About 
  Current EACL officers 
  Contacting EACL 
  Support for Educational Programmes 
  Sponsorship 
  Event endorsement 

 Welcome  
  
 The European Chapter of the ACL  (EACL) is the primary professional association for computational linguistics in Europe. It provides a number of services to its members and the community:  
 The | 18th EACL conference | will be held in St. Julians, Malta, from 17 to 22 of March, 2024. As the flagship European conference in the field of computational linguistics, EACL welcomes European and international researchers covering a broad spectrum of research areas that are concerned with computational approaches to natural language. 
  Support for educational initiatives in the field -- for example, EACL-sponsored courses at ESSLLI summer schools and student grants for selected Computational Linguistics events. 
   
 Please browse this site to find out more about EACL and its activities.  
  
 About  
  
 The formation of a European Chapter of the ACL (EACL) was announced at the annual ACL meeting in 1982 in Toronto. The Chapter's primary objectives were to eliminate what were then real obstacles for European membership: high bank charges for payment of dues, high postal rates for distribution of mailings, and transatlantic travel costs to meetings based exclusively in North America. To address these needs EACL offered international banking facilities in Europe, a European mail distribution centre, and a biennial European conference. The founding Board of the EACL was composed of: Eva Hajicova (Chair), Harold Somers (Secretary), Mike Rosner (Treasurer), an Advisory Committee (Hubert Lehmann, Remko Scha and Yorick Wilks) and a Nominating Committee (Giacomo Ferrari, Gerald Gazdar, Peter Hellwig and Bente Maegaard).  
 Many of the initial motivations for the foundation of EACL are no longer relevant, mainly due to the Internet, online banking, and the transformation of ACL from an American to an international organisation in 1997. Nevertheless EACL has remained the primary professional association for computational linguistics in Europe, serving its members not only through its biennial meeting, but also through support for educational initiatives in the field -- for example, EACL-sponsored introductory courses in CL at ESSLLI summer schools, the European Masters in Speech and Language, and studentships at specialist workshops.  
 The flagship event remains the EACL conference, whose inaugural edition was held in Pisa, September 1983, with Giacomo Ferrari as the conference chair. By all accounts it was a huge success, and set the stage for a very productive series of conferences. Looking back through the proceedings of that conference, one discerns a strong European flavour compared to ACL. For example, of the 32 papers at EACL'83, 10 were about languages other than English, compared to only 2 out of 25 at ACL'83.  
  
 Current EACL officers  

 Position | Officers | Affiliation | Contact 
 Chair | Roberto Basili | University of Roma, Tor Vergata, Italy | eacl-chair@aclweb.org 
 Secretary | Georg Rehm | DFKI, Germany | eacl-secretary@aclweb.org 
 Treasurer | Claudia Borg | University of Malta | eacl-treasurer@aclweb.org 
 Chair-elect | Preslav Nakov | MBZUAI, UAE |  
 Advisory Board | Yoav Goldberg | Bar Ilan University, Israel |  
 Véronique Hoste | Ghent University, Belgium |  
 François Yvon | Institute of Intelligent Systems and Robotics (ISIR), CNRS, France |  
 Menno van Zaanen | North-West University, South Africa |  
 Nominating Committee | Sharon Goldwater | University of Edinburgh, UK |  
 Barbara Plank | LMU Munich, Germany and IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark |  
 Lucia Specia | Imperial College and University of Sheffield, UK |  
 Shuly Wintner | University of Haifa, Israel |  
 Student Board | Elisa Bassignana | IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark |  
 Matthias Lindemann | University of Edinburgh, UK |  
 Alban Petit | Interdisciplinary Computer Science Laboratory (LISN), CNRS, France |  

 Contacting EACL  
  
 Chair: | eacl-chair@aclweb.org 
  For general enquiries about EACL, email | eacl-secretary@aclweb.org 
  Treasurer: | eacl-treasurer@aclweb.org 
  For specific enquiries, please contact the relevant EACL Board member. 
   
 Support for Educational Programmes  
  
 EACL, as an official organization representing computational linguistics (CL) in Europe, encourages the general development of educational programs for CL that promote the field and encourage its diffusion throughout Europe. In particular, EACL encourages programmes that operate at a multi-national level, such as exchange support programs for students and faculty.  
 However, EACL does not have the capacity to evaluate any specific CL educational programme, and thus cannot provide official approval or accreditation for such programmes. Accordingly, general support for specific programmes can only be granted in such a way that it cannot be used in a competitive way relative to other comparable activities.  
  
 Sponsorship  
  
 Scale  
 Each year, the EACL may make available a limited number of sponsorships each worth a relatively small amount of money. Sponsorships are awarded only if the EACL budget allows it.  
 As an indication, in recent years the EACL has typically awarded 10-15 sponsorships of approximately 500 Euros each.  
 Focus  
 In awarding sponsorships, EACL focuses on education in computational linguistics in the geographical area of the EACL. Priority is given to students from Eastern Europe and more generally, to students from countries with hard currency problems (within the geographical area covered by EACL).  
 In the past, EACL has sponsored introductory courses at European summer-schools (in the form of a contribution towards the presenters' expenses), participation at summer-schools (funding tuition fees and subsistence expenses for students who would otherwise not have been able to come) and participation at student workshops at EACL conferences (contribution towards student-presenters' expenses).  
 Visibility  
 In return for sponsorship, EACL expects some visibility (for instance the sponsorship is announced in a workshop programme and website etc.). A request for sponsorship must include a description of the visibility for EACL generated by the sponsorship.  
 Procedure  
 A request for sponsorship should identify a concrete purpose. Indeed EACL will not sponsor a school or workshop in general, but it will sponsor a particular course, tutorial, etc., or it will sponsor participation for a particular group of students etc.  
 A request for sponsorship should contain the following information:  
 A short description of the event involved (summer school conference, student workshp etc.) and of its relevance to computational linguistics 
  A proposal for ensuring EACL visibility in return for sponsorship 
  A specification of the intended use of sponsorship -- this should state the precise purpose of the sponsorhip (e.g., fee waiving for students/participants, travel grants, accommodation cost) and a clear description of how funding will be used. 
  Motivation and justification for request. 
  When the sponsorship is requested in view of funding the participation of individuals (students, scholars, lecturers etc.) to the event, the selection of the sponsorship recipients will be done jointly by the EACL and the requesting party as follows:  
 The requesting party will make a selection and submit it for approval to the EACL board. 
  The selection will be provided to the EACL together with any information judged relevant. For instance, in the case of a request for supporting student participation, the following information about the candidates should be included: | Name, email address, affiliation and status (PhD year etc.) of the candidate 
  Source and amount of yearly income 
  Letter of motivation 
  Whether the candidate makes a presentation at the event 
  Proof of student status 
  Letter of recommendation (e.g., from supervisor) 
  Requests for sponsorships should be directed by email to one of the EACL board members, who passes on the request to the board.  
 The EACL board decides within a month on a sponsorship request. Sponsorships are normally requested by and awarded to conferences workshops, summer schools etc. Sponsorship requests from individuals will not be considered.  
  
 Event endorsement  
  
 In order for EACL to endorse a conference or similar event, two criteria must be fulfilled:  
 Relevance: | The event must have a clear connection to computational linguistics and to the geographical area of EACL. 
  Quality: | The event should satisfy basic requirements on scientific quality concerning program committee, review procedure, etc. 
  The endorsement of an event by EACL entails the following:  
 Organizers must say that the event is endorsed by EACL in their announcements (website, call for papers, call for participation, etc.). 
  Organizers must put a link to the EACL website ( | http://www.eacl.org/ | ) on their website. 
  EACL will put a link to the event website on the EACL website. 
  If there are published proceedings, the organizers must mention in the proceedings that the event is endorsed by EACL. 

 Get in touch  
 For general enquiries about EACL, email eacl-secretary@aclweb.org  . For specific enquiries, please contact the relevant EACL Board member.   

 Based on the LINEAR Jekyll template by TEMPLATED.   
   
  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to main content    
     
  ZOEK   MENU       

 English 
  Nederlands 

 Researchers 
  Projects 
  Research groups 

 Faculty of Arts and Philosophy - Research Portal    

 Home 
  Researchers 
  Prof. Dr. Veronique Hoste 
    
  Prof. Dr. Veronique Hoste  

  veronique.hoste@ugent.be    

 Personal website    

 Department   
 Department of Translation, Interpreting and Communication 

 Research group(s)   
 LT3 - Language and Translation Technology Team    

 Research Focus   
 Language technology    

 Tabgroup  
 About   Veronique Hoste is Full Professor of Computational Linguistics at the Faculty of Arts and Philisophy at Ghent University. She is department head of the Department of Translation, Interpreting and Communication and director of the LT3 language and translation team at the same department. She holds a PhD in computational linguistics from the University of Antwerp (Belgium) on "Optimization issues in machine learning of coreference resolution" (2005). She has a strong expertise in machine learning of natural language, and more specifically in coreference resolution, word sense disambiguation, multilingual terminology extraction, classifier optimization, etc.  

  Projects   Projects as supervisor  
 Studying the verbalisation and automatic detection of emotions across languages | ( 2023  - | 2023  ) 
  Modelling common-sense knowledge in automatic irony detection | ( 2021  - | 2025  ) 
  METRICS. Modelling emotion trajectories in customer service dialogues | ( 2021  - | 2025  ) 
  ENCORE. Unrestricted Cross-Document Event Coreference for Dutch | ( 2020  - | 2024  ) 
  Common-sense knowledge and personalisation in conversational agents | ( 2019  - | 2021  ) 
  EmotioNL. Emotion detection for Dutch | ( 2019  - | 2022  ) 
  A respeaking and collaborative game-based approach to building a parsed corpus of European Spanish dialects | ( 2018  - | 2023  ) 
  Comprehensive integration of linguistic features in a human inspired speech recognition architecture | ( 2017  - | 2021  ) 
  SENTiVENT. Event extraction and sentiment analysis for financial applications | ( 2017  - | 2021  ) 
  A data-driven approach to constructing domain-specific and implicit sentiment knowledge bases | ( 2016  - | 2019  ) 
  CHLG. A parsed corpus of historical Low German | ( 2014  - | 2020  ) 
  SCATE. Smart computer-aided translation environment | ( 2014  - | 2018  ) 
  ARCHIVE. Annual report characterization in varieties of English | ( 2014  - | 2018  ) 
  AMiCA. Automatic monitoring for cyberspace applications | ( 2013  - | 2016  ) 
  PARIS. Personalised advertisements built from web sources | ( 2012  - | 2016  ) 
  TExSIS. Terminology extraction for semantic interoperability and standardization | ( 2011  - | 2012  ) 
  Stylene. A web service for research in stylometry and readability prediction | ( 2010  - | 2012  ) 
  SubTLe. Subjectivity tagging and learning | ( 2010  - | 2014  ) 
  Inputlog++ | ( 2010  - | 2012  ) 
  HENDI. An automated clarity tool for Dutch and English discourse | ( 2009  - | 2012  ) 
  SoNaR. Stevin Nederlandstalig referentiecorpus | ( 2008  - | 2011  ) 
  ParaSense. Parallel corpora for Dutch word sense disambiguation | ( 2007  - | 2012  ) 

 Projects as co-supervisor  
 TUTORED. Text-level automated writing evaluation for Dutch | ( 2023  - | 2027  ) 
  POLAR. Political argument recognition and analysis on social media | ( 2023  - | 2027  ) 
  Evaluation of literature by professional and layperson critics. A digital and literary sociological analysis of evaluative talk of literature through the prism of literary prizes, 2007-2017 | ( 2019  - | 2023  ) 
  NewsDNA. Diversity in the news through algorithmization | ( 2018  - | 2022  ) 
  EXTRACT. Extracting terminology automatically from comparable texts | ( 2017  - | 2021  ) 
  Subject agreement phenomena in Middle Low German | ( 2014  - | 2018  ) 

  Publications   Most recent publications  
 Maladry, Aaron, et al. “Human and System Perspectives on the Expression of Irony : An Analysis of Likelihood Labels and Rationales.” Proceedings of the 2024 Joint International Conference on Computational Linguistics, Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC-COLING 2024)  , edited by Nicoletta Calzolari et al., ELRA and ICCL, 2024, pp. 8372–82. 
  Calzolari, Nicoletta, et al., editors. Proceedings of the 2024 Joint International Conference on Computational Linguistics, Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC-COLING 2024)  . ELRA and ICCL, 2024. 
  Debaene, Florian, et al. “Early Modern Dutch Comedies and Farces in the Spotlight : Introducing EmDComF and Its Emotion Framework.” Proceedings of the Third Workshop on Language Technologies for Historical and Ancient Languages (LT4HALA) @ LREC-COLING-2024  , edited by Rachele Sprugnoli and Marco Passarotti, ELRA and ICCL, 2024, pp. 144–55. 
  Segundo Diaz, Rosa Lilia, et al. “The Influence of Personality Traits and Game Design Elements on Player Enjoyment : An Empirical Study on Gwaps for Linguistics.” International Conference on Games and Learning Alliance  , vol. 14475, Springer-Verlag Berlin, 2024, pp. 204–13, doi:10.1007/978-3-031-49065-1_20. 
  De Bruyne, Luna, et al. “Using State-of-the-Art Emotion Detection Models in a Crisis Communication Context.” COMPUTATIONAL COMMUNICATION RESEARCH  , vol. 6, no. 1, 2024, pp. 1–45, doi:10.5117/ccr2024.1.1.debr. 
  Full bibliography    
   
  Teaching   NLP and Linguistic Analysis 
  Digital Communication 
  Natural Language Processing 

 Feedback 
  Log in 
  © 2024 Ghent University 

  Important dates data: 
undefined

15. Conference EAMT_0:
Skip to main content    
 Menu   
 About the ACL | What is Computational Linguistics? 
  Join the ACL 
  Officers 
  ACL LTA Winners 
  ACL Fellows 
  Best Paper Awards 
  ACL Diversity Statistics 
  ACL Publicity Information 
  News | ACL News 
  ACL Awards 
  Members in the News 
  News Archives 
  Journals | Computational Linguistics 
  Transactions of the ACL 
  Conferences | Conference News 
  ACL 
  EACL 
  EMNLP 
  NAACL 
  IJCNLP 
  Events | Browse ACL Events 
  Browse Non-ACL Events 
  Add Event to the Website 
  Browse Participants List 
  ACL Fellows | Make Fellows Nominations and Recommendations 
  SIGs 
  Anthology | Anthology 
  Network 
  Wiki 
  Education | NLP/CL Courses 
  NACLO 
  HSCLC 
  Policies | ACL Policies 
  Archives | Mirror of Past Conferences 

 ACL Home  Association for  
  Computational Linguistics    

  Call for Tutorials & Workshops: 20th Machine Translation Summit (MT Summit 2025)  
   
 September 12, 2024 | BY Raphael Rubino   
 Event Notification Type:   
 Call for Proposals   

 Abbreviated Title:   
 MT Summit 2025   

 Location:   
 Uni-Mail   

 Monday, 23 June 2025  to Tuesday, 24 June 2025     

 Country:   
 Switzerland   

 Contact Email:   
 mtsummit2025@unige.ch    

 City:   
 Geneva   

 Contact:   
 Pierrette Bouillon   
 Sabrina Girletti   
 Lise Volkart   

 Website:   
 https://mtsummit2025.unige.ch/    

 Submission Deadline:   
 Monday, 25 November 2024    

 *** APOLOGIES FOR CROSS-POSTINGS ***  
 20TH MACHINE TRANSLATION SUMMIT (GENEVA, SWITZERLAND, 23-24 JUNE 2025)  
 FIRST CALL FOR WORKSHOPS & TUTORIALS  
 *** Important dates ***  
 - Submission deadline: 25 November 2024  
  - Notification of acceptance: 13 December 2024  
  - Workshop date: 23 or 24 June 2025  
 *** Submission information ***  
 The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites proposals for tutorials & workshops to be held in conjunction with the MT Summit 2025 conference, taking place in Geneva, Switzerland. Workshops and tutorials will take place before the main conference, on 23 and 24 June 2025.  
 We seek proposals in all areas of machine translation, LLMs applied to translation, computer-assisted translation technologies, spoken language translation and related topics.  
 Please visit our official website for more information: https://mtsummit2025.unige.ch/   
 ***Call for Workshop Proposals***  
  Workshops will be held on June 23-24, 2025. We invite proposals for half-day or full-day workshops (up to 8 hours, including breaks). Workshops should provide an opportunity for MT-related communities to advance the state of thinking or practice in their area of interest.  
 MT Summit workshops are intended to provide the opportunity for MT­related communities of interest to spend focused time together advancing the state of thinking or the state of practice in their area of interest or endeavour.  
 Workshops may be scheduled as half-day or full-day events (up to 8 hours, including coffee and lunch breaks). Proponents need to explicitly state the duration of the workshop.  
 ***Call for Tutorial Proposals***  
 The aim of a tutorial is primarily to help the audience to develop understanding of specific technical, applied, and business matters related to research, development, and use of MT and translation technology.  
 Presentations of specific technological solutions or systems are welcome, provided that they serve as illustrations of broader scientific considerations.  
 We recommend that the tutorial covers work by the presenters as well as by other researchers. The submission should explain that this breadth is ensured. Tutorials should not be “self-invited talks”.  
 Tutorials are generally scheduled as half-day events (up to 3.5 hours, including coffee break).  
 *** Local coordinators ***  
 Pierrette Bouillon  
  Sabrina Girletti  
  Lise Volkart  
 For questions about submissions: mtsummit2025@unige.ch   

 User login  
 Username *      
 Password *      
 Create New Member Account 
  Request New Password 
  Request Username Reminder 
    
   lala   No sign   

 Latest Events  
 ACL 2024 Election Results: Congratulations to Luke Zettlemoyer, Yang Feng and Jordan Lee Boyd-Graber     
   
 CFP: AI & Scientific Discovery (AISD) Workshop at NAACL 2025     
   
 NAACL Board Election 2025-2026     

 The Association for Computational Linguistics  
  317 Sidney Baker Street S., Suite 400-134, Kerrville, TX 78028, USA  
  acl@org.aclweb (unscramble me), Phone: (855) 225-1962  

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to main content    
 Menu   
 About the ACL | What is Computational Linguistics? 
  Join the ACL 
  Officers 
  ACL LTA Winners 
  ACL Fellows 
  Best Paper Awards 
  ACL Diversity Statistics 
  ACL Publicity Information 
  News | ACL News 
  ACL Awards 
  Members in the News 
  News Archives 
  Journals | Computational Linguistics 
  Transactions of the ACL 
  Conferences | Conference News 
  ACL 
  EACL 
  EMNLP 
  NAACL 
  IJCNLP 
  Events | Browse ACL Events 
  Browse Non-ACL Events 
  Add Event to the Website 
  Browse Participants List 
  ACL Fellows | Make Fellows Nominations and Recommendations 
  SIGs 
  Anthology | Anthology 
  Network 
  Wiki 
  Education | NLP/CL Courses 
  NACLO 
  HSCLC 
  Policies | ACL Policies 
  Archives | Mirror of Past Conferences 

 ACL Home  Association for  
  Computational Linguistics    

  CFP: AI & Scientific Discovery (AISD) Workshop at NAACL 2025  
   
 November 26, 2024 | BY bhavanad   
 Event Notification Type:   
 Call for Papers   

 Saturday, 3 May 2025  to Sunday, 4 May 2025     

 State:   
 New Mexico   

 Country:   
 United States   

 Contact Email:   
 bhavanad@allenai.org    
 aisd-organizers@googlegroups.com    

 City:   
 Albuquerque   

 Contact:   
 aisd-organizers@googlegroups.com   

 Website:   
 https://ai-and-scientific-discovery.github.io    

 Submission Deadline:   
 Thursday, 30 January 2025    

 ***First Call for Papers***  
  *** AI & Scientific Discovery (AISD) Workshop at NAACL 2025 ***  
  Website: https://ai-and-scientific-discovery.github.io   
 Tentative First call for workshop papers: November 22 (Friday), 2024  
 Dates  
  -----------  
  All deadlines are 11:59 PM AoE time.  
  Workshop Paper Due Date: Jan 30, 2025  
  Pre-reviewed (ARR) submission deadline: Feb 20, 2025  
  Notification of acceptance: Mar 1, 2025  
  Camera-ready papers due: Mar 10, 2025  
  Workshop date: TBD  
  (NAACL 2025 workshops will take place in Albuquerque, New Mexico May 3–May 4, 2025)  
 List of Topics  
  ------------------  
  Just as coding assistants have dramatically increased productivity for coding tasks over the last two years, researchers in the NLP community have begun to explore methods and opportunities ahead for creating scientific assistants that can help with the process of scientific discovery and increase the pace at which novel discoveries are made. Over the last year, language models have been used to create problem-general scientific discovery assistants that are not restricted to narrow problem domains or formulations. Such applications hold opportunities for assisting researchers in broad domains, or scientific reasoning more generally. Beyond assisting, a growing body of work has begun to focus on the prospect of creating largely autonomous scientific discovery agents that can make novel discoveries with minimal human intervention.  
 These recent developments highlight the possibility of rapidly accelerating the pace of scientific discovery in the near term. Given the influx of researchers into this expanding field, this workshop proposes to serve as a vehicle for bringing together a diverse set of perspectives from this quickly expanding subfield, helping to disseminate the latest results, standardize evaluation, foster collaboration between groups, and allow discussing aspirational goals for 2025 and beyond. As such, the workshop welcomes and covers a wide range of topics, including (but not limited to):  
 ***Literature-based Discovery:*** This topic focuses on using existing scientific articles to facilitate novel discoveries, by finding “undiscovered public knowledge’’, conditioning novel studies based on existing work, or easing the search and reading process. Systems that read the literature at scale may ultimately help us come up with research ideas that are more novel, broader in scope, and operationalized in more useful experiments.  
 ***Agent-centered Approaches:*** Agent models are being used to form end-to-end scientific discovery pipelines, with separate agents taking on different roles, such as hypothesis generation, execution, and reviewing experiments.  
 ***Automated Experiment Execution:*** Agents that can automatically execute experiments require a large number of pragmatic skills that emerging benchmarks are beginning to evaluate, including downloading data, writing code, and interfacing with apps.  
 ***Automated Replication:*** Science is generally suffering a “reproducibility crisis”, and NLP is not immune to this, with (for example) 59% of reproducibility attempts finding worse performance than papers originally reported. Automated reproducibility attempts to read original papers, Github repositories, and instructions, to replicate experiments fully automatically.  
 ***Data-driven Discovery:*** Reading existing papers and combining or re-analyzing existing datasets frequently allows for novel data-driven discoveries without having to collect new data empirically, and may yield inexpensive novel discoveries.  
 ***Discovery in Virtual Environments:*** Virtual environments, including text-based simulations, allow training and evaluating agents at aspects of the scientific discovery process in simulated proxy tasks without running physical experiments, which are costly and time consuming.  
 ***Discovery with Humans in the Loop:*** How can we make the textual knowledge from literature best engage with humans in the discovery process, through various interfaces, processes, and surfaces?  
 ***Assistants for Scientific Writing:*** Language models can be used as assistants in the scientific dissemination process, either as planners for writing text such as academic articles, or blog posts intended for public consumption.  
 Submission Guidelines  
  --------------------------------  
  We welcome three types of papers: archival workshop papers, non-archival papers, and non-archival cross-submissions. Only regular archival workshop papers will be included in the workshop proceedings. All submissions should be in PDF format and made through the OpenReview website set up for this workshop ( https://openreview.net/group?id=aclweb.org/NAACL/2025/Workshop/AISD  ). In line with the ACL main conference policy, camera-ready versions of papers will be given one additional page of content.  
 ***Archival, regular workshop papers:*** Authors should submit a paper up to 8 pages (both short and long papers are welcome), with unlimited pages for references, following the ACL author guidelines. The reported research should be substantially original. All submissions will be reviewed in a single track, regardless of length. Accepted papers will be presented as posters by default, and best papers may be given the opportunity for a brief talk to introduce their work. Reviewing will be double-blind, and thus no author information should be included in the papers; self-reference that identifies the authors should be avoided or anonymised. Accepted papers will appear in the workshop proceedings. Preference for oral presentation slots in the workshop will be given to archival papers.  
  Non-archival regular workshop papers: This is the same as the option above, but these papers will not appear in the proceedings and will typically only receive poster presentation slots. Non-archival submissions in this category will still undergo the review process. This is appropriate for nearly finished work that is intended for submission to another venue at a later date.  
 ***Non-archival cross-submissions:*** We also solicit cross-submissions, i.e., papers on relevant topics that have already appeared in other venues (e.g., workshop or conference papers at NLP, ML, or cognitive science venues, among others). Accepted papers will be presented at the workshop, with an indication of original venue, but will not be included in the workshop proceedings. Cross-submissions are ideal for related work which would benefit from exposure to the AISD audience. Papers in this category do not need to follow the ACL format, and the submission length is determined by the original venue. The paper selection will be solely determined by the organizing committee in a non-blind fashion. These papers will typically receive poster presentation slots.  
  In addition, we welcome papers on relevant topics that are under review or to be submitted to other venues (including the ACL 2024 main conference). These papers must follow the regular workshop paper format and will not be included in the workshop proceedings. Papers in this category will be reviewed by workshop reviewers.  
 Note to authors: While you submit your paper through OpenReview ( https://openreview.net/group?id=aclweb.org/NAACL/2025/Workshop/AISD  ), please select the “Submission Type” properly based on the guidelines.  
 For questions about the submission guidelines, please contact workshop organizers via aisd-organizers  [at] googlegroups.com    
 Organizers  
  ----------------  
  Peter Jansen, University of Arizona/Ai2  
  Bodhisattwa Prasad Majumder, Allen Institute for AI (Ai2)  
  Bhavana Dalvi Mishra, Allen Institute for AI (Ai2)  
  Tushar Khot, Allen Institute for AI (Ai2)  
  Harsh Trivedi, Stony Brook University  
  Tom Hope, Hebrew University Jerusalem/Ai2  
  Doug Downey, Allen Institute for AI (Ai2)  
  Eric Horvitz, Microsoft  

 User login  
 Username *      
 Password *      
 Create New Member Account 
  Request New Password 
  Request Username Reminder 
    
   lala   No sign   

 Latest Events  
 ACL 2024 Election Results: Congratulations to Luke Zettlemoyer, Yang Feng and Jordan Lee Boyd-Graber     
   
 CFP: AI & Scientific Discovery (AISD) Workshop at NAACL 2025     
   
 NAACL Board Election 2025-2026     

 The Association for Computational Linguistics  
  317 Sidney Baker Street S., Suite 400-134, Kerrville, TX 78028, USA  
  acl@org.aclweb (unscramble me), Phone: (855) 225-1962  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

16. Conference EAMT_1:
Skip to content      
   About the EAMT | What is the EAMT 
  What is Machine Translation? 
  Sponsored projects 
  EAMT executive committee 
  Related associations 
  Ethics 
  IAMT | International Association for Machine Translation 
  Bylaws of the International Association for Machine Translation Inc. (IAMT) 
  IAMT Award of Honour 
  Membership | Become a member 
  Institutional members 
  Corporate members 
  Conferences | The EAMT Annual Conference | EAMT Annual Conference Peer Review Policy 
  The MT Summit Biannual Conference | MT Summit Peer Review Policy 
  Best thesis award 
  MT resources | MT Archive 
  MT-List 
  Software compendium 

  Site Search   Search for:    Search      

 EAMT Annual Conference  
  
 EAMT 2025  
 when:  TBA, 2025   
  where:  TBA  
    
 Past editions of the EAMT Annual Conference  
 EAMT 2024   June 24-27, Sheffield, United Kingdom.  
 EAMT 2023   June 12-15, Tampere, Finland.  
 EAMT 2022   June 1-3, Ghent, Belgium.  
 EAMT 2020   May 4-6, Lisbon, Portugal.  
 MT Summit 2019   August 19-23, Dublin, Ireland.  
 EAMT 2018   May 28-30, Alacant, Spain.  
 EAMT 2017   May 29-31, Prague, Czech Republic.  
 EAMT 2016   May 30 – June 1, Riga, Latvia.  
 EAMT 2015   May 11-13, Antalya, Turkey.  
 EAMT 2014   June 16-18, Dubrovnik, Croatia.  
 MT Summit 2013   September 2-6, Nice, France.  
 EAMT 2012   May 28-30, Trento, Italy.  
 EAMT 2011   May 30-31, Leuven, Belgium.  
 EAMT 2010   May 27-28, Saint-Raphaël, France.  
 EAMT 2009  May 14-15, Barcelona, Spain.  
 EAMT 2008  September 22-23, Hamburg, Germany.  
 MT Summit 2007  September 10-14, Copenhagen, Denmark.  
 EAMT 2006   June 19-20, Oslo, Norway.  
 EAMT 2005   May 30-31, Budapest, Hungary.  
 EAMT 2004   April 26-27, Malta.  
 EAMT 2003  May 15-17, Dublin, Ireland.  
 EAMT 2002  November 14-15, Manchester, UK.  
 MT Summit 2001  September 18-23, Santiago de Compostela, Galicia, Spain.  
 EAMT 2000  May 11-12, Ljubljana, Slovenia.  
 EAMT 1999  April 22-23, Prague, Czech Republic.  
 EAMT 1998  April 2-3, Geneva, Switzerland.  
 EAMT 1997  May 21-22, Copenhagen, Denmark.  
 EAMT 1996  August 29-30, Vienna, Austria.  
 MT Summit 1995  July 10-13  , Luxembourg.  
 EAMT 1994  September 14-16, Hildesheim, Germany.  
 EAMT 1993  April 26-28, Heidelberg, Germany.  
 MT Summit 1989  August 16-18, Munich, Germany  

 Theme by Colorlib  Powered by WordPress    

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

17. Conference EAMT_2:
Skip to content      
   About the EAMT | What is the EAMT 
  What is Machine Translation? 
  Sponsored projects 
  EAMT executive committee 
  Related associations 
  Ethics 
  IAMT | International Association for Machine Translation 
  Bylaws of the International Association for Machine Translation Inc. (IAMT) 
  IAMT Award of Honour 
  Membership | Become a member 
  Institutional members 
  Corporate members 
  Conferences | The EAMT Annual Conference | EAMT Annual Conference Peer Review Policy 
  The MT Summit Biannual Conference | MT Summit Peer Review Policy 
  Best thesis award 
  MT resources | MT Archive 
  MT-List 
  Software compendium 

  Site Search   Search for:    Search      

 MT Summit 2025: CALL FOR EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST   
 June 30, 2023 (updated on June 30, 2023) 
    
 The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites expressions of interest to host the MT Summit 2025 conference, to be held in Europe, the Middle East or Africa (EMEA) between Summer and Autumn 2025. This will be the 20th Machine Translation Summit, which takes place bi-annually and its organisation and is overseen by the International Association for Machine Translation (IAMT), rotating between the sister organisations: EAMT, AMTA (Association for Machine Translation in the Americas) and AAMT (Asia-Pacific Association for Machine Translation).  
 At this stage, we seek draft proposals from prospective bidders. These will be evaluated and promising bidders will be asked to provide additional information for the final selection. The EAMT president will act as general chair and will work together with local organisers to design and shape the conference, including the appointment of chairs.  
 Draft proposals (due August 20, 2023) should include information on all of the following items:  
  1. Proposed dates: between Spring and Autumn 2025  
  2. Location: city and conference venue. Indicate whether the conference would be held at a university, hotel or convention centre. Bear in mind that EAMT is growing and we expect the same will happen with MT Summit. While Ghent (EAMT 2022) had around 120 registered participants, Tampere (EAMT 2023) had around 190 registered participants. The last in person MT Summit (Dublin, 2019) had around 300 participants. So please suggest a location that could host 400+ people for the main conference sessions, plus at least 4 conference rooms hosting parallel workshops and tutorials (100 people each), a large poster or exhibit room; and room for registration  
  3. Local arrangements team: local chair/co-chair, committee (identifying a coordinator to be co-opted as EAMT executive committee member), volunteer labour (e.g. students), registration handling. The local arrangements team will be responsible for activities such as arranging meeting rooms, equipment, refreshments, accommodation, on-site registration, participant internet access, the reception, the conference dinner, and working with the other chairs and the EAMT Board to develop the budget and registration materials. Indicate whether any national/regional Computational Linguistics association would be on board of the local organisation  
  4. Computing/wifi/audiovisual: whether there will be desktop/laptop in conference rooms and high-speed wireless Internet access, what the audiovisual facilities are  
  5. Food catering including breaks, reception, poster sessions and conference dinner  
  6. Social events including infrastructure for banquet/other social event and reception  
  7. Potential for local sponsorships  
  8. Opportunities for co-location with other meetings  
  9. The costs related to all of the above items, which should be indicated in the expenses spreadsheet (template provided below).  
 Proposals will be evaluated with respect to a number of criteria (unordered):  
  ● Adequacy of conference and exhibit facilities for the anticipated number of registrants  
  ● Adequacy of accommodations and food services (in a range of price categories) and proximity to the conference facilities  
  ● Adequacy of expenses projections and expected surplus  
  ● Appropriateness of proposed dates  
  ● Geographical and national balance with regard to previous EACL and ACL conferences, and other major Natural Language Processing conferences held in EMEA  
  ● Co-location with national/regional conferences  
  ● Experience of the local arrangements team  
  ● Local CL community support  
  ● Local government and industry support  
  ● Appropriateness of expected registration fees  
  ● Accessibility of proposed site  
 Please send your expressions of interest electronically to the EAMT president:  
 Helena Moniz: helena.moniz  campus.ul.pt  
 The EAMT board encourages groups who intend to submit a proposal to ask questions about how to prepare the proposal.  
 Important Dates:  
 August 11th, 2023: Deadline for bids 
  August 18th, 2023: Feedback to bidders and announcement of shortlist of bidders 
  August 25th, 2023: Final bids with implemented feedback 
  August 30th: Final bid chosen 
  September 4th-8th: MT Summit 2024 announcement (at MT Summit 2023) 

  2022 Anthony C Clarke Award for the EAMT Best Thesis: awardee announcement    
   
 MTSummit Student Listener Tickets     

 Search for:    Search      
 Recent Posts  
 The Anthony C. Clarke Award for the 2024 EAMT Best Thesis 
  EAMT Sponsorship of Activities – Students’ edition – 2024 
  EAMT Sponsorship of Activities – 2024 
  EAMT 2026: CALL FOR BIDS 
  2023 Anthony C Clarke Award for the EAMT Best Thesis: awardee announcement 
    
 Recent Comments  

 Archives  
 November 2024 
  October 2024 
  August 2024 
  April 2024 
  March 2024 
  December 2023 
  September 2023 
  August 2023 
  June 2023 
  April 2023 
  January 2023 
  August 2022 
  May 2022 
  April 2022 
  February 2022 
  January 2022 
  October 2021 
  September 2021 
  May 2021 
  April 2021 
  October 2020 
  May 2020 
  March 2020 
  August 2019 
  May 2019 
  March 2019 
  August 2018 
    
 Categories  
 EAMT best thesis award 
  EAMT conference 
  Latest 
  MT Summit 
  past event 
  Sponsorship of activities 
  Uncategorized 
  upcoming event 
    
 Meta  
 Log in 
  Entries feed 
  Comments feed 
  WordPress.org 

 Theme by Colorlib  Powered by WordPress    

  
Call for papers data: 
Skip to content      
   About the EAMT | What is the EAMT 
  What is Machine Translation? 
  Sponsored projects 
  EAMT executive committee 
  Related associations 
  Ethics 
  IAMT | International Association for Machine Translation 
  Bylaws of the International Association for Machine Translation Inc. (IAMT) 
  IAMT Award of Honour 
  Membership | Become a member 
  Institutional members 
  Corporate members 
  Conferences | The EAMT Annual Conference | EAMT Annual Conference Peer Review Policy 
  The MT Summit Biannual Conference | MT Summit Peer Review Policy 
  Best thesis award 
  MT resources | MT Archive 
  MT-List 
  Software compendium 

  Site Search   Search for:    Search      

 MT Summit 2025: CALL FOR EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST   
 June 30, 2023 (updated on June 30, 2023) 
    
 The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites expressions of interest to host the MT Summit 2025 conference, to be held in Europe, the Middle East or Africa (EMEA) between Summer and Autumn 2025. This will be the 20th Machine Translation Summit, which takes place bi-annually and its organisation and is overseen by the International Association for Machine Translation (IAMT), rotating between the sister organisations: EAMT, AMTA (Association for Machine Translation in the Americas) and AAMT (Asia-Pacific Association for Machine Translation).  
 At this stage, we seek draft proposals from prospective bidders. These will be evaluated and promising bidders will be asked to provide additional information for the final selection. The EAMT president will act as general chair and will work together with local organisers to design and shape the conference, including the appointment of chairs.  
 Draft proposals (due August 20, 2023) should include information on all of the following items:  
  1. Proposed dates: between Spring and Autumn 2025  
  2. Location: city and conference venue. Indicate whether the conference would be held at a university, hotel or convention centre. Bear in mind that EAMT is growing and we expect the same will happen with MT Summit. While Ghent (EAMT 2022) had around 120 registered participants, Tampere (EAMT 2023) had around 190 registered participants. The last in person MT Summit (Dublin, 2019) had around 300 participants. So please suggest a location that could host 400+ people for the main conference sessions, plus at least 4 conference rooms hosting parallel workshops and tutorials (100 people each), a large poster or exhibit room; and room for registration  
  3. Local arrangements team: local chair/co-chair, committee (identifying a coordinator to be co-opted as EAMT executive committee member), volunteer labour (e.g. students), registration handling. The local arrangements team will be responsible for activities such as arranging meeting rooms, equipment, refreshments, accommodation, on-site registration, participant internet access, the reception, the conference dinner, and working with the other chairs and the EAMT Board to develop the budget and registration materials. Indicate whether any national/regional Computational Linguistics association would be on board of the local organisation  
  4. Computing/wifi/audiovisual: whether there will be desktop/laptop in conference rooms and high-speed wireless Internet access, what the audiovisual facilities are  
  5. Food catering including breaks, reception, poster sessions and conference dinner  
  6. Social events including infrastructure for banquet/other social event and reception  
  7. Potential for local sponsorships  
  8. Opportunities for co-location with other meetings  
  9. The costs related to all of the above items, which should be indicated in the expenses spreadsheet (template provided below).  
 Proposals will be evaluated with respect to a number of criteria (unordered):  
  ● Adequacy of conference and exhibit facilities for the anticipated number of registrants  
  ● Adequacy of accommodations and food services (in a range of price categories) and proximity to the conference facilities  
  ● Adequacy of expenses projections and expected surplus  
  ● Appropriateness of proposed dates  
  ● Geographical and national balance with regard to previous EACL and ACL conferences, and other major Natural Language Processing conferences held in EMEA  
  ● Co-location with national/regional conferences  
  ● Experience of the local arrangements team  
  ● Local CL community support  
  ● Local government and industry support  
  ● Appropriateness of expected registration fees  
  ● Accessibility of proposed site  
 Please send your expressions of interest electronically to the EAMT president:  
 Helena Moniz: helena.moniz  campus.ul.pt  
 The EAMT board encourages groups who intend to submit a proposal to ask questions about how to prepare the proposal.  
 Important Dates:  
 August 11th, 2023: Deadline for bids 
  August 18th, 2023: Feedback to bidders and announcement of shortlist of bidders 
  August 25th, 2023: Final bids with implemented feedback 
  August 30th: Final bid chosen 
  September 4th-8th: MT Summit 2024 announcement (at MT Summit 2023) 

  2022 Anthony C Clarke Award for the EAMT Best Thesis: awardee announcement    
   
 MTSummit Student Listener Tickets     

 Search for:    Search      
 Recent Posts  
 The Anthony C. Clarke Award for the 2024 EAMT Best Thesis 
  EAMT Sponsorship of Activities – Students’ edition – 2024 
  EAMT Sponsorship of Activities – 2024 
  EAMT 2026: CALL FOR BIDS 
  2023 Anthony C Clarke Award for the EAMT Best Thesis: awardee announcement 
    
 Recent Comments  

 Archives  
 November 2024 
  October 2024 
  August 2024 
  April 2024 
  March 2024 
  December 2023 
  September 2023 
  August 2023 
  June 2023 
  April 2023 
  January 2023 
  August 2022 
  May 2022 
  April 2022 
  February 2022 
  January 2022 
  October 2021 
  September 2021 
  May 2021 
  April 2021 
  October 2020 
  May 2020 
  March 2020 
  August 2019 
  May 2019 
  March 2019 
  August 2018 
    
 Categories  
 EAMT best thesis award 
  EAMT conference 
  Latest 
  MT Summit 
  past event 
  Sponsorship of activities 
  Uncategorized 
  upcoming event 
    
 Meta  
 Log in 
  Entries feed 
  Comments feed 
  WordPress.org 

 Theme by Colorlib  Powered by WordPress    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

18. Conference EANN_0:
info@eannconf.org 
  Facebook 
  Linkedin 

    Toggle Navigation     
   
 Conference History 
  Proceedings 
  Bibliometrics 
  Community 
  Gallery 
  Past Events 
  Upcoming Event 
  Contact 

 The EANN series has been renamed as:  
  EAAAI (Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence).  

 EAAAI (ex EANN) 2025  

 26th Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence  
   Cyprus University of Technology, Limassol, Cyprus  
  Hybrid @ Limassol – Cyprus & Web  
  26 – 29 June, 2025  

 International Conference on  
  Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence  

 EANN international Conference Google Scholar Profile​  

 https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=7qWVA10AAAAJ&hl=en   

 EANN international Conference has reached  
  h-index of 31    
  and published papers have been Cited more than 6,300 times!   

 EAAAI (ex EANN) Program Committee Members / Reviewers  

 If you want to join our Program Committee / Reviewers team  , please click on the link bellow and fill in the Reviewer Application form.  
 https://eannconf.org/reviewer-form/    

 INNS  •  SPRINGER    

 All rights reserved | EANN organizing board   

     Skip to content  Open toolbar  Accessibility Tools         
 Accessibility Tools  
 Increase Text     Increase Text 
  Decrease Text     Decrease Text 
  Grayscale     Grayscale 
  High Contrast     High Contrast 
  Negative Contrast     Negative Contrast 
  Light Background     Light Background 
  Links Underline     Links Underline 
  Readable Font     Readable Font 
  Reset     Reset 

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

19. Conference EAMT_3:
Home 
  About | The MT Summit 
  Organising committee 
  Code of conduct 
  Calls | Papers 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Programme | Keynote speakers 
  Attending | Registration 
  Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Visiting Geneva 
  Visa information 
  Sponsors 

 2 nd   Call for papers  
 Important dates  
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
 Submission deadline:  27 January 2025  1st Notification to authors:  10 March 2025  Rebuttal period:  10 to 17 March 2025  Final Notification to authors:  24 March 2025  Author registration:  30 April 2025  Camera ready deadlines:  28 April 2025   The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites everyone interested in machine translation and translation-related tools and resources ― developers, researchers, users, translation and localization professionals and managers ― to participate in the MT Summit 2025.  
 Driven by the state of the art, the research community will demonstrate their cutting-edge research and results. Professional MT users will provide insights into successful implementation of MT in business scenarios as well as implementation scenarios involving large corporations, governments, or NGOs. Translation studies scholars and translation practitioners are also invited to share their experience with MT.  
 Note that papers that have been archived in arXiv can be accepted for submission provided that they have not already been published elsewhere.  
 We expect to receive manuscripts in these four categories:  
 Research - Technical   
 Submissions (up to 10 pages, plus unlimited pages for references, appendices and sustainability statement  ) are invited for reports of significant research results in any aspect of machine translation and related areas. Such reports should include a substantial evaluation component, or have a strong theoretical and/or methodological contribution where results and in-depth evaluations may not be appropriate. Papers are welcome on all topics in the areas of machine translation and translation-related technologies, including, but not limited to:  
 Latest advances in MT 
  Model distillation, compression and on-device MT 
  Efficiency improvement and MT with low computational resources 
  Few-shots adaptation and pre-trained MT systems 
  MT for low-resource languages and varieties (including historical languages) 
  LLMs for translation, transcreation, and other cross-lingual use cases 
  Augmenting MT with ML, NLP or generative AI 
  Comparative evaluation of MT systems 
  Interactive and real-time adaptive MT systems: including advanced approaches to leverage TM and end-user feedback 
  Detecting and preventing catastrophic errors in output 
  Measuring fairness, bias, and transparency in output 
  Advanced MT fine-tuning and enhancement: including pre- and post-processing; controlling style, tone of voice, gender 
  Technologies for MT deployment: quality estimation, domain adaptation, etc. 
  MT for multiple modalities (speech, sign language, video, etc.) 
  MT for real-time communication (chats, social networks, etc.) 
  MT in production scenarios, robustness and deployment issues 
  Linguistic resources for MT: corpora, terminologies, dictionaries, etc. 
  MT quality estimation and evaluation techniques, metrics, and evaluation results 
  Related multilingual technologies: natural language generation, information retrieval, text categorization, text summarization, information extraction, optical character recognition, etc. 
  Source text improvement: improving the source content destined for MT through automatic tools such as grammar correction, guidelines, and NLP 
  Papers should describe original work. They should emphasize completed work rather than intended work and should clearly indicate the state of completion of the reported results. Where appropriate, concrete evaluation results should be included.  
 Papers should be anonymized, prepared according to the templates specified below  , and be no longer than 10 pages (plus unlimited pages for references, appendices and sustainability statement  )  
 Submit the paper as a PDF to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Research Technical).  
 Track chairs:  Catarina Farinha (Unbabel) and Marco Gaido (Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy)  

 Research - Translators and Users   
 Submissions (up to 10 pages, plus unlimited pages for references, appendices and sustainability statement  ) are invited for academic research on all topics related to how professional translators and other types of MT users interact with, are affected by, or conceptualize machine translation. Papers should report significant research results with a strong theoretical and/or methodological contribution.  
  Topics for the track include, but are not limited to:  
 The impact of MT and post-editing: including studies on processes, effort, strategies, usability productivity, pricing, workflows, and post-editese 
  Emerging areas for MT & post-editing: audiovisual, game localization, literary texts, creative texts, social media, health care communication, crisis translation 
  Ethics, policy, and regulatory trends concerning the use of MT or generative AI for cross-lingual use cases 
  The evaluation and reception of different modalities of translation: human translation, post-edited raw MT 
  MT and interpreting 
  Post-editing and human-in-the-loop methods: new approaches, successes and failures, applicability to different content-types, etc. 
  Interaction of language professionals (translators and interpreters) with MT and generative AI tools and output 
  MT and LLM integration in CAT environments and translation workflow 
  MT for gisting and the impact of MT on users: use cases, expectations, perceptions, trust, views on acceptability 
  MT and usability 
  MT and education/language learning 
  MT in the translation/interpreting classroom 
  Papers should describe original work. They should emphasize completed work rather than intended work and should indicate clearly the state of completion of the reported results.  
 Papers should be anonymized, prepared according to the templates specified below  , and be no longer than 10 pages (plus unlimited pages for references, appendices and sustainability statement  ).  
 Submit the paper as a PDF to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Research Translators and Users).  
 Track chairs:  Joke Daems (Ghent University, Belgium) and Dorothy Kenny (Dublin City University, Ireland)  

 Implementations and Case Studies   
 Submissions (4–6 pages) are invited for reports on case studies and implementation experience with MT in organizations of all types, including small businesses, large corporations, governments, NGOs, or language service providers. We also invite translation practitioners to share their views and observations based on their day-to-day experience working with MT in a variety of environments.  
  Topics for the track include, but are not limited to:  
 Integrating or optimizing MT and computer-assisted translation in translation production workflows (translation memory/MT thresholds, mixing online and offline tools, 
  using interactive MT, dealing with MT confidence scores) 
  Managing change when implementing and using MT (e.g. switching between multiple MT systems, limiting degradations when updating or upgrading an MT system) 
  Implementing open-source MT (e.g. strategies to get support, reports on taking pilot results into full deployment, examples of advanced customization sought and obtained 
  thanks to the open-source paradigm, collaboration within open-source MT projects) 
  Evaluating MT in a real-world setting (e.g. error detection strategies, metrics, productivity or translation quality gains) 
  Ethical and confidentiality issues when using MT, especially MT in the cloud 
  Using MT in social networking or real-time communication (e.g. enterprise support chat, multilingual content for social media) 
  MT and usability 
  Implementing MT to process multilingual content for assimilation purposes (e.g. cross-lingual information retrieval, MT for e-discovery or spam detection, MT for highly dynamic content) 
  MT in literary, audiovisual, game localization and creative texts 
  Impact of MT and post-editing on translation practices and the profession: processes, effort compensation 
  Psycho-social aspects of MT adoption (ergonomics, motivation, and social impact on the profession) 
  Error analysis and post-editing strategies (including automatic post-editing and automation strategies) 
  The use of translators’ metadata and user activity data in MT development 
  Freelance translators’ independent use of MT 
  MT and interpreting 
  Generative AI and Large language models integration in translation workflows 
  Papers should highlight real-world use scenarios, solutions, and problems in addition to describing MT integration processes and project settings. Where solutions do not exist, suggestions for MT researchers and developers should be clearly emphasized. For papers on implementations and case studies produced by academics, we require co-authorship with the actual organizations working with MT implementations.  
 Papers (approximately 4–6 pages, with a maximum of 10 pages including references) should be formatted according to the templates specified below  and submitted as PDF files to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Implementations and Case studies). Anonymization is not required in the Implementations and Case Studies track submissions.  
 Track chairs:  Samuel Läubli (Textshuttle/Supertext, Switzerland) and Martin Volk (University of Zurich, Switzerland)  

 Products and Projets   
 Submissions (2 pages, including references) are invited on either of the subtracks (Products or Projects).  
 Products:  Tools for MT, computer-aided translation, and other translation technologies (including commercial products and free/open-source software). Descriptions should include information about product availability and licensing, an indication of cost if applicable, basic functionality, (optionally) a comparison with other products, and a description of the technologies used. The authors should be ready to present the tools in the form of demos or posters during the conference.  
 Projects:  Research projects, funded through grants obtained in competitive public or private calls related to machine translation. Descriptions should contain: project title and acronym, funding agency, project reference, duration, list of partner institutions or companies in the consortium if there is one, project objectives, and a summary of partial results available or final results if the project has ended. The authors should be ready to present the projects in the form of posters during the conference.  
 There will be a poster boaster session for this track, in which authors will have 120 seconds to attract attendees to their posters or demos with a two-slide presentation.  
 Submissions should be formatted according to the templates specified below  . Anonymization is not required. Submissions should be no longer than 2 pages (including references) and submitted as PDF files to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Products and Projects).  
 Track chairs:  Miquel Esplà-Gomis (University of Alicante, Spain) and Vincent Vandeghinste (KU Leuven, Belgium)  

 Sustainability statement  
 For all tracks, we strongly encourage work complying with the “Green AI” principles (Schwartz et al. 2020) and focusing on reducing the environmental cost of MT model training and usage by, among others, improving training and inference efficiency. Furthermore, we strongly encourage authors who carry out computational experiments to report average runtime for each model/algorithm, estimate energy cost and to add a carbon impact statement  to their paper following the guidelines by Henderson et al. (2020).  
 Below is a list of tools that can be used to estimate carbon emissions of an experiment:  
 ML CO2 IMPACT (Lacoste et al. 2019) 
  Green Algorithm (Lannelongue et al. 2021) 
  References:  
 Lacoste, A., Luccioni, A., Schmidt, V., Dandres, T. (2019), Quantifying the Carbon Emissions of Machine Learning  . ArXiv preprint.   
 Lannelongue, L., Grealey, J., Inouye, M. (2021), Green Algorithms: Quantifying the Carbon Footprint of Computation  . Adv. Sci. 2021.   
 Schwartz, R., Dodge, J., Smith, N., Etzioni, O. (2020), Green AI  . Commun. ACM 63, 12 (December 2020), 54–63.   
   
  Find out the meaning of these stripes on #ShowYourStripes  , CC-BY  Ed Hawkins (University of Reading)   

 2 nd   Call for Workshop Proposals  
 Important dates  
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
 Submission deadline:  25 November 2024  NEW: 4 December 2024   Notification of acceptance:  13 December 2024  Workshop date:  23 or 24 June 2025   The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites proposals for workshops to be held in conjunction with the MT Summit 2025 conference, taking place in Geneva, Switzerland. The workshops will take place before the main conference, on 23 and 24 June 2025.  
 MT Summit workshops are intended to provide the opportunity for MT­-related communities of interest to spend focused time together advancing the state of thinking or the state of practice in their area of interest or endeavour. We seek proposals in all areas of machine translation, LLMs applied to translation, computer-assisted translation technologies, spoken language translation and related topics.  
 Workshops may be scheduled as half-day or full-day events (up to 8 hours, including coffee and lunch breaks). Proponents need to explicitly state the duration of the workshop.  
 Submission Information   
 Proposals should not exceed 4 pages of content (plus unlimited pages for references), should be in PDF format, and should contain the following:  
 The title of the workshop 
  Authors' names, affiliations and contact information 
  A brief description of the workshop topics and content and its relevance to the main conference 
  A list of speakers whom you intend to invite to present at the workshop 
  An estimate of the number of attendees 
  A description of any shared tasks associated with the workshop (if any), and an estimate number of participants 
  If the workshop has been held before, include relevant information about previous editions (location, number of attendees, number of accepted submissions, etc) 
  A description of special requirements and technical needs 
  An outline of the intended workshop timeline including dates for: | First call for workshop papers 
  Second call for workshop papers 
  Submission deadline for workshop papers 
  Notification of acceptance 
  Camery-ready version deadline 
  Information about organisers and program committee, including: | A brief description (2-5 sentences) of the organisers’ research interests, areas of expertise and experience in organising workshops and related events 
  A list of Programme Committee members, with an indication of which members have already agreed. | Workshops are expected to follow the timelines below, so please make sure the dates above fit into the schedule: | 1st Call: no later than Friday, 20 December 2024 
  Deadline: no later than Monday, 10 March 2025 
  Acceptance: no later than Monday 31, March 2025 
  Camera ready: no later than Monday 7, April 2025 
  Proceedings deadline: Monday, 2 June 2025 | Proposals should be submitted as PDF files to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Workshops). | Submissions should be formatted according to the templates specified below  . Please also use these templates for camera-ready workshop contributions to comply with the format requirements for the workshop proceedings to be published in the ACL Anthology. | Anonymisation is not required. Submissions should be no longer than 4 pages (excluding references). If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at mtsummit2025@unige.ch with the subject “Workshop proposal”. 

 Evaluation Criteria   
 The workshop proposals will be evaluated according to their originality and impact, the experience of the organising team and the programme committee.  

 Organiser Responsibilities   
 The organisers will be responsible for publicising and running the workshop, including reviewing submissions, producing the camera-ready workshop proceedings and publishing them in the ACL Anthology as well as organising the schedule with local MT Summit organisers. Workshop organisers should cover any expenses for invited speakers, if applicable.  
 For every accepted workshop, we offer free registration to the main conference for one workshop organiser.   

 Track chairs:  Sheila Castilho (Dublin City University, Ireland) and François Yvon (Sorbonne University, France)  

 2 nd   Call for Tutorials  
 Important dates  
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
 Submission deadline:  25 November 2024  NEW: 4 December 2024   Notification of acceptance:  13 December 2024  Abstract deadline:  7 April 2025  Tutorial materials:  2 June 2025  Tutorial date:  23 or 24 June 2025   The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites proposals for tutorials to be held in The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites proposals for tutorials to be held in conjunction with the MT Summit 2025 conference, taking place in Geneva, Switzerland. The tutorials will take place before the main conference, on 23 and 24 June 2025.  
 We seek proposals in all areas of machine translation, LLMs applied to translation, computer-assisted translation technologies, spoken language translation and related topics.  
 The aim of a tutorial is primarily to help the audience to develop understanding of specific technical applied, and business matters related to research, development, and use of MT and translation technology.  
 Presentations of specific technological solutions or systems are welcome, provided that they serve as illustrations of broader scientific considerations.  
 We recommend that the tutorial covers work by the presenters as well as by other researchers. The submission should explain that this breadth is ensured. Tutorials should not be “self-invited talks”.  
 Tutorials are generally scheduled as half-day events (up to 3.5 hours, including coffee break).  
 Submission Information   
 Proposals should not exceed 4 pages of content (plus unlimited pages for references), should be in PDF format, and should contain the following:  
 The title of the tutorial 
  Authors' names, affiliations and contact information 
  A brief description of the tutorial content and its relevance to the machine translation community 
  Short description of the target audience and any expected prerequisite background the audience should be aware of 
  An outline of the tutorial structure content and how it will be covered in a 3.5-hour slot (half-day). If you request a full-day slot it must be clearly motivated. 
  Diversity considerations, e.g. use of multilingual data, indications of how the described methods scale up to various languages or domains, participation of both senior and junior instructors, plans for how to diversify audience participation, etc. 
  Reading list. Work that you expect the audience to read before the tutorial can be indicated by an asterisk. The list should contain work by various authors (not just the tutorial organisers). Work from other disciplines is welcome if relevant. 
  For each tutorial presenter, a short description of their research interests and areas of expertise for the tutorial topic, as well as experience in instructing an international audience. 
  An estimate of the number of attendees. If this tutorial (or similar) has been given before, include information on previous edition (location, number of attendees, etc) 
  A description of special requirements for technical equipment. 
  Proposals should be submitted as PDF files to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Tutorials).  
 Submissions should be formatted according to the templates specified below  . Anonymisation is not required. Submissions should be no longer than 4 pages (excluding references). If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at mtsummit2025@unige.ch with the subject “Tutorial proposal”.  

 Evaluation Criteria   
 Each tutorial proposal will be evaluated according to its clarity and preparedness novelty or timely character of the topic, as well as instructors’ experience.  

 Tutorial Instructor Responsibilities   
 Accepted tutorial presenters will be notified by Friday, 13 December 2024. They must then provide abstracts of their tutorials for inclusion in the conference registration material by the specific conference deadlines. The description should be in two formats: (a) an ASCII version that can be included in email announcements and published on the conference website, and (b) a PDF version for inclusion in the electronic proceedings (detailed instructions will be provided). Tutorial speakers must provide tutorial materials by Monday, 2 June 2025. The final submitted tutorial materials must include copies of the course slides and a bibliography for the material covered in the tutorial.  
 For every accepted tutorial, we offer free registration to the main conference for one tutorial presenter  .  

 Track chairs:  Sheila Castilho (Dublin City University, Ireland) and François Yvon (Sorbonne Université, France)  

 Templates  
 Use one of the templates below to prepare your submission: LaTeX 
  Cloneable Overleaf template 
  Word 
  PDF 

   MT Summit 2025     mtsummit2025@unige.ch     MTSummit2025     
  
  
Call for papers data: 
     Home 
  About | The MT Summit 
  Organising committee 
  Code of conduct 
  Calls | Papers 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Programme | Keynote speakers 
  Attending | Registration 
  Venue 
  Accomodation 
  Visiting Geneva 
  Visa information 
  Sponsors 

 2 nd   Call for papers  
 Important dates  
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
 Submission deadline:  27 January 2025  1st Notification to authors:  10 March 2025  Rebuttal period:  10 to 17 March 2025  Final Notification to authors:  24 March 2025  Author registration:  30 April 2025  Camera ready deadlines:  28 April 2025   The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites everyone interested in machine translation and translation-related tools and resources ― developers, researchers, users, translation and localization professionals and managers ― to participate in the MT Summit 2025.  
 Driven by the state of the art, the research community will demonstrate their cutting-edge research and results. Professional MT users will provide insights into successful implementation of MT in business scenarios as well as implementation scenarios involving large corporations, governments, or NGOs. Translation studies scholars and translation practitioners are also invited to share their experience with MT.  
 Note that papers that have been archived in arXiv can be accepted for submission provided that they have not already been published elsewhere.  
 We expect to receive manuscripts in these four categories:  
 Research - Technical   
 Submissions (up to 10 pages, plus unlimited pages for references, appendices and sustainability statement  ) are invited for reports of significant research results in any aspect of machine translation and related areas. Such reports should include a substantial evaluation component, or have a strong theoretical and/or methodological contribution where results and in-depth evaluations may not be appropriate. Papers are welcome on all topics in the areas of machine translation and translation-related technologies, including, but not limited to:  
 Latest advances in MT 
  Model distillation, compression and on-device MT 
  Efficiency improvement and MT with low computational resources 
  Few-shots adaptation and pre-trained MT systems 
  MT for low-resource languages and varieties (including historical languages) 
  LLMs for translation, transcreation, and other cross-lingual use cases 
  Augmenting MT with ML, NLP or generative AI 
  Comparative evaluation of MT systems 
  Interactive and real-time adaptive MT systems: including advanced approaches to leverage TM and end-user feedback 
  Detecting and preventing catastrophic errors in output 
  Measuring fairness, bias, and transparency in output 
  Advanced MT fine-tuning and enhancement: including pre- and post-processing; controlling style, tone of voice, gender 
  Technologies for MT deployment: quality estimation, domain adaptation, etc. 
  MT for multiple modalities (speech, sign language, video, etc.) 
  MT for real-time communication (chats, social networks, etc.) 
  MT in production scenarios, robustness and deployment issues 
  Linguistic resources for MT: corpora, terminologies, dictionaries, etc. 
  MT quality estimation and evaluation techniques, metrics, and evaluation results 
  Related multilingual technologies: natural language generation, information retrieval, text categorization, text summarization, information extraction, optical character recognition, etc. 
  Source text improvement: improving the source content destined for MT through automatic tools such as grammar correction, guidelines, and NLP 
  Papers should describe original work. They should emphasize completed work rather than intended work and should clearly indicate the state of completion of the reported results. Where appropriate, concrete evaluation results should be included.  
 Papers should be anonymized, prepared according to the templates specified below  , and be no longer than 10 pages (plus unlimited pages for references, appendices and sustainability statement  )  
 Submit the paper as a PDF to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Research Technical).  
 Track chairs:  Catarina Farinha (Unbabel) and Marco Gaido (Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy)  

 Research - Translators and Users   
 Submissions (up to 10 pages, plus unlimited pages for references, appendices and sustainability statement  ) are invited for academic research on all topics related to how professional translators and other types of MT users interact with, are affected by, or conceptualize machine translation. Papers should report significant research results with a strong theoretical and/or methodological contribution.  
  Topics for the track include, but are not limited to:  
 The impact of MT and post-editing: including studies on processes, effort, strategies, usability productivity, pricing, workflows, and post-editese 
  Emerging areas for MT & post-editing: audiovisual, game localization, literary texts, creative texts, social media, health care communication, crisis translation 
  Ethics, policy, and regulatory trends concerning the use of MT or generative AI for cross-lingual use cases 
  The evaluation and reception of different modalities of translation: human translation, post-edited raw MT 
  MT and interpreting 
  Post-editing and human-in-the-loop methods: new approaches, successes and failures, applicability to different content-types, etc. 
  Interaction of language professionals (translators and interpreters) with MT and generative AI tools and output 
  MT and LLM integration in CAT environments and translation workflow 
  MT for gisting and the impact of MT on users: use cases, expectations, perceptions, trust, views on acceptability 
  MT and usability 
  MT and education/language learning 
  MT in the translation/interpreting classroom 
  Papers should describe original work. They should emphasize completed work rather than intended work and should indicate clearly the state of completion of the reported results.  
 Papers should be anonymized, prepared according to the templates specified below  , and be no longer than 10 pages (plus unlimited pages for references, appendices and sustainability statement  ).  
 Submit the paper as a PDF to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Research Translators and Users).  
 Track chairs:  Joke Daems (Ghent University, Belgium) and Dorothy Kenny (Dublin City University, Ireland)  

 Implementations and Case Studies   
 Submissions (4–6 pages) are invited for reports on case studies and implementation experience with MT in organizations of all types, including small businesses, large corporations, governments, NGOs, or language service providers. We also invite translation practitioners to share their views and observations based on their day-to-day experience working with MT in a variety of environments.  
  Topics for the track include, but are not limited to:  
 Integrating or optimizing MT and computer-assisted translation in translation production workflows (translation memory/MT thresholds, mixing online and offline tools, 
  using interactive MT, dealing with MT confidence scores) 
  Managing change when implementing and using MT (e.g. switching between multiple MT systems, limiting degradations when updating or upgrading an MT system) 
  Implementing open-source MT (e.g. strategies to get support, reports on taking pilot results into full deployment, examples of advanced customization sought and obtained 
  thanks to the open-source paradigm, collaboration within open-source MT projects) 
  Evaluating MT in a real-world setting (e.g. error detection strategies, metrics, productivity or translation quality gains) 
  Ethical and confidentiality issues when using MT, especially MT in the cloud 
  Using MT in social networking or real-time communication (e.g. enterprise support chat, multilingual content for social media) 
  MT and usability 
  Implementing MT to process multilingual content for assimilation purposes (e.g. cross-lingual information retrieval, MT for e-discovery or spam detection, MT for highly dynamic content) 
  MT in literary, audiovisual, game localization and creative texts 
  Impact of MT and post-editing on translation practices and the profession: processes, effort compensation 
  Psycho-social aspects of MT adoption (ergonomics, motivation, and social impact on the profession) 
  Error analysis and post-editing strategies (including automatic post-editing and automation strategies) 
  The use of translators’ metadata and user activity data in MT development 
  Freelance translators’ independent use of MT 
  MT and interpreting 
  Generative AI and Large language models integration in translation workflows 
  Papers should highlight real-world use scenarios, solutions, and problems in addition to describing MT integration processes and project settings. Where solutions do not exist, suggestions for MT researchers and developers should be clearly emphasized. For papers on implementations and case studies produced by academics, we require co-authorship with the actual organizations working with MT implementations.  
 Papers (approximately 4–6 pages, with a maximum of 10 pages including references) should be formatted according to the templates specified below  and submitted as PDF files to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Implementations and Case studies). Anonymization is not required in the Implementations and Case Studies track submissions.  
 Track chairs:  Samuel Läubli (Textshuttle/Supertext, Switzerland) and Martin Volk (University of Zurich, Switzerland)  

 Products and Projets   
 Submissions (2 pages, including references) are invited on either of the subtracks (Products or Projects).  
 Products:  Tools for MT, computer-aided translation, and other translation technologies (including commercial products and free/open-source software). Descriptions should include information about product availability and licensing, an indication of cost if applicable, basic functionality, (optionally) a comparison with other products, and a description of the technologies used. The authors should be ready to present the tools in the form of demos or posters during the conference.  
 Projects:  Research projects, funded through grants obtained in competitive public or private calls related to machine translation. Descriptions should contain: project title and acronym, funding agency, project reference, duration, list of partner institutions or companies in the consortium if there is one, project objectives, and a summary of partial results available or final results if the project has ended. The authors should be ready to present the projects in the form of posters during the conference.  
 There will be a poster boaster session for this track, in which authors will have 120 seconds to attract attendees to their posters or demos with a two-slide presentation.  
 Submissions should be formatted according to the templates specified below  . Anonymization is not required. Submissions should be no longer than 2 pages (including references) and submitted as PDF files to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Products and Projects).  
 Track chairs:  Miquel Esplà-Gomis (University of Alicante, Spain) and Vincent Vandeghinste (KU Leuven, Belgium)  

 Sustainability statement  
 For all tracks, we strongly encourage work complying with the “Green AI” principles (Schwartz et al. 2020) and focusing on reducing the environmental cost of MT model training and usage by, among others, improving training and inference efficiency. Furthermore, we strongly encourage authors who carry out computational experiments to report average runtime for each model/algorithm, estimate energy cost and to add a carbon impact statement  to their paper following the guidelines by Henderson et al. (2020).  
 Below is a list of tools that can be used to estimate carbon emissions of an experiment:  
 ML CO2 IMPACT (Lacoste et al. 2019) 
  Green Algorithm (Lannelongue et al. 2021) 
  References:  
 Lacoste, A., Luccioni, A., Schmidt, V., Dandres, T. (2019), Quantifying the Carbon Emissions of Machine Learning  . ArXiv preprint.   
 Lannelongue, L., Grealey, J., Inouye, M. (2021), Green Algorithms: Quantifying the Carbon Footprint of Computation  . Adv. Sci. 2021.   
 Schwartz, R., Dodge, J., Smith, N., Etzioni, O. (2020), Green AI  . Commun. ACM 63, 12 (December 2020), 54–63.   
   
  Find out the meaning of these stripes on #ShowYourStripes  , CC-BY  Ed Hawkins (University of Reading)   

 2 nd   Call for Workshop Proposals  
 Important dates  
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
 Submission deadline:  25 November 2024  NEW: 4 December 2024   Notification of acceptance:  13 December 2024  Workshop date:  23 or 24 June 2025   The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites proposals for workshops to be held in conjunction with the MT Summit 2025 conference, taking place in Geneva, Switzerland. The workshops will take place before the main conference, on 23 and 24 June 2025.  
 MT Summit workshops are intended to provide the opportunity for MT­-related communities of interest to spend focused time together advancing the state of thinking or the state of practice in their area of interest or endeavour. We seek proposals in all areas of machine translation, LLMs applied to translation, computer-assisted translation technologies, spoken language translation and related topics.  
 Workshops may be scheduled as half-day or full-day events (up to 8 hours, including coffee and lunch breaks). Proponents need to explicitly state the duration of the workshop.  
 Submission Information   
 Proposals should not exceed 4 pages of content (plus unlimited pages for references), should be in PDF format, and should contain the following:  
 The title of the workshop 
  Authors' names, affiliations and contact information 
  A brief description of the workshop topics and content and its relevance to the main conference 
  A list of speakers whom you intend to invite to present at the workshop 
  An estimate of the number of attendees 
  A description of any shared tasks associated with the workshop (if any), and an estimate number of participants 
  If the workshop has been held before, include relevant information about previous editions (location, number of attendees, number of accepted submissions, etc) 
  A description of special requirements and technical needs 
  An outline of the intended workshop timeline including dates for: | First call for workshop papers 
  Second call for workshop papers 
  Submission deadline for workshop papers 
  Notification of acceptance 
  Camery-ready version deadline 
  Information about organisers and program committee, including: | A brief description (2-5 sentences) of the organisers’ research interests, areas of expertise and experience in organising workshops and related events 
  A list of Programme Committee members, with an indication of which members have already agreed. | Workshops are expected to follow the timelines below, so please make sure the dates above fit into the schedule: | 1st Call: no later than Friday, 20 December 2024 
  Deadline: no later than Monday, 10 March 2025 
  Acceptance: no later than Monday 31, March 2025 
  Camera ready: no later than Monday 7, April 2025 
  Proceedings deadline: Monday, 2 June 2025 | Proposals should be submitted as PDF files to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Workshops). | Submissions should be formatted according to the templates specified below  . Please also use these templates for camera-ready workshop contributions to comply with the format requirements for the workshop proceedings to be published in the ACL Anthology. | Anonymisation is not required. Submissions should be no longer than 4 pages (excluding references). If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at mtsummit2025@unige.ch with the subject “Workshop proposal”. 

 Evaluation Criteria   
 The workshop proposals will be evaluated according to their originality and impact, the experience of the organising team and the programme committee.  

 Organiser Responsibilities   
 The organisers will be responsible for publicising and running the workshop, including reviewing submissions, producing the camera-ready workshop proceedings and publishing them in the ACL Anthology as well as organising the schedule with local MT Summit organisers. Workshop organisers should cover any expenses for invited speakers, if applicable.  
 For every accepted workshop, we offer free registration to the main conference for one workshop organiser.   

 Track chairs:  Sheila Castilho (Dublin City University, Ireland) and François Yvon (Sorbonne University, France)  

 2 nd   Call for Tutorials  
 Important dates  
 All deadlines are at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth).  
 Submission deadline:  25 November 2024  NEW: 4 December 2024   Notification of acceptance:  13 December 2024  Abstract deadline:  7 April 2025  Tutorial materials:  2 June 2025  Tutorial date:  23 or 24 June 2025   The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites proposals for tutorials to be held in The European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT) invites proposals for tutorials to be held in conjunction with the MT Summit 2025 conference, taking place in Geneva, Switzerland. The tutorials will take place before the main conference, on 23 and 24 June 2025.  
 We seek proposals in all areas of machine translation, LLMs applied to translation, computer-assisted translation technologies, spoken language translation and related topics.  
 The aim of a tutorial is primarily to help the audience to develop understanding of specific technical applied, and business matters related to research, development, and use of MT and translation technology.  
 Presentations of specific technological solutions or systems are welcome, provided that they serve as illustrations of broader scientific considerations.  
 We recommend that the tutorial covers work by the presenters as well as by other researchers. The submission should explain that this breadth is ensured. Tutorials should not be “self-invited talks”.  
 Tutorials are generally scheduled as half-day events (up to 3.5 hours, including coffee break).  
 Submission Information   
 Proposals should not exceed 4 pages of content (plus unlimited pages for references), should be in PDF format, and should contain the following:  
 The title of the tutorial 
  Authors' names, affiliations and contact information 
  A brief description of the tutorial content and its relevance to the machine translation community 
  Short description of the target audience and any expected prerequisite background the audience should be aware of 
  An outline of the tutorial structure content and how it will be covered in a 3.5-hour slot (half-day). If you request a full-day slot it must be clearly motivated. 
  Diversity considerations, e.g. use of multilingual data, indications of how the described methods scale up to various languages or domains, participation of both senior and junior instructors, plans for how to diversify audience participation, etc. 
  Reading list. Work that you expect the audience to read before the tutorial can be indicated by an asterisk. The list should contain work by various authors (not just the tutorial organisers). Work from other disciplines is welcome if relevant. 
  For each tutorial presenter, a short description of their research interests and areas of expertise for the tutorial topic, as well as experience in instructing an international audience. 
  An estimate of the number of attendees. If this tutorial (or similar) has been given before, include information on previous edition (location, number of attendees, etc) 
  A description of special requirements for technical equipment. 
  Proposals should be submitted as PDF files to the EasyChair MT Summit 2025 page  (submission type: MT Summit 2025 Tutorials).  
 Submissions should be formatted according to the templates specified below  . Anonymisation is not required. Submissions should be no longer than 4 pages (excluding references). If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at mtsummit2025@unige.ch with the subject “Tutorial proposal”.  

 Evaluation Criteria   
 Each tutorial proposal will be evaluated according to its clarity and preparedness novelty or timely character of the topic, as well as instructors’ experience.  

 Tutorial Instructor Responsibilities   
 Accepted tutorial presenters will be notified by Friday, 13 December 2024. They must then provide abstracts of their tutorials for inclusion in the conference registration material by the specific conference deadlines. The description should be in two formats: (a) an ASCII version that can be included in email announcements and published on the conference website, and (b) a PDF version for inclusion in the electronic proceedings (detailed instructions will be provided). Tutorial speakers must provide tutorial materials by Monday, 2 June 2025. The final submitted tutorial materials must include copies of the course slides and a bibliography for the material covered in the tutorial.  
 For every accepted tutorial, we offer free registration to the main conference for one tutorial presenter  .  

 Track chairs:  Sheila Castilho (Dublin City University, Ireland) and François Yvon (Sorbonne Université, France)  

 Templates  
 Use one of the templates below to prepare your submission: LaTeX 
  Cloneable Overleaf template 
  Word 
  PDF 

   MT Summit 2025     mtsummit2025@unige.ch     MTSummit2025     
  
  Important dates data: 
undefined

20. Conference EATIS_0:
EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems - Home         
 Home 
  Third Countries Support 
  Who is EATIS.org? 
  EATIS.org Members 
  Contact Us 

 Publications  
  
 ACM Digital Library 
 In-Technical Cooperation 
 Int Journals Partners 
 Conferences Statistics 

 Main Menu  
  
 Home 
 Who is EATIS.org? 
 EATIS.org Members 
 What does EATIS.org? 
 Third Countries Support 
 Youth Vision 
 Contact Us 

 Members Area  
  
 Domain Administrator 
 WebMail 

 Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | Home | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Conferences Websites  
  
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 

 Fellow Partners  
  
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde | EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) | EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) | EATIS 2018, Brazil | EATIS 2016, Colombia | EATIS 2014, Chile | EATIS 2012, Spain | EATIS 2010, Panama | EATIS 2009, Czech Republic | EATIS 2008, Brazil | EATIS 2007, Portugal | EATIS 2006, Colombia | Networks | Communities | Observatories | Consortiuns 
 Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | ACM Digital Library | In-Technical Cooperation | Int Journals Partners | Conferences Statistics | Home | Who is EATIS.org? | EATIS.org Members | What does EATIS.org? | Third Countries Support | Youth Vision | Contact Us | Domain Administrator | WebMail | Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | Home | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Conferences Websites  
  
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 

 Fellow Partners  
  
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde | EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) | EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) | EATIS 2018, Brazil | EATIS 2016, Colombia | EATIS 2014, Chile | EATIS 2012, Spain | EATIS 2010, Panama | EATIS 2009, Czech Republic | EATIS 2008, Brazil | EATIS 2007, Portugal | EATIS 2006, Colombia | Networks | Communities | Observatories | Consortiuns 
 ACM Digital Library 
 In-Technical Cooperation 
 Int Journals Partners 
 Conferences Statistics 
 Home 
 Who is EATIS.org? 
 EATIS.org Members 
 What does EATIS.org? 
 Third Countries Support 
 Youth Vision 
 Contact Us 
 Domain Administrator 
 WebMail 
 Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | Home | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Conferences Websites  
  
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 

 Fellow Partners  
  
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde | EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) | EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) | EATIS 2018, Brazil | EATIS 2016, Colombia | EATIS 2014, Chile | EATIS 2012, Spain | EATIS 2010, Panama | EATIS 2009, Czech Republic | EATIS 2008, Brazil | EATIS 2007, Portugal | EATIS 2006, Colombia | Networks | Communities | Observatories | Consortiuns 
 Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns 

 © 2020 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems   
 Joomla!  is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License.   
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

21. Conference EATIS_1:
Home 
  Third Countries Support 
  Who is EATIS.org? 
  EATIS.org Members 
  Contact Us 

 Publications  
  
 ACM Digital Library 
 In-Technical Cooperation 
 Int Journals Partners 
 Conferences Statistics 

 Main Menu  
  
 Home 
 Who is EATIS.org? 
 EATIS.org Members 
 What does EATIS.org? 
 Third Countries Support 
 Youth Vision 
 Contact Us 

 Members Area  
  
 Domain Administrator 
 WebMail 

 Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | Home | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Conferences Websites  
  
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 

 Fellow Partners  
  
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde | EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) | EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) | EATIS 2018, Brazil | EATIS 2016, Colombia | EATIS 2014, Chile | EATIS 2012, Spain | EATIS 2010, Panama | EATIS 2009, Czech Republic | EATIS 2008, Brazil | EATIS 2007, Portugal | EATIS 2006, Colombia | Networks | Communities | Observatories | Consortiuns 
 Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | ACM Digital Library | In-Technical Cooperation | Int Journals Partners | Conferences Statistics | Home | Who is EATIS.org? | EATIS.org Members | What does EATIS.org? | Third Countries Support | Youth Vision | Contact Us | Domain Administrator | WebMail | Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | Home | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Conferences Websites  
  
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 

 Fellow Partners  
  
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde | EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) | EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) | EATIS 2018, Brazil | EATIS 2016, Colombia | EATIS 2014, Chile | EATIS 2012, Spain | EATIS 2010, Panama | EATIS 2009, Czech Republic | EATIS 2008, Brazil | EATIS 2007, Portugal | EATIS 2006, Colombia | Networks | Communities | Observatories | Consortiuns 
 ACM Digital Library 
 In-Technical Cooperation 
 Int Journals Partners 
 Conferences Statistics 
 Home 
 Who is EATIS.org? 
 EATIS.org Members 
 What does EATIS.org? 
 Third Countries Support 
 Youth Vision 
 Contact Us 
 Domain Administrator 
 WebMail 
 Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | Home | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Conferences Websites  
  
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 

 Fellow Partners  
  
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde | EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) | EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) | EATIS 2018, Brazil | EATIS 2016, Colombia | EATIS 2014, Chile | EATIS 2012, Spain | EATIS 2010, Panama | EATIS 2009, Czech Republic | EATIS 2008, Brazil | EATIS 2007, Portugal | EATIS 2006, Colombia | Networks | Communities | Observatories | Consortiuns 
 Newsflash  
  
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 | CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 CALL FOR PAPERS   
  EATIS 2024  : 12th Euro American Conference on Telematics and Information Systems   
  Praia (Cabo Verde), 3rd ~ 5th July 2024   
  Papers Submission Deadline — 27th January 2024 
 Home 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 

 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS | Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 

 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 

 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 

  content on this site   is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence | EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents | See EATIS.org PROFILE: | QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities  . In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups.  
 EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents 
 See EATIS.org PROFILE: 
 QUALITY REFERENCES   
 Initial Register 
   
  Published Proceedings: 
  ACM 
  IEEE 
   
  Other Publications: 
   
  IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine JCR Q2: | Special Issue on ITS Services to Smart-city Context (DOI) 
   
  Indexed by: 
  DBLP 
  CORE Conferences (rank C) 
  QUALIS 
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns 

 © 2022 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems   
 Joomla!  is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License.   
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

22. Conference EATIS_2:
EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems - EATIS.org Members           
 Home 
  Third Countries Support 
  Who is EATIS.org? 
  EATIS.org Members 
  Contact Us 

 Publications  
  
 ACM Digital Library 
 In-Technical Cooperation 
 Int Journals Partners 
 Conferences Statistics 

 Main Menu  
  
 Home 
 Who is EATIS.org? 
 EATIS.org Members 
 What does EATIS.org? 
 Third Countries Support 
 Youth Vision 
 Contact Us 

 Members Area  
  
 Domain Administrator 
 WebMail 

 Newsflash  
  
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 Home   EATIS.org Members 
 EATIS.org Members |  

 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
  
  [ Back ] | EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
 EATIS.org Members |  
 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil | Newsflash  
  
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | Home   EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Members |  

 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
  
  [ Back ] | EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil | Conferences Websites  
  
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 

 Fellow Partners  
  
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde | EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) | EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) | EATIS 2018, Brazil | EATIS 2016, Colombia | EATIS 2014, Chile | EATIS 2012, Spain | EATIS 2010, Panama | EATIS 2009, Czech Republic | EATIS 2008, Brazil | EATIS 2007, Portugal | EATIS 2006, Colombia | Networks | Communities | Observatories | Consortiuns 
 Newsflash  
  
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 Home   EATIS.org Members 
 EATIS.org Members |  

 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
  
  [ Back ] | EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
 EATIS.org Members |  
 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | ACM Digital Library | In-Technical Cooperation | Int Journals Partners | Conferences Statistics | Home | Who is EATIS.org? | EATIS.org Members | What does EATIS.org? | Third Countries Support | Youth Vision | Contact Us | Domain Administrator | WebMail | Newsflash  
  
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 Home   EATIS.org Members 
 EATIS.org Members |  

 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
  
  [ Back ] | EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
 EATIS.org Members |  
 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil | Newsflash  
  
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | Home   EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Members |  

 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
  
  [ Back ] | EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil | Conferences Websites  
  
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 

 Fellow Partners  
  
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde | EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) | EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) | EATIS 2018, Brazil | EATIS 2016, Colombia | EATIS 2014, Chile | EATIS 2012, Spain | EATIS 2010, Panama | EATIS 2009, Czech Republic | EATIS 2008, Brazil | EATIS 2007, Portugal | EATIS 2006, Colombia | Networks | Communities | Observatories | Consortiuns 
 ACM Digital Library 
 In-Technical Cooperation 
 Int Journals Partners 
 Conferences Statistics 
 Home 
 Who is EATIS.org? 
 EATIS.org Members 
 What does EATIS.org? 
 Third Countries Support 
 Youth Vision 
 Contact Us 
 Domain Administrator 
 WebMail 
 Newsflash  
  
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 Home   EATIS.org Members 
 EATIS.org Members |  

 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
  
  [ Back ] | EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
 EATIS.org Members |  
 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil | Newsflash  
  
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | Home   EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Members |  

 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
  
  [ Back ] | EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil | Conferences Websites  
  
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 

 Fellow Partners  
  
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns | EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde | EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) | EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) | EATIS 2018, Brazil | EATIS 2016, Colombia | EATIS 2014, Chile | EATIS 2012, Spain | EATIS 2010, Panama | EATIS 2009, Czech Republic | EATIS 2008, Brazil | EATIS 2007, Portugal | EATIS 2006, Colombia | Networks | Communities | Observatories | Consortiuns 
 Newsflash  
  
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies | EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 EATIS.org  aims, but are not limited to, the production of scientific work around e|m-Inclusion, e|m-Government, e|m-Health, e|m-Learning, e|m-Culture and e|m-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Web Semantic, and Web 2.0 communities, contents and technologies 
 Home   EATIS.org Members 
 EATIS.org Members |  

 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
  
  [ Back ] | EATIS.org Members | EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
 EATIS.org Members |  
 EATIS.org Steering Committee   
 Dra. Angélica Félix de Castro, Federal Rural University of the Semi-Arid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Amine Berqia, University of Algarve (UALG), Portugal 
  Dr. Carlos Ferraz, Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE), Brazil 
  Dr. Eduardo Carrillo, Autonomous University of Bucaramanga (UNAB), Colombia 
  Dr. Emanuel Ferreira Coutinho, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dr. Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Rural Federal University of the Semiarid (UFERSA), Brazil 
  Dr. Gabriel Antoine Louis Paillard, Federal University of Ceará (UFC), Brazil 
  Dra. Gisela T. de Clunie, Technological University of Panama (UTP), Panama 
  Dr. Ismail Khalil Ibrahim. Johannes Kepler University (JKU), Austria 
  Dr. J. Javier Samper Zapater, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Vice-President | ) 
  Dr. Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dr. Joaquim Manuel Sousa Pinto, University of Aveiro (UA), Portugal 
  Dra. Leila Maciel, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil 
  Dr. Luis Felipe Herrera-Quintero, Universidad Piloto (UPC), Colombia 
  Dr. Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University (CVUT), Czech Republic 
  Dr. Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), Brazil ( | President | ) 
  Dr. Santiago Felici-Castell, University of Valencia (UVEG), Spain ( | Scientific Director | ) 
   
 Basis of the EATIS.org Scientific Committee   
 • Alanio Ferreira de Lima, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Alex Sandro Gomes, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Angélica Félix de Castro, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Arnulfo Alanis Garza, Instituto Tecnologico de Tijuana, Mexico  
  • Carla Bezerra, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Carlos Ferraz, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Célio Gonçalo Marques, Instituto Politécnico de Tomar, Portugal  
  • Christian Trefftz, Grand Valley State University, United States of America  
  • Clemilson Costa Dos Santos, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Costin Pribeanu, Academy of Romanian Scientists, Romania  
  • Daniel Dantas, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Davi Viana, Universidade Federal do Maranhão, Brazil  
  • David Andrade, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Dolores Mª Llidó Escrivá, Universidad Jaume I - UJI, Spain  
  • Dorian Gorgan, Technical University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania  
  • Eduardo Carrillo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Eduardo Souto, Universidade Federal do Amazonas, Brazil  
  • Edward David Moreno, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Emanuel Coutinho, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Enrique Alejandro Chirivella-Pérez, University West of Scotland, United Kingdom  
  • Francisco García-Sánchez, Universidad de Murcia, Spain  
  • Francisco Milton Mendes Neto, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Frederico Lopes, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil  
  • Gabriel Paillard, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gerson Vieira Albuquerque Neto, Instituto Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Gilton Jose Ferreira Da Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Gisela T. de Clunie, Universidad Tecnológica de Panamá, Panamá  
  • Henrique Gil, Instituto Politecnico De Castelo Branco, Portugal  
  • Hugo Vecino, UNED, Spain  
  • Ines Meriño Fuentes, Universidad de Magdalena, Colombia  
  • Italo Santos, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil  
  • Jaume Segura Garcia, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • José Javier Samper Zapater, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Sevilla, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Javier Gutierrez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • João Lima, Universidade do Algarve, Portugal  
  • Joao Marcelo Uchoa De Alencar, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Joaquim Pinto, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • Joaquim Arnaldo Martins, Universidade de Aveiro, Portugal  
  • José González Enríquez, Universidad de Sevilla, Spain  
  • José Antonio Pow-Sang, Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú, Perú  
  • José Gilvan Rodrigues Maia, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Julian Santoyo, Universidad Autónoma de Bucaramanga, Colombia  
  • Juliana Regueira Diniz, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Katia Silva, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Laurence T. Yang, St Francis Xavier University, Canada  
  • Leila Silva, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Mara Bonates, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Marcos Dósea, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Maximo Cobos, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Michel Soares, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Milos Maryska, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Miroslav Svitek, Czech Technical University in Prague, Czech Republic  
  • Natália Franco, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nelson Rosa, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Nikola Židková, University of Economics, Czech Republic  
  • Oscar Franco-Bedoya, Universidad de Caldas, Colombia  
  • Oscar Cabrera, Universidad Autónoma de Guerrero, Mexico  
  • Paulo A. L. Rego, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Paulo Gabriel Gadelha Queiroz, Universidade Federal Rural do Semi-Árido, Brazil  
  • Paulyne Jucá, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Rafael Carmo, Universidade Estadual do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Robson Fidalgo, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Rodrigo Santos, UNIRIO, Brazil  
  • Rogério Patrício Chagas do Nascimento, Universidade Federal de Sergipe, Brazil  
  • Santiago Felici-Castell, Universitat de València, Spain  
  • Sônia França, Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco, Brazil  
  • Teresa Magal-Royo, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain  
  • Vera Werneck, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
  • Wendley Silva, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil  
  • Wieland Schwinger, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria  
  • Windson Viana, Universidade Federal do Ceará, Brazil 
 EATIS 2024, Cabo Verde 
 EATIS 2022, Portugal (hybrid) 
 EATIS 2020, Portugal (online) 
 EATIS 2018, Brazil 
 EATIS 2016, Colombia 
 EATIS 2014, Chile 
 EATIS 2012, Spain 
 EATIS 2010, Panama 
 EATIS 2009, Czech Republic 
 EATIS 2008, Brazil 
 EATIS 2007, Portugal 
 EATIS 2006, Colombia 
 Networks 
 Communities 
 Observatories 
 Consortiuns 

 © 2020 EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems   
 Joomla!  is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License.   
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

23. Conference EATIS_3:
Toggle navigation      
 Home 
  About 
  Contact 

 Coming Soon  
 7   
 7   
  2   
 2   
  9   
 9   
   Days    

 2   
 2   
  3   
 3   
   Hours    

 4   
 4   
  9   
 9   
   Minutes    

 3   
 3   
  0   
 1   
   Seconds    

 Time Until Launch   

 EATIS 2018 on Canoa Quebrada   
 You are invited  
 EATIS 2016 is focused on the communities, contents and technologies belonging to smart cities, for instance: e-Inclusion, e-Government, e-Health, e-Learning, e-Culture, e-Transport (Intelligent Transportation Systems - ITS) and e-Entertainment (local, regional, national and international), Internet of Things, Big Data, Web Semantic, and Web 2.0. In particular, EATIS 2016 encourages the use of Information System (IS), Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) and Telematics Systems, making it easier for citizens to access government and public services at various levels, without any adverse impact on ethic aspects. EATIS.org - Euro American Association on Telematics and Information Systems permanent institutional goal is to actively promote academic collaboration between European and American continents universities. In this way, provide state-of-the-art discussions that can motivate key research directions to young researchers, local enterprises, and new R&D research groups. EATIS conferences are hosted consecutively in American and Europe continents: Colombia (2016), Colombia (2006), Portugal (2007), Brazil (2008), Czech Republic (2009), Panama (2010), Spain (2012) and Chile (2014). Apart of that, EATIS has a special component on ITS due to its role in the development of the countries, for that reason, papers that are in that target are welcome.  
  The beach  
 Day  

  Broadway street  
 Night  

  Local food  
 Delicious  

 Contact   
 Get in Touch  
 If you need some information, contact us.  

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

24. Conference EANN_1:
info@eannconf.org 
  Facebook 
  Linkedin 

    Toggle Navigation     
   
 2024 Event 
  Conference | Important Dates 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Paper Submission 
  Bibliometric Details 
  Previous EANN Events 
  Live Event | Program 
  Paper List 
  Instructions and Support 
  Proceedings 
  Special Issues 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Calls for workshops / Special Sessions Proposals 
  Venue | Place 
  Room Reservation 
  Travel 
  About Corfu 
  Registration 

 The EANN series is scheduled to be gradually renamed as:  
  EAAAI (Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence).  

 EANN / EAAAI 2024   
   
 25th International Conference on Engineering Applications of Neural Networks  
   Ionian University, Corfu, Greece  
  Hybrid @ Corfu - Greece & Web  
  27 – 30 June, 2024   

 Submission deadline in   

 Important Dates    

 Paper Submission​    

 Committees    

 Special Issues​    

  kr1-1024x640-1.jpg   

 kr3.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 kr4-1.jpg   

 EAAAI (ex EANN) 2025  

 EAAAI (ex EANN) 2025 event has been announced. 26-29 June 2025, Limassol, Cyprus.  
  Click HERE  to visit EAAAI (ex EANN) 2025 site  

 AIAI 2023 Info Pack     
 Dear participants,  
 Please see bellow a short info pack of AIAI 2023 event.  

 Info Pack      

 Conference Interactive Program     
 Dear colleagues,  
 The interactive program of 24th EANN / EAAAI 2023 has been published and can be found under the “Live Event” menu on the home page of 2023 event:  
 https://eannconf.org/2023/program   
 All “ Join room  ” links are embedded to the program and can be seen by just clinking at each session  
 Please note that all times at the program are in CEST (Central European Summer Time) Zone which is the time zone of León, Spain.   
 Under the same menu option you can find a full list of conference papers together with their abstracts.  
 Finally, a separate option with Webex platform instructions, together with support and contact details can be found at the same menu option.  

 Detailed event program, Links and conference setup     
 Dear colleagues,  
 Interactive detailed event program can be found under the “Live Event / Program” menu of the 2024 home page.  
 https://eannconf.org/2024/program/   
 Interactive program includes the links to conference rooms, social events information, links to papers abstract etc.  
 Please note that Instructions on the remote setup of the conference and on how to join Registration, Demo & Support Room  can be found HERE.    
 While Simple instructions on the user features of WebEx Events Configuration for EANN (EAAAI) / AIAI rooms  can be found HERE.    

 Conference Brief Program     
 Dear Colleagues,  
 The brief program of 25th EANN (EAAAI) 2024 has been published and can be found under the “Live Event” menu on the home page of 2024 event:   
 https://eannconf.org/2024/program/    
 Please note that all times at the program are in EEST (Eastern European Summer Time) Zone  which is the time zone of Athens, Greece.    

 Special Lufthansa Group Airlines Fares     
 Dear colleagues,   
 The Lufthansa Group  has agreed to sponsor our conference and will be offering discounts for flights to Corfu Airport.   
 More info can be found at the Travel  tab.  

 Acceptance Notification Delivery    
 Dear colleagues   
 Acceptance / Rejection Notifications for 25 th  International Conference on Engineering Applications of Neural Networks (Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence) have been delivered.   
 If you didn’t receive the notification for your paper, please check spam folder and/or contact EANN / EAAAI local organizing committee at anpsatha@civil.duth.gr    

 Workshops   

 VAA-CP-EB      

 ADUD      

 DAAI      

 AI & ETHICS      

 AIPM      

 New Regulations for Paper Submission  
 Dear Colleagues,  
 On behalf of the EANN / EAAAI Steering Committee, we are happy to announce that the default length of the standard paper submission has been now increased to 14 PAGES  .  
 More info can be found at the Paper Submission  and Call for Papers  tabs.  

 Update to the EANN / EAAAI Community from the organisers  
 Dear Colleagues,  
 EANN a Quarter of a Century Event!  
 The 25 th  EANN 2024 (Engineering Applications of Neural Networks) is gradually changing in order to adjust to the 21 st  century demands. It has been renamed as the 25 th  EAAAI 2024 ( Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence  ) in order to cover a wider spectrum of AI research areas and domains. On behalf of the EAAAI organizing and Scientific Committee, it is a real honor and pleasure to welcome all Artificial Intelligence scholars who are looking for a well-established and prestigious forum to communicate and disseminate the innovative advances of their research. It is a fact that AI is continuously digging its way in a vast number of diverse scientific domains. EAAAI (ex EANN) aims to provide a forum for all scientists from both academia and industry who wish to share pioneer ideas, to get to know each other better and to present their research. Moreover, it aims to offer a deep glimpse into the future and to examine important AI ethical aspects.  
 The conference accepts papers from the whole AI spectrum and from every application scientific domain   .  
 The EAAAI ex EANN conference has been held continuously since 1995, under the auspices of the INNS EANN Special Interest Group  . Through the years, it has evolved to a well-respected and mature event, under the technical and scientific co-sponsorship of the INNS community. This community comprises of an extended Group of leading scientists, not only from Europe but from all over the globe  …[read more]   

 Further information  

 Prof. Lazaros Iliadis  
 Democritus University of Thrace  
 Email: liliadis@civil.duth.gr   

 Local arrangements  

 Easy Conferences  
 Tel: (+357) 22 591 900  
 Fax: (+357) 22 591 700  
 Email: info@easyconferences.eu   

 Organized by  

 In cooperation with  

 Sponsored by  

 All rights reserved |   25th INNS  EANN / EAAAI organizing committee  

    Skip to content  Open toolbar  Accessibility Tools         
 Accessibility Tools  
 Increase Text     Increase Text 
  Decrease Text     Decrease Text 
  Grayscale     Grayscale 
  High Contrast     High Contrast 
  Negative Contrast     Negative Contrast 
  Light Background     Light Background 
  Links Underline     Links Underline 
  Readable Font     Readable Font 
  Reset     Reset 

  
Call for papers data: 
  
 info@eannconf.org 
  Facebook 
  Linkedin 

    Toggle Navigation     
   
 2024 Event 
  Conference | Important Dates 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Paper Submission 
  Bibliometric Details 
  Previous EANN Events 
  Live Event | Program 
  Paper List 
  Instructions and Support 
  Proceedings 
  Special Issues 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Calls for workshops / Special Sessions Proposals 
  Venue | Place 
  Room Reservation 
  Travel 
  About Corfu 
  Registration 

 Best Paper Awards  

 Best Paper Awards  

 TBA  

 Further information  

 Prof. Lazaros Iliadis  
 Democritus University of Thrace  
 Email: liliadis@civil.duth.gr   

 Local arrangements  

 Easy Conferences  
 Tel: (+357) 22 591 900  
 Fax: (+357) 22 591 700  
 Email: info@easyconferences.eu   

 Organized by  

 In cooperation with  

 Sponsored by  

 All rights reserved |   25th INNS  EANN / EAAAI organizing committee  

   Skip to content  Open toolbar  Accessibility Tools         
 Accessibility Tools  
 Increase Text     Increase Text 
  Decrease Text     Decrease Text 
  Grayscale     Grayscale 
  High Contrast     High Contrast 
  Negative Contrast     Negative Contrast 
  Light Background     Light Background 
  Links Underline     Links Underline 
  Readable Font     Readable Font 
  Reset     Reset 

  Important dates data: 
  
 info@eannconf.org 
  Facebook 
  Linkedin 

    Toggle Navigation     
   
 2024 Event 
  Conference | Important Dates 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Committees 
  Workshops 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Paper Submission 
  Bibliometric Details 
  Previous EANN Events 
  Live Event | Program 
  Paper List 
  Instructions and Support 
  Proceedings 
  Special Issues 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Calls for workshops / Special Sessions Proposals 
  Venue | Place 
  Room Reservation 
  Travel 
  About Corfu 
  Registration 

 Important Dates  

 Important Dates  

 Deadline for Workshops/Special Sessions Proposals | 13th of January, 2024 
 Paper Submission Deadline | 29th of February, 2024  10th of March, 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance/Rejection | 24th of March, 2024  29th of March, 2024 
 Camera Ready Submission/Registration | 20th of April, 2024 
 Early / Author registration by | 20th of April, 2024 
 Conference Dates | 27-30 of June, 2024 

 Further information  

 Prof. Lazaros Iliadis  
 Democritus University of Thrace  
 Email: liliadis@civil.duth.gr   

 Local arrangements  

 Easy Conferences  
 Tel: (+357) 22 591 900  
 Fax: (+357) 22 591 700  
 Email: info@easyconferences.eu   

 Organized by  

 In cooperation with  

 Sponsored by  

 All rights reserved |   25th INNS  EANN / EAAAI organizing committee  

   Skip to content  Open toolbar  Accessibility Tools         
 Accessibility Tools  
 Increase Text     Increase Text 
  Decrease Text     Decrease Text 
  Grayscale     Grayscale 
  High Contrast     High Contrast 
  Negative Contrast     Negative Contrast 
  Light Background     Light Background 
  Links Underline     Links Underline 
  Readable Font     Readable Font 
  Reset     Reset

25. Conference EC_0:
Menu       
   
 Close       
 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 The Twenty-Sixth ACM Conference on Economics and Computation (EC'25) will take place at Stanford University, Stanford, CA between July 07-12, 2025.  
 The conference is supported locally by the Department of Economics  , the Department of Management Science & Engineering  and the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research (SIEPR)   

 Key Dates  
 Monday, February 3, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE)  
 Abstract submission deadline  
 Monday, February 10, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE)  
 Paper submission deadline  
 Thursday, March 27, 2025  
 First round decisions sent to authors  
 Tuesday, April 22, 2025  
 Second round reviews sent to authors and rebuttal period begins  
 Friday, April 25, 2025 (11:59pm AoE)  
 Authors response due  
 Saturday, May 17, 2025  
 Paper accept/reject notifications  
 July 07 - 12, 2025  
 Conference Technical Program  

 Copyright © 2024 EC 2025. All rights reserved.  SIGecom    

   
Call for papers data: 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

 Menu       
   
 Close       
 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 Call for Contributions    

 Papers  
  
 TL;DR for Seasoned Authors  
 Authors must submit abstracts by February 3 and full papers by February 10. 
  Papers submitted to EC’25 must select one of four methodological tracks and several content areas. The list of tracks and content areas can be found below. 
  EC’25 is continuing the forward-to-journal option as in previous years. 
  EC’25 is currently planned as a primarily in-person event. 
   
 Policy for Accepted Papers  
 At least one author  of each accepted paper must attend and present the paper. We are willing to make exceptions in rare cases such as severe illness, visa denial, or a death in the family. If no author(s) will be able to attend, please write back to us (the General Chair, PC Chairs, and Virtual Chair) and explain the reason(s) for your absence. In approved instances, the authors will have the opportunity to present their work in the online preview week, either live or self-recorded. The presentation time will be as in the conference 18 minutes.  
 Background  
 Since 1999, the ACM Special Interest Group on Economics and Computation (SIGecom) has sponsored the leading scientific conference on advances in theory, empirics, and applications at the interface of economics and computation. The 26th ACM Conference on Economics and Computation (EC’25) will feature invited speakers, a technical program of submitted paper presentations, workshops, and posters. EC’25 is currently planned as a primarily in-person event, taking place from July 7 through July 12, 2025 at Stanford University  .  
  We solicit paper submissions for presentation in the technical program.  
  
 Timetable for Authors  
 Monday, February 3, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE): Abstract submission deadline. 
  Monday, February 10, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE): Paper submission deadline. 
  Thursday, March 27, 2025: First-round decisions sent to authors. 
  Tuesday, April 22, 2025: Second-round reviews sent to authors for feedback. 
  Friday, April 25, 2025 (11:59pm AoE): Author responses due. 
  Saturday May 17, 2025: Paper accept/reject notifications. 
  TBA (11:59pm AoE): Camera-ready versions of accepted papers due. 
  July 7-12, 2025: Conference technical program. 
   
 Submission Instructions  
 Submit a Paper   
 Identifiers.  Authors must submit abstracts by February 3 and full papers by February 10. The submission server will open mid-January.  
 Format.  The body of the submission (excluding the title page and the bibliography) may be up to 18 pages long. The title page should only contain the title, submission number, and the abstract. In addition, an appendix of arbitrary length may be included at the end of the paper only for the review process (i.e., an appendix will not appear if the paper is published). This appendix will be read at the discretion of the reviewers. To add the submission number to the title page, one must first submit a paper without a number, see what number was assigned, and then revise the submission to include this number. The body of the submission should contain a clear presentation of the contributions of the paper, including a discussion of prior work and an outline of the key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims. The submission as a whole should include all of the ideas necessary for an expert to fully verify the central claims in the paper. Submitted papers will be evaluated on significance of the contribution, originality, relation to prior research, technical quality, and exposition.  
 LaTex style files.  Authors will be required to format their submissions using the EC’25 LaTex style files   , which uses a single-column format with 10-point font. Papers that do not use the EC’25 LaTex style files or violate the page limit may be rejected without review.  
 Tracks.  Each submission must select one of four tracks that differ along methodological dimensions. The reviewing process of each track will be overseen by the corresponding Track Chair(s), who are primarily responsible for ensuring that consistent reviewing standards are applied to all papers in the same track. Authors should consider the description of the tracks to select which track best captures the research community according to whose standards their paper should be evaluated. Authors from any research community are welcome to submit to any of the tracks. EC’25 will use the following four tracks:  
 Theory: | Typical papers in this track make progress on existing theoretical problems, propose new ones, or introduce significant new techniques that could be applied more broadly. | Track chairs: Nima Haghpanah, Annie Liang,  Ruta Mehta, Mallesh Pai, Grant Schoenebeck | . 
  Applied Modeling: | Typical papers in this track propose and analyze novel models that capture real-world phenomena or provide fresh perspectives on previously studied applied problems. | Track chairs: Nick Arnosti, Eduardo Azevedo, Sigal Oren | . 
  Empirics: | Typical papers in this track draw significant insights from real or synthetic data, through access to new data sources or experiments, or through novel analysis of existing data sources or experiments. | Track chairs: Chiara Farronato, Denis Nekipelov | . 
  AI: | Typical papers in this track apply the methods and models of artificial intelligence, including both theoretical and computational approaches, to topics at the intersection of economics and computing. | Track chairs: Annie Liang, Grant Schoenebeck, Nisarg Shah | . 
  Areas.  Each submission must select at least one content area from the list provided below. Note that the areas are partially overlapping; if in doubt, authors are advised to select those area(s) that best fit their paper. Content areas will be used to match papers with a member of the Senior Program Committee (SPC) who is assigned to at least one of the paper’s areas. SPCs are responsible for shepherding papers through the review process and for making accept/reject recommendations to the Track and Program Chairs.  
 Agent-based modeling 
  Algorithmic fairness and data privacy 
  Auctions and pricing 
  Behavioral economics and bounded rationality 
  Blockchain and cryptocurrencies 
  Contract design 
  Crowdsourcing and information elicitation 
  Decision theory 
  Econometrics 
  Economic aspects of learning algorithms 
  Economic aspects of neural networks and large language models 
  Equilibrium analysis, including price of anarchy 
  Equilibrium computation and complexity 
  Fair division 
  Industrial organization 
  Information design 
  Laboratory and field experiments 
  Market design & matching markets 
  Market equilibria 
  Mechanism design 
  Online algorithms 
  Online platforms and applications 
  Social good and ethics 
  Social choice & voting theory 
  Social networks and social learning 
  Alternative venues.  In addition, we will ask the authors to specify alternative venues to which they would consider submitting the paper. We understand that different communities have different ways of highlighting the contribution and will use this information to match papers to reviewers familiar with the appropriate context.  
 Review process.  Each paper will be reviewed in detail by at least two referees.  
  There will be two stages of review, with some decisions announced on March 27 after first-round reviews, and the remaining decisions announced on May 17 after a second round of reviews. Between April 22-25, authors of papers undergoing second-round reviewing will be able to submit responses to the reviews, which will be taken into account by the review team.  
  The review process is double blind. Authors must take measures to ensure that their identity is not easily revealed from the submission itself. Authors should refer to their prior work in a neutral manner (i.e., instead of saying “We showed” say “XYZ et al. showed”).  
 Submission of code and data.  In the interest of reproducibility, authors are strongly encouraged to submit their code and data, if any. Such material should be archived as a single zip file and submitted as supplementary material.  
 One-page extended abstract option.  To accommodate the publishing traditions of different fields, authors of accepted papers can ask that only a one-page abstract of the paper appear in the proceedings, along with a URL pointing to the full paper. Authors should guarantee the link to be reliable for at least two years. This option is available to accommodate subsequent publication in journals that would not consider results that have been published in preliminary form in conference proceedings. Such papers must be submitted electronically and formatted just like papers submitted for full-text publication.  
 Submission of publicly available work (e.g., papers on arXiv).  (e.g., papers on arXiv). It is acceptable to submit work that has been presented in public (provided there are no published proceedings) or has been uploaded to arXiv or similar online archives, provided the submission itself is anonymized.  
 Simultaneous submissions to journals.  As in prior years, it is acceptable to simultaneously submit papers to EC’25 and to a journal, or to submit papers that are already under review at a journal, including papers that have already received a “revise and resubmit”, as long as the paper has not been accepted for publication prior to the EC submission deadline, and provided that the authors intend to publish the paper as a one-page abstract in EC. Papers that are accepted at EC’25 and appear as a one-page abstract can subsequently be submitted for publication in a journal but may not be submitted to any other archival conference (i.e., with published proceedings).  
 No other simultaneous submissions.  The following submissions are not allowed: (a) papers that are currently under review at another archival conference, (b) papers that have been accepted for publication in a journal or archival conference before the EC’25 submission deadline, (c) papers in which one or more of the contributions have previously been published or accepted for publication in a journal or archival conference.  
 Highlights beyond EC.  Papers that have already been published (or have been accepted for publication) in conferences or journals other than EC can be nominated (including self-nominations) for inclusion in a special plenary session at EC’25 called “Highlights beyond EC”, which is intended to highlight some of the best work in economics and computation that has appeared elsewhere. The corresponding call for nominations will be announced soon.  
 Forward to journal:  As in prior years, authors of accepted papers will have the option to select the forward-to-journal option to have the reviews forwarded to a journal of their choice. The decision to select or decline this option will take place when authors are submitting the camera-ready version of the paper (or one-page abstract) for the conference proceedings and additional instructions for authors will be provided at that time. Our partner journals are:  
 ACM Transactions on Economics and Computatio | n 
  American Economic Journal: Microeconomics 
  Algorithmica 
  Econometrica | Notes: | A submission would require the standard submission fee. Authors should clearly state in the cover letter that the paper is a forward to journal from EC 25. This would allow editors to get access to the reviews. In addition, | authors should submit the paper together with a short revision plan, instead of the detailed response letter that is submitted to reviewers in a revision. The Editor in charge could then use any subset of the EC reviewers he/she would find useful. The short “revision plan” is intended to prevent authors from spending significant time responding to comments and then having the paper dismissed if the Editor in charge doesn’t think there’s a path forward. 
  Games and Economic Behavior 
  International Economic Review 
  International Journal of Game Theory 
  Journal of Political Economy 
  Management Science | , Market Design, Platform, and Demand Analytics area 
  Marketing Science 
  Mathematics of Operations Research | , Game Theory area | Notes: The journal is open to considering forward-to-journals to other areas, if the authors believe a different area is a better fit. Please contact the Editor. 
  Operations Research | , Markets, Platforms, and Revenue Management area | Notes: Please read carefully the conference to journal submission policy. | https://pubsonline.informs.org/page/opre/conference-to-journal-submission-policy | When utilizing the forward-to-journal from EC to Operations Research, adding a response document discussing the reviewer comments and whether/how they have been addressed is recommended. 
  Quantitative Marketing and Economics 
  RAND Journal of Economics 
  Review of Economic Studies 
  Social Choice and Welfare 
  TheoretiCS 
  Theoretical Economics 
  We emphasize that the ultimate disposition of the paper is within the editorial discretion of each journal; in particular, there is no guarantee of acceptance if the forward-to-journal option is chosen. However, we do anticipate that this process should result in a faster decision from the journal.  
  
 Feature at INFORMS.  Authors of accepted papers can indicate if they wish to be considered for presenting their papers in special sessions at the 2025 INFORMS Annual Meeting, organized and sponsored by the INFORMS Auctions and Market Design (AMD) Section. To be considered for this fast-track selection process conducted by the AMD cluster chairs, authors will need to provide a short non-technical abstract (at most 500 characters) and indicate whether the intended presenter is an INFORMS job market candidate. The exact deadline to submit this information will be announced soon.  
 Conflict of interest.  Authors will have the opportunity to declare conflicts of interest (COIs) with Program Committee members. This must be done separately for each submission. Declaring COIs prevents the specified people from reviewing a paper, thereby constraining the matching process and so potentially negatively impacting review quality. For this reason, COIs should not be declared automatically based on a prior relationship. Instead, when declaring COIs, authors are asked to follow the ACM Conflict of Interest Policy  . Program Committee members can also declare a conflict of interest with authors as well as with specific papers.  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy  will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 Questions?  
 Contact the PC chairs at ecchairs2025@gmail.com   

 Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 

 Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 

 Copyright © 2024 EC 2025. All rights reserved.  SIGecom    

   Important dates data: 
undefined

26. Conference EANN_2:
Skip to content  Download our AI in Business | Global Trends Report 2023  and stay ahead of the curve!   

 Home 
  Company | About Us 
  Careers 
  Blog 
  News 
  Services | Artificial Intelligence & ML | AI Consulting 
  AI and Data Strategy 
  Process optimization with AI 
  AI Use Case Discovery & Identification 
  AI Software Development 
  AI Components development 
  AI Academy 
  R&D for AI 
  SOTA Research / Patents 
  Generative AI | Generative AI Development 
  AI Chatbot Development 
  LLM Development and Consulting 
  Geospatial AI | GeoAI 
  Solutions | Technology | Computer Vision 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Business Intelligence Solutions 
  Core Data Science and Machine Learning 
  Cutting Edge Artificial Intelligence 
  Industry | Insurance 
  Construction 
  Finance 
  Government 
  Internet and Tech Start-Ups 
  Media 
  Oil and Gas 
  Pharmaceuticals 
  Real Estate 
  Space 
  NGOs, NPOs and NCOs 
  Products | AiSuperiorGPT 
  Projects 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  Company | About Us 
  Careers 
  Blog 
  News 
  Services | Artificial Intelligence & ML | AI Consulting 
  AI and Data Strategy 
  Process optimization with AI 
  AI Use Case Discovery & Identification 
  AI Software Development 
  AI Components development 
  AI Academy 
  R&D for AI 
  SOTA Research / Patents 
  Generative AI | Generative AI Development 
  AI Chatbot Development 
  LLM Development and Consulting 
  Geospatial AI | GeoAI 
  Solutions | Technology | Computer Vision 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Business Intelligence Solutions 
  Core Data Science and Machine Learning 
  Cutting Edge Artificial Intelligence 
  Industry | Insurance 
  Construction 
  Finance 
  Government 
  Internet and Tech Start-Ups 
  Media 
  Oil and Gas 
  Pharmaceuticals 
  Real Estate 
  Space 
  NGOs, NPOs and NCOs 
  Products | AiSuperiorGPT 
  Projects 

 Contact Us      

 EN | DE 
   
 EN | DE 

 EN    
 EN  DE  AR  FR  NL  ES    

 Home 
  Company | About Us 
  Careers 
  Blog 
  News 
  Services | Artificial Intelligence & ML | AI Consulting 
  AI and Data Strategy 
  Process optimization with AI 
  AI Use Case Discovery & Identification 
  AI Software Development 
  AI Components development 
  AI Academy 
  R&D for AI 
  SOTA Research / Patents 
  Generative AI | Generative AI Development 
  AI Chatbot Development 
  LLM Development and Consulting 
  Geospatial AI | GeoAI 
  Solutions | Technology | Computer Vision 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Business Intelligence Solutions 
  Core Data Science and Machine Learning 
  Cutting Edge Artificial Intelligence 
  Industry | Insurance 
  Construction 
  Finance 
  Government 
  Internet and Tech Start-Ups 
  Media 
  Oil and Gas 
  Pharmaceuticals 
  Real Estate 
  Space 
  NGOs, NPOs and NCOs 
  Products | AiSuperiorGPT 
  Projects 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  Company | About Us 
  Careers 
  Blog 
  News 
  Services | Artificial Intelligence & ML | AI Consulting 
  AI and Data Strategy 
  Process optimization with AI 
  AI Use Case Discovery & Identification 
  AI Software Development 
  AI Components development 
  AI Academy 
  R&D for AI 
  SOTA Research / Patents 
  Generative AI | Generative AI Development 
  AI Chatbot Development 
  LLM Development and Consulting 
  Geospatial AI | GeoAI 
  Solutions | Technology | Computer Vision 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Business Intelligence Solutions 
  Core Data Science and Machine Learning 
  Cutting Edge Artificial Intelligence 
  Industry | Insurance 
  Construction 
  Finance 
  Government 
  Internet and Tech Start-Ups 
  Media 
  Oil and Gas 
  Pharmaceuticals 
  Real Estate 
  Space 
  NGOs, NPOs and NCOs 
  Products | AiSuperiorGPT 
  Projects 

 November 29, 2024 

 Top Neural Network Conferences to Attend in 2025  

 Free AI consulting session    
   
 Book Now (30 minutes)      

 Staying updated with the latest developments in neural networks and artificial intelligence is crucial for professionals and researchers in the field. Attending conferences provides valuable opportunities to learn from experts, present research, and network with peers. Here are some of the top neural network conferences scheduled for 2025:   

 1. European Symposium on Artificial Neural Networks, Computational Intelligence, and Machine Learning (ESANN 2025)   
 The 33rd European Symposium on Artificial Neural Networks, Computational Intelligence, and Machine Learning (ESANN 2025) will take place from April 23–25, 2025, in a hybrid format with both in-person sessions in Bruges, Belgium, and online participation. Known as one of the leading conferences in its field, ESANN fosters collaboration and showcases cutting-edge research in artificial neural networks, computational intelligence, and machine learning.   
 The symposium will feature over 100 speakers, single-track sessions, and opportunities for both students and professionals to engage with leading experts. Esteemed organizations, including Springer, KULeuven, and the European Neural Network Society, are among the sponsors, ensuring a high-caliber event.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 Single-Track Format: Ensures focused, in-depth discussions on the latest advancements. 
  Student Recognition: Opportunities for students to showcase their work and compete for awards. 
  Hybrid Accessibility: Attend in person or online, accommodating global participation. 
  Top Sponsors and Partners: Supported by leading academic and research organizations. 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 Researchers and Academics: Present and learn about breakthroughs in neural networks and machine learning. 
  Students: Engage with global experts and gain recognition through awards. 
  Industry Professionals: Discover practical applications and network with peers. 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: esann.org 
  Email: esann@uclouvain.be 
  Location: Bruges, Belgium, and Online 

 2. International Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN 2025)   
 The International Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN 2025) will take place from June 30 to July 5, 2025, in Rome, Italy, at the Pontifical Gregorian University, just steps away from the iconic Trevi Fountain. Renowned as the premier international conference in neural networks and artificial intelligence, IJCNN serves as a vibrant platform for the exchange of groundbreaking ideas and collaborations among researchers, practitioners, and industry leaders.   
 With the theme “Human-AI Interaction in Creative Arts and Sciences,” the 2025 conference will explore interdisciplinary advancements and applications of neural networks, fostering a deeper synergy between humans and AI. The event includes a robust technical program featuring tutorials, special sessions, workshops, plenary talks, and a special track dedicated to this year’s theme.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 Comprehensive Technical Program: Covers supervised and unsupervised learning, reinforcement learning, deep learning, cognitive algorithms, and more. 
  Special Theme Track: Focused on “Human-AI Interaction in Creative Arts and Sciences.” 
  Publication Opportunities: Accepted papers will be published in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library and indexed by Scopus. 
  Cultural Immersion: Held in Rome, attendees can enjoy the city’s historic and inspiring atmosphere. 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 Researchers and Academics: Present and discuss cutting-edge neural network innovations. 
  Industry Professionals: Discover applications and network with peers in AI-driven industries. 
  Students: Learn from leading experts and engage in collaborative opportunities. 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: 2025.ijcnn.org 
  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/international-neural-network-society-inns 
  YouTube: youtube.com/@internationalneuralnetwork882 
  Twitter: twitter.com/INNSociety 
  Location: Pontifical Gregorian University, Rome, Italy 

 3. 5th International Conference on Neural Networks, Information and Communication Engineering (NNICE 2025)   
 The 5th International Conference on Neural Networks, Information and Communication Engineering (NNICE 2025) will take place on January 10–12, 2025, in Guangzhou, China. This conference serves as a platform for innovative academics, industrial experts, researchers, and practitioners from around the world to share and discuss advancements in neural networks, information technology, and communication engineering.   
 NNICE 2025 aims to foster global collaboration, promote research activities, and facilitate scientific knowledge exchange.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 High-Quality Technical Program: A robust schedule of presentations and discussions on the latest research and applications. 
  Networking Opportunities: Meet leading researchers, developers, and practitioners in neural networks and communication engineering. 
  Publication: Accepted papers will be included in the NNICE 2025 Conference Proceedings, archived in IEEE Xplore (ISBN: 979-8-3315-0796-1), and indexed by EI Compendex, Scopus, and other prominent indexing services. 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 Academics and Researchers: Present findings and gain insights into cutting-edge developments. 
  Students and Engineers: Explore innovative applications and network with global experts. 
  Industry Professionals: Discover solutions and advancements relevant to communication and information engineering. 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: icnnice.com 
  E-Mail: nnice2021@163.com 
  Location: Guangzhou, China 

 4. International Conference on Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning (AI & ML 2025)   
 The International Conference on Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning will take place from May 19–21, 2025, at the DoubleTree by Hilton Kyoto Station in Osaka, Japan. Hosted by Cognition Conferences, the event’s theme, “AI and ML Renaissance: Pioneering the Path to Future Intelligence,” aims to bring together global leaders, researchers, and practitioners in AI and ML. The conference promises a rich program featuring 30+ scientific sessions, panel discussions, workshops, and networking opportunities.   
 Attendees will explore cutting-edge advancements in AI and ML while enjoying the vibrant cultural and innovative atmosphere of Osaka.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 Scientific Sessions: Topics include Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Generative Adversarial Networks, Explainable AI, and Quantum Machine Learning. 
  Workshops and Panels: Designed to deepen understanding and practical applications of AI and ML. 
  Networking Opportunities: Connect with leading experts, peers, and industry professionals. 
  Location: Hosted in Osaka, a city blending traditional culture with modern innovation. 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 AI Researchers and Academics: Present and discuss groundbreaking research. 
  Students and Scholars: Learn from industry leaders and expand professional networks. 
  Industry Professionals: Explore practical AI and ML applications and solutions. 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: cognitionconferences.com/artificialintelligence 
  Email: contact@cognitionconferences.org 
  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/cognition-conferences 
  Facebook: facebook.com/people/Cognition-Conferences/61557103112725 
  Twitter: twitter.com/CognitionConf 
  Instagram: instagram.com/cognitionconferences 
  YouTube: youtube.com/@CognitionConferences 
  Phone: +44 20 3289 6498 
  Location: DoubleTree by Hilton Kyoto Station, Osaka, Japan 

 5. DeLTA 2025 – Deep Learning and Big Data Analytics Conference   
 The DeLTA 2025 Conference will take place July 7–9, 2025, in Rome, Italy. Organized by the Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control, and Communication (INSTICC), this hybrid event focuses on Deep Learning and Big Data Analytics and their real-world applications. It emphasizes cutting-edge advancements in computer vision, natural language processing, and IoT technologies, among others.   
 The conference is held alongside ICSOFT 2025, DATA 2025, SIMULTECH 2025, ICSBT 2025, and SECRYPT 2025, providing attendees access to a multidisciplinary platform for collaboration.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 Conference topics include models and algorithms, machine learning, and big data analytics. 
  Accepted papers published by Springer in the CCIS Series and indexed in SCOPUS and Web of Science. 
  Keynote lectures from leading AI and data science experts. 
  Hybrid format supports both in-person and remote presentations. 
  Collaboration opportunities through co-hosted AI-focused conferences. 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 Academics and Researchers: Learn and share the latest advancements in deep learning. 
  Industry Professionals: Gain insights into big data analytics for practical applications. 
  Students and Developers: Enhance knowledge and network with global experts. 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: delta.scitevents.org 
  Email: delta.secretariat@insticc.org 
  Facebook: facebook.com/DeLTAConference 
  Location: Rome, Italy. 

 6. International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 2025   
 The International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 2025 will bring together researchers, industry experts, and thought leaders to discuss the latest advancements in AI and machine learning. The conference will provide a platform to explore innovative developments in deep learning and neural networks, with a focus on practical applications across sectors such as healthcare, finance, and robotics. Participants will engage in keynote sessions, hands-on workshops, and interactive panel discussions, gaining valuable insights and opportunities to network with global peers.   
 Set in the dynamic city of Copenhagen, this event promises a blend of high-quality technical sessions and enriching cultural experiences. Whether you’re an academic, student, or industry professional, this conference offers a unique opportunity to stay at the forefront of AI and ML innovation.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 Insights into cutting-edge advancements in deep learning and neural networks 
  Workshops and panel discussions exploring practical applications and techniques 
  Networking opportunities with global AI and ML professionals 
  Topics include GANs, RNNs, CNNs, predictive analytics, robotics, and more 
  Venue attractions include Amalienborg Palace and Tivoli Gardens 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 AI and ML researchers and developers seeking deeper knowledge 
  Professionals applying AI solutions in healthcare, finance, and other sectors 
  Academics, students, and industry professionals exploring innovative AI applications 
  Decision-makers interested in leveraging AI for business transformation 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: mindspaceconferences.com/artificialintelligence 
  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/mindspace-conferences 
  Facebook: facebook.com/MindspaceConferences 
  Twitter: twitter.com/MindSpaceConf 
  Email: contact@mindspaceconferences.com 
  Phone: (+44) –2032898986 
  Location: Copenhagen, Denmark 

 7. 26th Engineering Applications and Advances of Artificial Intelligence (EAAAI 2025)   
 The 26th EAAAI (formerly EANN) 2025 conference is a premier international event dedicated to exploring engineering applications and advancements in artificial intelligence. With a legacy spanning over 25 years, EAAAI offers a robust platform for AI researchers, practitioners, and industry experts to share groundbreaking ideas, innovations, and applications.   
 The event welcomes contributions from the entire AI spectrum and various scientific domains, providing an ideal setting for networking and knowledge dissemination.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 Expanded Scope: Covering a wide array of AI research areas and applications. 
  Flexible Participation: Attend in-person in Limassol or online via the hybrid format. 
  Legacy and Prestige: Established as a reputable conference with continuous presence since 1995. 
  Engaging Program: Featuring paper presentations, keynote speeches, and networking opportunities. 
  Collaborative Environment: Encourages interaction between academia and industry for advancing AI innovations. 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 AI researchers and academics seeking to showcase their latest findings. 
  Industry professionals exploring practical applications of AI technologies. 
  Students and early-career professionals looking to network and learn from experts. 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: eannconf.org/2025 
  Email: liliadis@civil.duth.gr 
  Facebook: facebook.com/EANNconference 
  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/eannconference 
  Location: Cyprus University of Technology, Limassol, Cyprus (Hybrid) 

 8. 19th International Symposium on Neural Networks (ISNN 2025)   
 The 19th International Symposium on Neural Networks (ISNN 2025) invites scientists, engineers, and educators from around the globe to discuss cutting-edge neural network research and applications. Set against the historic backdrop of Zhangye in the Hexi Corridor along the Silk Road, this symposium offers a unique blend of academic rigor and cultural exploration.   
 The event will feature plenary speeches by world-renowned scholars, regular sessions covering diverse topics, and special sessions on emerging areas of interest.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 World-Class Speakers: Plenary speeches by leading neural network researchers. 
  Diverse Program: Regular and special sessions addressing a broad range of neural network topics. 
  Publication Opportunities: Proceedings in the Springer LNCS series, with selected papers included in SCI journals. 
  Special Sessions: Focused discussions organized by internationally recognized experts. 
  Rich Venue: Located in Zhangye, known for its Silk Road history and stunning landscapes. 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 Researchers and academics presenting state-of-the-art neural network research. 
  Engineers and practitioners exploring applications in AI and neural networks. 
  Educators and students aiming to deepen their understanding of neural network advancements. 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: conference.cs.cityu.edu.hk/isnn 
  Email: isnn@cs.cityu.edu.hk 
  Location: Zhangye, Gansu, China 

 9. IWANN 2025 – 18th International Work-Conference on Artificial Neural Networks   
 The 18th International Work-Conference on Artificial Neural Networks (IWANN 2025) invites researchers, practitioners, and students to explore advancements in artificial neural networks, computational intelligence, and bio-inspired systems. This biennial event offers a dynamic platform to present innovative solutions, discuss theoretical models, and share practical applications across diverse fields such as robotics, healthcare AI, and 5G technology. With a focus on bridging theoretical and applied aspects, IWANN 2025 continues its tradition of excellence in promoting groundbreaking research.   
 Participants can look forward to plenary talks by world-class speakers, engaging tutorials, workshops, and an emphasis on collaborative learning. Accepted papers will be published in Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS), with selected works featured in special journal issues. Whether attending in-person or virtually, IWANN 2025 provides unparalleled opportunities for networking, knowledge exchange, and showcasing innovative contributions in computational intelligence.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 Plenary Speakers: Talks by Gustavo Deco and Barbara Hammer on transformative AI topics. 
  Tutorials: In-depth learning on “AI and Digital Twins in Healthcare” by Julià Camps. 
  Wide-Ranging Topics: From deep learning to ethical AI and robotics, IWANN 2025 covers cutting-edge areas. 
  Publications: Proceedings in Springer LNCS with opportunities for journal special issues. 
  Flexible Participation: In-person and virtual presentation options for global accessibility. 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 Researchers and Academics: Share groundbreaking research and learn from global experts. 
  Industry Professionals: Discover AI solutions to enhance business and technical processes. 
  Students and Emerging Scholars: Gain exposure to advanced topics and network with leaders in the field. 
  Innovators and Developers: Explore practical applications in robotics, 5G, and healthcare AI. 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: iwann.uma.es 
  Email: iwann@ugr.es 
  Twitter: x.com/iwannConference 
  Location: A Coruña, Spain 

 10. IEEE ICMLCN 2025 – International Conference on Machine Learning for Communication and Networking   
 The 2025 IEEE International Conference on Machine Learning for Communication and Networking (ICMLCN) is a premier event that brings together researchers, practitioners, and industry leaders to explore the application of machine learning techniques in communication systems and networks. Hosted by IEEE, this conference provides a dynamic platform for presenting cutting-edge research, fostering collaboration between academia and industry, and addressing real-world challenges in communication and networking through machine learning innovations.   
 The conference features technical sessions, tutorials, special panels, and live demos, offering a holistic overview of the latest trends and technologies in machine learning applications. Participants will have the opportunity to engage with leading experts, explore innovative solutions, and contribute to shaping the future of communication and networking systems.   
  
 Key Highlights   
 Call for Papers: Submission deadlines for research papers, demo proposals, and tutorials. 
  Special Sessions: Dedicated sessions for specific topics in ML-driven communication systems. 
  Industry Panels: Collaborative panels bridging academia and industry. 
  Technical Demos: Live demonstrations of practical applications and solutions. 
  Networking Opportunities: Engage with global experts and professionals. 
   
 Who It’s Best For   
 Academics and Researchers: Present groundbreaking studies and explore state-of-the-art advancements. 
  Industry Professionals: Discover ML applications to enhance communication and networking solutions. 
  Students and Scholars: Gain insights into practical ML implementations and expand knowledge. 
  Policy Makers and Innovators: Learn about transformative AI technologies impacting global communication. 
   
 Contact Information   
 Website: icmlcn2025.ieee-icmlcn.org 
  Email: security@ieee.org 
  Facebook: facebook.com/IEEE.org 
  Twitter: twitter.com/IEEEorg 
  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/ieee 
  Instagram: instagram.com/ieeeorg 
  Location: Barcelona, Spain 
   
 Conclusion   
 Attending these conferences in 2025 offers valuable opportunities to stay abreast of the latest research, network with professionals, and contribute to the growing field of neural networks. Whether you’re a researcher, practitioner, or enthusiast, these events provide platforms to enhance your knowledge and engage with the global AI community.   
  
 FAQ   
 What are the benefits of attending neural network conferences?  
 Attending these conferences allows individuals to learn about the latest research developments, network with experts and peers, present their own work, and explore potential collaborations in the field of neural networks and artificial intelligence.  

 How can I stay informed about upcoming neural network conferences?  
 Regularly visiting official conference websites, subscribing to relevant newsletters, and joining professional organizations in the field can help you stay updated on upcoming events and submission deadlines.  

 Are there virtual participation options for these conferences?  
 Many conferences, such as ESANN 2025, offer hybrid formats that include both in-person and online participation options, accommodating a wider audience and providing flexibility for attendees.  

 What topics are typically covered at neural network conferences?  
 These conferences cover a broad range of topics, including neural network theory, machine learning algorithms, computational intelligence, deep learning applications, and advancements in artificial intelligence technologies.  

 How can I submit my research to these conferences?  
 Each conference has its own submission guidelines and deadlines. It’s important to visit the official conference websites for detailed information on paper submission procedures, formatting requirements, and important dates.  

 Let's work together!    
   
 Contact Us      

 Sign up to our newsletter    
   
 Stay informed with our latest updates and exclusive offers by subscribing to our newsletter.  

 Leave this field empty if you're human:        

 AI development company focused on providing the most comprehensive AI services  

 We are a member of  

 Company 
  Development of AI components 
  Artificial Intelligence Consulting 
  Education & Training 
  Research & Development 
  Packages for Startups 
  Projects 

 Privacy Policy 
  Data & Privacy 
  Imprint 

 +49 6151 3943489 
  info@aisuperior.com 
  Robert-Bosch-Str.7, 64293 Darmstadt, Germany 

 Facebook-f      Instagram      Youtube      Twitter      Linkedin-in        

 © AI Superior GmbH – All Rights Reserved  

     English    
    German     Arabic     French     Dutch     Spanish     English    

    Scroll to Top    
   
Call for papers data: 
   Skip to content  Download our AI in Business | Global Trends Report 2023  and stay ahead of the curve!   

 Home 
  Company | About Us 
  Careers 
  Blog 
  News 
  Services | Artificial Intelligence & ML | AI Consulting 
  AI and Data Strategy 
  Process optimization with AI 
  AI Use Case Discovery & Identification 
  AI Software Development 
  AI Components development 
  AI Academy 
  R&D for AI 
  SOTA Research / Patents 
  Generative AI | Generative AI Development 
  AI Chatbot Development 
  LLM Development and Consulting 
  Geospatial AI | GeoAI 
  Solutions | Technology | Computer Vision 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Business Intelligence Solutions 
  Core Data Science and Machine Learning 
  Cutting Edge Artificial Intelligence 
  Industry | Insurance 
  Construction 
  Finance 
  Government 
  Internet and Tech Start-Ups 
  Media 
  Oil and Gas 
  Pharmaceuticals 
  Real Estate 
  Space 
  NGOs, NPOs and NCOs 
  Products | AiSuperiorGPT 
  Projects 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  Company | About Us 
  Careers 
  Blog 
  News 
  Services | Artificial Intelligence & ML | AI Consulting 
  AI and Data Strategy 
  Process optimization with AI 
  AI Use Case Discovery & Identification 
  AI Software Development 
  AI Components development 
  AI Academy 
  R&D for AI 
  SOTA Research / Patents 
  Generative AI | Generative AI Development 
  AI Chatbot Development 
  LLM Development and Consulting 
  Geospatial AI | GeoAI 
  Solutions | Technology | Computer Vision 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Business Intelligence Solutions 
  Core Data Science and Machine Learning 
  Cutting Edge Artificial Intelligence 
  Industry | Insurance 
  Construction 
  Finance 
  Government 
  Internet and Tech Start-Ups 
  Media 
  Oil and Gas 
  Pharmaceuticals 
  Real Estate 
  Space 
  NGOs, NPOs and NCOs 
  Products | AiSuperiorGPT 
  Projects 

 Contact Us      

 EN | DE 
   
 EN | DE 

 EN    
 EN  DE  AR  FR  NL  ES    

 Home 
  Company | About Us 
  Careers 
  Blog 
  News 
  Services | Artificial Intelligence & ML | AI Consulting 
  AI and Data Strategy 
  Process optimization with AI 
  AI Use Case Discovery & Identification 
  AI Software Development 
  AI Components development 
  AI Academy 
  R&D for AI 
  SOTA Research / Patents 
  Generative AI | Generative AI Development 
  AI Chatbot Development 
  LLM Development and Consulting 
  Geospatial AI | GeoAI 
  Solutions | Technology | Computer Vision 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Business Intelligence Solutions 
  Core Data Science and Machine Learning 
  Cutting Edge Artificial Intelligence 
  Industry | Insurance 
  Construction 
  Finance 
  Government 
  Internet and Tech Start-Ups 
  Media 
  Oil and Gas 
  Pharmaceuticals 
  Real Estate 
  Space 
  NGOs, NPOs and NCOs 
  Products | AiSuperiorGPT 
  Projects 
   
     Menu    
 Home 
  Company | About Us 
  Careers 
  Blog 
  News 
  Services | Artificial Intelligence & ML | AI Consulting 
  AI and Data Strategy 
  Process optimization with AI 
  AI Use Case Discovery & Identification 
  AI Software Development 
  AI Components development 
  AI Academy 
  R&D for AI 
  SOTA Research / Patents 
  Generative AI | Generative AI Development 
  AI Chatbot Development 
  LLM Development and Consulting 
  Geospatial AI | GeoAI 
  Solutions | Technology | Computer Vision 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Business Intelligence Solutions 
  Core Data Science and Machine Learning 
  Cutting Edge Artificial Intelligence 
  Industry | Insurance 
  Construction 
  Finance 
  Government 
  Internet and Tech Start-Ups 
  Media 
  Oil and Gas 
  Pharmaceuticals 
  Real Estate 
  Space 
  NGOs, NPOs and NCOs 
  Products | AiSuperiorGPT 
  Projects 

 Research and Development for Artificial Intelligence   

 We can perform numerous research and development activities that support the growth and development of organizations in the modern age while helping them develop an r&d strategic plan. Our AI team has proven research skills and an extensive academic background across multiple disciplines. No matter what area of research you need help with, we have the skills necessary to put your ideas into action.  

 What Can You  Do With It?  

 State Of The Art Review   
 We can conduct extensive and in-depth data reviews. Whether you deal with scientific data, academic literature, business data, or third-party research data, we can go through anything. Later, you can use this reviewed data with the highest confidence in your research and development projects.  

 Original Scientific Research   
 AI is becoming more and more prevalent in scientific research. This branch employs data mining, visualization, analysis, statistics, machine learning, and more. AI can help researchers validate existing hypotheses or come up with new ones. Additionally, artificial intelligence can function as a research assistant by extracting data, conducting post-market surveillance, and reviewing the literature.  

 Implementation of Published Papers   
 Published papers are a crucial part of any scientific research, but implementing their findings can be challenging. By default, many scientific papers are long and detailed. You may not need all of the data outlined in the paper. In some case, you will only want to focus only on the most relevant ones, like algorithms.  
   
  AI can help you extract only the information you need. You can use AI to build a stack of relevant papers that you can extract significant information from to support your research.  

 Develop Concepts and Materialize Ideas   
 AI and machine learning excel at solving problems. If you have ai research and development projects that are stuck, AI can help you develop ideas and concepts. You can find patterns in your data to create new focus areas and bring your ideas to life.  

 What Our Customers  Say  

 Our Awards and Recognition   

 We are honoured to receive industry accolades for our unwavering dedication to delivering exceptional AI services and software solutions.  

 Our success stories   

 Generative AI  , NLP  , Other 

 Empowering Organizations with Custom LLM-Enabled Chatbot Solutions     
   
 The AI Superior team developed a web application that allows users to communicate with a Custom LLM through a chatbot interface. This innovation empowers organizations to establish private, hosted  

 View More      

 Computer Vision  , Internet 

 Enhancing Workplace Hygiene with AI-Powered Object Detection     
   
 View More      

 Computer Vision  , Core Machine Learning  , Real Estate 

 Harnessing Deep Learning for Urban Zone Pricing Analysis     
   
 View More      

 Computer Vision  , Core Machine Learning  , Medical 

 From Scans to Insights: Using Deep Learning to Estimate Fat and Muscle Volume of Human Eyes     
   
 View More      

 Core Machine Learning  , Insurance 

 Data-Driven Insurance: Deep Learning Solution for Usage-Based Insurance     
   
 View More      

 Computer Vision  , Government 

 AI Superior’s Advanced Graffiti Detection System     
   
 View More      

 Let’s discuss your next AI project  

     Name     

 Submit      

 By clicking Submit, you agree to our Privacy Policy.   

 +49 6151 3943489 
  info@aisuperior.com 
  Robert-Bosch-Str.7, 64293 Darmstadt, Germany 

 AI development company focused on providing the most comprehensive AI services  

 We are a member of  

 Company 
  Development of AI components 
  Artificial Intelligence Consulting 
  Education & Training 
  Research & Development 
  Packages for Startups 
  Projects 

 Privacy Policy 
  Data & Privacy 
  Imprint 

 +49 6151 3943489 
  info@aisuperior.com 
  Robert-Bosch-Str.7, 64293 Darmstadt, Germany 

 Facebook-f      Instagram      Youtube      Twitter      Linkedin-in        

 © AI Superior GmbH – All Rights Reserved  

     English    
    German     Arabic     French     Dutch     Spanish     English    

    Scroll to Top    
   Important dates data: 
undefined

27. Conference EC_1:
Menu       
   
 Close       
 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 Call for Contributions    

 Papers  
  
 TL;DR for Seasoned Authors  
 Authors must submit abstracts by February 3 and full papers by February 10. 
  Papers submitted to EC’25 must select one of four methodological tracks and several content areas. The list of tracks and content areas can be found below. 
  EC’25 is continuing the forward-to-journal option as in previous years. 
  EC’25 is currently planned as a primarily in-person event. 
   
 Policy for Accepted Papers  
 At least one author  of each accepted paper must attend and present the paper. We are willing to make exceptions in rare cases such as severe illness, visa denial, or a death in the family. If no author(s) will be able to attend, please write back to us (the General Chair, PC Chairs, and Virtual Chair) and explain the reason(s) for your absence. In approved instances, the authors will have the opportunity to present their work in the online preview week, either live or self-recorded. The presentation time will be as in the conference 18 minutes.  
 Background  
 Since 1999, the ACM Special Interest Group on Economics and Computation (SIGecom) has sponsored the leading scientific conference on advances in theory, empirics, and applications at the interface of economics and computation. The 26th ACM Conference on Economics and Computation (EC’25) will feature invited speakers, a technical program of submitted paper presentations, workshops, and posters. EC’25 is currently planned as a primarily in-person event, taking place from July 7 through July 12, 2025 at Stanford University  .  
  We solicit paper submissions for presentation in the technical program.  
  
 Timetable for Authors  
 Monday, February 3, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE): Abstract submission deadline. 
  Monday, February 10, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE): Paper submission deadline. 
  Thursday, March 27, 2025: First-round decisions sent to authors. 
  Tuesday, April 22, 2025: Second-round reviews sent to authors for feedback. 
  Friday, April 25, 2025 (11:59pm AoE): Author responses due. 
  Saturday May 17, 2025: Paper accept/reject notifications. 
  TBA (11:59pm AoE): Camera-ready versions of accepted papers due. 
  July 7-12, 2025: Conference technical program. 
   
 Submission Instructions  
 Submit a Paper   
 Identifiers.  Authors must submit abstracts by February 3 and full papers by February 10. The submission server will open mid-January.  
 Format.  The body of the submission (excluding the title page and the bibliography) may be up to 18 pages long. The title page should only contain the title, submission number, and the abstract. In addition, an appendix of arbitrary length may be included at the end of the paper only for the review process (i.e., an appendix will not appear if the paper is published). This appendix will be read at the discretion of the reviewers. To add the submission number to the title page, one must first submit a paper without a number, see what number was assigned, and then revise the submission to include this number. The body of the submission should contain a clear presentation of the contributions of the paper, including a discussion of prior work and an outline of the key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims. The submission as a whole should include all of the ideas necessary for an expert to fully verify the central claims in the paper. Submitted papers will be evaluated on significance of the contribution, originality, relation to prior research, technical quality, and exposition.  
 LaTex style files.  Authors will be required to format their submissions using the EC’25 LaTex style files   , which uses a single-column format with 10-point font. Papers that do not use the EC’25 LaTex style files or violate the page limit may be rejected without review.  
 Tracks.  Each submission must select one of four tracks that differ along methodological dimensions. The reviewing process of each track will be overseen by the corresponding Track Chair(s), who are primarily responsible for ensuring that consistent reviewing standards are applied to all papers in the same track. Authors should consider the description of the tracks to select which track best captures the research community according to whose standards their paper should be evaluated. Authors from any research community are welcome to submit to any of the tracks. EC’25 will use the following four tracks:  
 Theory: | Typical papers in this track make progress on existing theoretical problems, propose new ones, or introduce significant new techniques that could be applied more broadly. | Track chairs: Nima Haghpanah, Annie Liang,  Ruta Mehta, Mallesh Pai, Grant Schoenebeck | . 
  Applied Modeling: | Typical papers in this track propose and analyze novel models that capture real-world phenomena or provide fresh perspectives on previously studied applied problems. | Track chairs: Nick Arnosti, Eduardo Azevedo, Sigal Oren | . 
  Empirics: | Typical papers in this track draw significant insights from real or synthetic data, through access to new data sources or experiments, or through novel analysis of existing data sources or experiments. | Track chairs: Chiara Farronato, Denis Nekipelov | . 
  AI: | Typical papers in this track apply the methods and models of artificial intelligence, including both theoretical and computational approaches, to topics at the intersection of economics and computing. | Track chairs: Annie Liang, Grant Schoenebeck, Nisarg Shah | . 
  Areas.  Each submission must select at least one content area from the list provided below. Note that the areas are partially overlapping; if in doubt, authors are advised to select those area(s) that best fit their paper. Content areas will be used to match papers with a member of the Senior Program Committee (SPC) who is assigned to at least one of the paper’s areas. SPCs are responsible for shepherding papers through the review process and for making accept/reject recommendations to the Track and Program Chairs.  
 Agent-based modeling 
  Algorithmic fairness and data privacy 
  Auctions and pricing 
  Behavioral economics and bounded rationality 
  Blockchain and cryptocurrencies 
  Contract design 
  Crowdsourcing and information elicitation 
  Decision theory 
  Econometrics 
  Economic aspects of learning algorithms 
  Economic aspects of neural networks and large language models 
  Equilibrium analysis, including price of anarchy 
  Equilibrium computation and complexity 
  Fair division 
  Industrial organization 
  Information design 
  Laboratory and field experiments 
  Market design & matching markets 
  Market equilibria 
  Mechanism design 
  Online algorithms 
  Online platforms and applications 
  Social good and ethics 
  Social choice & voting theory 
  Social networks and social learning 
  Alternative venues.  In addition, we will ask the authors to specify alternative venues to which they would consider submitting the paper. We understand that different communities have different ways of highlighting the contribution and will use this information to match papers to reviewers familiar with the appropriate context.  
 Review process.  Each paper will be reviewed in detail by at least two referees.  
  There will be two stages of review, with some decisions announced on March 27 after first-round reviews, and the remaining decisions announced on May 17 after a second round of reviews. Between April 22-25, authors of papers undergoing second-round reviewing will be able to submit responses to the reviews, which will be taken into account by the review team.  
  The review process is double blind. Authors must take measures to ensure that their identity is not easily revealed from the submission itself. Authors should refer to their prior work in a neutral manner (i.e., instead of saying “We showed” say “XYZ et al. showed”).  
 Submission of code and data.  In the interest of reproducibility, authors are strongly encouraged to submit their code and data, if any. Such material should be archived as a single zip file and submitted as supplementary material.  
 One-page extended abstract option.  To accommodate the publishing traditions of different fields, authors of accepted papers can ask that only a one-page abstract of the paper appear in the proceedings, along with a URL pointing to the full paper. Authors should guarantee the link to be reliable for at least two years. This option is available to accommodate subsequent publication in journals that would not consider results that have been published in preliminary form in conference proceedings. Such papers must be submitted electronically and formatted just like papers submitted for full-text publication.  
 Submission of publicly available work (e.g., papers on arXiv).  (e.g., papers on arXiv). It is acceptable to submit work that has been presented in public (provided there are no published proceedings) or has been uploaded to arXiv or similar online archives, provided the submission itself is anonymized.  
 Simultaneous submissions to journals.  As in prior years, it is acceptable to simultaneously submit papers to EC’25 and to a journal, or to submit papers that are already under review at a journal, including papers that have already received a “revise and resubmit”, as long as the paper has not been accepted for publication prior to the EC submission deadline, and provided that the authors intend to publish the paper as a one-page abstract in EC. Papers that are accepted at EC’25 and appear as a one-page abstract can subsequently be submitted for publication in a journal but may not be submitted to any other archival conference (i.e., with published proceedings).  
 No other simultaneous submissions.  The following submissions are not allowed: (a) papers that are currently under review at another archival conference, (b) papers that have been accepted for publication in a journal or archival conference before the EC’25 submission deadline, (c) papers in which one or more of the contributions have previously been published or accepted for publication in a journal or archival conference.  
 Highlights beyond EC.  Papers that have already been published (or have been accepted for publication) in conferences or journals other than EC can be nominated (including self-nominations) for inclusion in a special plenary session at EC’25 called “Highlights beyond EC”, which is intended to highlight some of the best work in economics and computation that has appeared elsewhere. The corresponding call for nominations will be announced soon.  
 Forward to journal:  As in prior years, authors of accepted papers will have the option to select the forward-to-journal option to have the reviews forwarded to a journal of their choice. The decision to select or decline this option will take place when authors are submitting the camera-ready version of the paper (or one-page abstract) for the conference proceedings and additional instructions for authors will be provided at that time. Our partner journals are:  
 ACM Transactions on Economics and Computatio | n 
  American Economic Journal: Microeconomics 
  Algorithmica 
  Econometrica | Notes: | A submission would require the standard submission fee. Authors should clearly state in the cover letter that the paper is a forward to journal from EC 25. This would allow editors to get access to the reviews. In addition, | authors should submit the paper together with a short revision plan, instead of the detailed response letter that is submitted to reviewers in a revision. The Editor in charge could then use any subset of the EC reviewers he/she would find useful. The short “revision plan” is intended to prevent authors from spending significant time responding to comments and then having the paper dismissed if the Editor in charge doesn’t think there’s a path forward. 
  Games and Economic Behavior 
  International Economic Review 
  International Journal of Game Theory 
  Journal of Political Economy 
  Management Science | , Market Design, Platform, and Demand Analytics area 
  Marketing Science 
  Mathematics of Operations Research | , Game Theory area | Notes: The journal is open to considering forward-to-journals to other areas, if the authors believe a different area is a better fit. Please contact the Editor. 
  Operations Research | , Markets, Platforms, and Revenue Management area | Notes: Please read carefully the conference to journal submission policy. | https://pubsonline.informs.org/page/opre/conference-to-journal-submission-policy | When utilizing the forward-to-journal from EC to Operations Research, adding a response document discussing the reviewer comments and whether/how they have been addressed is recommended. 
  Quantitative Marketing and Economics 
  RAND Journal of Economics 
  Review of Economic Studies 
  Social Choice and Welfare 
  TheoretiCS 
  Theoretical Economics 
  We emphasize that the ultimate disposition of the paper is within the editorial discretion of each journal; in particular, there is no guarantee of acceptance if the forward-to-journal option is chosen. However, we do anticipate that this process should result in a faster decision from the journal.  
  
 Feature at INFORMS.  Authors of accepted papers can indicate if they wish to be considered for presenting their papers in special sessions at the 2025 INFORMS Annual Meeting, organized and sponsored by the INFORMS Auctions and Market Design (AMD) Section. To be considered for this fast-track selection process conducted by the AMD cluster chairs, authors will need to provide a short non-technical abstract (at most 500 characters) and indicate whether the intended presenter is an INFORMS job market candidate. The exact deadline to submit this information will be announced soon.  
 Conflict of interest.  Authors will have the opportunity to declare conflicts of interest (COIs) with Program Committee members. This must be done separately for each submission. Declaring COIs prevents the specified people from reviewing a paper, thereby constraining the matching process and so potentially negatively impacting review quality. For this reason, COIs should not be declared automatically based on a prior relationship. Instead, when declaring COIs, authors are asked to follow the ACM Conflict of Interest Policy  . Program Committee members can also declare a conflict of interest with authors as well as with specific papers.  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy  will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 Questions?  
 Contact the PC chairs at ecchairs2025@gmail.com   

 Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 

 Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 

 Copyright © 2024 EC 2025. All rights reserved.  SIGecom    

   
Call for papers data: 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

 Menu       
   
 Close       
 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 Home 
  Call for Contributions | Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Participation | Policy Regarding Remote Presentation 
  Travel & VISA 
  Travel & Childcare Grant 
  Code of Conduct 

 Call for Contributions    

 Papers  
  
 TL;DR for Seasoned Authors  
 Authors must submit abstracts by February 3 and full papers by February 10. 
  Papers submitted to EC’25 must select one of four methodological tracks and several content areas. The list of tracks and content areas can be found below. 
  EC’25 is continuing the forward-to-journal option as in previous years. 
  EC’25 is currently planned as a primarily in-person event. 
   
 Policy for Accepted Papers  
 At least one author  of each accepted paper must attend and present the paper. We are willing to make exceptions in rare cases such as severe illness, visa denial, or a death in the family. If no author(s) will be able to attend, please write back to us (the General Chair, PC Chairs, and Virtual Chair) and explain the reason(s) for your absence. In approved instances, the authors will have the opportunity to present their work in the online preview week, either live or self-recorded. The presentation time will be as in the conference 18 minutes.  
 Background  
 Since 1999, the ACM Special Interest Group on Economics and Computation (SIGecom) has sponsored the leading scientific conference on advances in theory, empirics, and applications at the interface of economics and computation. The 26th ACM Conference on Economics and Computation (EC’25) will feature invited speakers, a technical program of submitted paper presentations, workshops, and posters. EC’25 is currently planned as a primarily in-person event, taking place from July 7 through July 12, 2025 at Stanford University  .  
  We solicit paper submissions for presentation in the technical program.  
  
 Timetable for Authors  
 Monday, February 3, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE): Abstract submission deadline. 
  Monday, February 10, 2025 (11:59 pm AoE): Paper submission deadline. 
  Thursday, March 27, 2025: First-round decisions sent to authors. 
  Tuesday, April 22, 2025: Second-round reviews sent to authors for feedback. 
  Friday, April 25, 2025 (11:59pm AoE): Author responses due. 
  Saturday May 17, 2025: Paper accept/reject notifications. 
  TBA (11:59pm AoE): Camera-ready versions of accepted papers due. 
  July 7-12, 2025: Conference technical program. 
   
 Submission Instructions  
 Submit a Paper   
 Identifiers.  Authors must submit abstracts by February 3 and full papers by February 10. The submission server will open mid-January.  
 Format.  The body of the submission (excluding the title page and the bibliography) may be up to 18 pages long. The title page should only contain the title, submission number, and the abstract. In addition, an appendix of arbitrary length may be included at the end of the paper only for the review process (i.e., an appendix will not appear if the paper is published). This appendix will be read at the discretion of the reviewers. To add the submission number to the title page, one must first submit a paper without a number, see what number was assigned, and then revise the submission to include this number. The body of the submission should contain a clear presentation of the contributions of the paper, including a discussion of prior work and an outline of the key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims. The submission as a whole should include all of the ideas necessary for an expert to fully verify the central claims in the paper. Submitted papers will be evaluated on significance of the contribution, originality, relation to prior research, technical quality, and exposition.  
 LaTex style files.  Authors will be required to format their submissions using the EC’25 LaTex style files   , which uses a single-column format with 10-point font. Papers that do not use the EC’25 LaTex style files or violate the page limit may be rejected without review.  
 Tracks.  Each submission must select one of four tracks that differ along methodological dimensions. The reviewing process of each track will be overseen by the corresponding Track Chair(s), who are primarily responsible for ensuring that consistent reviewing standards are applied to all papers in the same track. Authors should consider the description of the tracks to select which track best captures the research community according to whose standards their paper should be evaluated. Authors from any research community are welcome to submit to any of the tracks. EC’25 will use the following four tracks:  
 Theory: | Typical papers in this track make progress on existing theoretical problems, propose new ones, or introduce significant new techniques that could be applied more broadly. | Track chairs: Nima Haghpanah, Annie Liang,  Ruta Mehta, Mallesh Pai, Grant Schoenebeck | . 
  Applied Modeling: | Typical papers in this track propose and analyze novel models that capture real-world phenomena or provide fresh perspectives on previously studied applied problems. | Track chairs: Nick Arnosti, Eduardo Azevedo, Sigal Oren | . 
  Empirics: | Typical papers in this track draw significant insights from real or synthetic data, through access to new data sources or experiments, or through novel analysis of existing data sources or experiments. | Track chairs: Chiara Farronato, Denis Nekipelov | . 
  AI: | Typical papers in this track apply the methods and models of artificial intelligence, including both theoretical and computational approaches, to topics at the intersection of economics and computing. | Track chairs: Annie Liang, Grant Schoenebeck, Nisarg Shah | . 
  Areas.  Each submission must select at least one content area from the list provided below. Note that the areas are partially overlapping; if in doubt, authors are advised to select those area(s) that best fit their paper. Content areas will be used to match papers with a member of the Senior Program Committee (SPC) who is assigned to at least one of the paper’s areas. SPCs are responsible for shepherding papers through the review process and for making accept/reject recommendations to the Track and Program Chairs.  
 Agent-based modeling 
  Algorithmic fairness and data privacy 
  Auctions and pricing 
  Behavioral economics and bounded rationality 
  Blockchain and cryptocurrencies 
  Contract design 
  Crowdsourcing and information elicitation 
  Decision theory 
  Econometrics 
  Economic aspects of learning algorithms 
  Economic aspects of neural networks and large language models 
  Equilibrium analysis, including price of anarchy 
  Equilibrium computation and complexity 
  Fair division 
  Industrial organization 
  Information design 
  Laboratory and field experiments 
  Market design & matching markets 
  Market equilibria 
  Mechanism design 
  Online algorithms 
  Online platforms and applications 
  Social good and ethics 
  Social choice & voting theory 
  Social networks and social learning 
  Alternative venues.  In addition, we will ask the authors to specify alternative venues to which they would consider submitting the paper. We understand that different communities have different ways of highlighting the contribution and will use this information to match papers to reviewers familiar with the appropriate context.  
 Review process.  Each paper will be reviewed in detail by at least two referees.  
  There will be two stages of review, with some decisions announced on March 27 after first-round reviews, and the remaining decisions announced on May 17 after a second round of reviews. Between April 22-25, authors of papers undergoing second-round reviewing will be able to submit responses to the reviews, which will be taken into account by the review team.  
  The review process is double blind. Authors must take measures to ensure that their identity is not easily revealed from the submission itself. Authors should refer to their prior work in a neutral manner (i.e., instead of saying “We showed” say “XYZ et al. showed”).  
 Submission of code and data.  In the interest of reproducibility, authors are strongly encouraged to submit their code and data, if any. Such material should be archived as a single zip file and submitted as supplementary material.  
 One-page extended abstract option.  To accommodate the publishing traditions of different fields, authors of accepted papers can ask that only a one-page abstract of the paper appear in the proceedings, along with a URL pointing to the full paper. Authors should guarantee the link to be reliable for at least two years. This option is available to accommodate subsequent publication in journals that would not consider results that have been published in preliminary form in conference proceedings. Such papers must be submitted electronically and formatted just like papers submitted for full-text publication.  
 Submission of publicly available work (e.g., papers on arXiv).  (e.g., papers on arXiv). It is acceptable to submit work that has been presented in public (provided there are no published proceedings) or has been uploaded to arXiv or similar online archives, provided the submission itself is anonymized.  
 Simultaneous submissions to journals.  As in prior years, it is acceptable to simultaneously submit papers to EC’25 and to a journal, or to submit papers that are already under review at a journal, including papers that have already received a “revise and resubmit”, as long as the paper has not been accepted for publication prior to the EC submission deadline, and provided that the authors intend to publish the paper as a one-page abstract in EC. Papers that are accepted at EC’25 and appear as a one-page abstract can subsequently be submitted for publication in a journal but may not be submitted to any other archival conference (i.e., with published proceedings).  
 No other simultaneous submissions.  The following submissions are not allowed: (a) papers that are currently under review at another archival conference, (b) papers that have been accepted for publication in a journal or archival conference before the EC’25 submission deadline, (c) papers in which one or more of the contributions have previously been published or accepted for publication in a journal or archival conference.  
 Highlights beyond EC.  Papers that have already been published (or have been accepted for publication) in conferences or journals other than EC can be nominated (including self-nominations) for inclusion in a special plenary session at EC’25 called “Highlights beyond EC”, which is intended to highlight some of the best work in economics and computation that has appeared elsewhere. The corresponding call for nominations will be announced soon.  
 Forward to journal:  As in prior years, authors of accepted papers will have the option to select the forward-to-journal option to have the reviews forwarded to a journal of their choice. The decision to select or decline this option will take place when authors are submitting the camera-ready version of the paper (or one-page abstract) for the conference proceedings and additional instructions for authors will be provided at that time. Our partner journals are:  
 ACM Transactions on Economics and Computatio | n 
  American Economic Journal: Microeconomics 
  Algorithmica 
  Econometrica | Notes: | A submission would require the standard submission fee. Authors should clearly state in the cover letter that the paper is a forward to journal from EC 25. This would allow editors to get access to the reviews. In addition, | authors should submit the paper together with a short revision plan, instead of the detailed response letter that is submitted to reviewers in a revision. The Editor in charge could then use any subset of the EC reviewers he/she would find useful. The short “revision plan” is intended to prevent authors from spending significant time responding to comments and then having the paper dismissed if the Editor in charge doesn’t think there’s a path forward. 
  Games and Economic Behavior 
  International Economic Review 
  International Journal of Game Theory 
  Journal of Political Economy 
  Management Science | , Market Design, Platform, and Demand Analytics area 
  Marketing Science 
  Mathematics of Operations Research | , Game Theory area | Notes: The journal is open to considering forward-to-journals to other areas, if the authors believe a different area is a better fit. Please contact the Editor. 
  Operations Research | , Markets, Platforms, and Revenue Management area | Notes: Please read carefully the conference to journal submission policy. | https://pubsonline.informs.org/page/opre/conference-to-journal-submission-policy | When utilizing the forward-to-journal from EC to Operations Research, adding a response document discussing the reviewer comments and whether/how they have been addressed is recommended. 
  Quantitative Marketing and Economics 
  RAND Journal of Economics 
  Review of Economic Studies 
  Social Choice and Welfare 
  TheoretiCS 
  Theoretical Economics 
  We emphasize that the ultimate disposition of the paper is within the editorial discretion of each journal; in particular, there is no guarantee of acceptance if the forward-to-journal option is chosen. However, we do anticipate that this process should result in a faster decision from the journal.  
  
 Feature at INFORMS.  Authors of accepted papers can indicate if they wish to be considered for presenting their papers in special sessions at the 2025 INFORMS Annual Meeting, organized and sponsored by the INFORMS Auctions and Market Design (AMD) Section. To be considered for this fast-track selection process conducted by the AMD cluster chairs, authors will need to provide a short non-technical abstract (at most 500 characters) and indicate whether the intended presenter is an INFORMS job market candidate. The exact deadline to submit this information will be announced soon.  
 Conflict of interest.  Authors will have the opportunity to declare conflicts of interest (COIs) with Program Committee members. This must be done separately for each submission. Declaring COIs prevents the specified people from reviewing a paper, thereby constraining the matching process and so potentially negatively impacting review quality. For this reason, COIs should not be declared automatically based on a prior relationship. Instead, when declaring COIs, authors are asked to follow the ACM Conflict of Interest Policy  . Program Committee members can also declare a conflict of interest with authors as well as with specific papers.  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy  will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.  
 Questions?  
 Contact the PC chairs at ecchairs2025@gmail.com   

 Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 

 Papers 
  Workshops & Tutorials 
  Posters 
  Highlights Beyond EC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 

 Copyright © 2024 EC 2025. All rights reserved.  SIGecom    

   Important dates data: 
undefined

28. Conference EC_2:
skip to main content    
 Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Queue 
  TechNews 
  Career Center 

 Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession   
   
 Join 
  Volunteer 
  myACM 
  Search Input    Search Submit 

  Join  Volunteer  myACM    
  Search      
   
 About ACM | About Home | About ACM 
  ACM's Mission, Vision, Core Values and Goals 
  Governance 
  ACM Council 
  Boards and Committees 
  Past Presidents 
  ACM Constitution 
  Bylaws 
  Annual Reports 
  History 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures 
  Stop Harassment 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  Policy on Complaint Process Disclosure 
  ACM Statements 
  ACM in the News 
  Media Center 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM  
 ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.  
 [Learn More about ACM...] 
  ACM Regional Councils | ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing 
  Membership | Membership Home | About Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  Ambassadors for ACM 
  People of ACM 
  Members in the News 
  Join 
  Renew 
  Subscribe 
  Manage your Account / myACM 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Contact Us 
  ACM Membership  
 ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.  
 [Learn More about ACM Membership...] 
  ACM Skills Bundle Add-On | Customer Service FAQs | Become an Ambassador for ACM 
  Publications | Publications Home | About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Journals 
  Magazines 
  Books 
  Conference Proceedings 
  ICPS 
  SIGs Newsletters 
  Blue Diamond Newsletter 
  Applications-Oriented Content 
  For Authors 
  Primary Article Templates 
  Open Access 
  Artifacts and Reproducibility 
  New ACM Journals 
  Propose New Publications 
  Policies 
  Report a Potential Violation 
  Ethics & Plagiarism 
  Publications Board 
  Subscribe 
  Advertise 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Publications  
 For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.  
 [Learn More about ACM Publications...] 
  Publish with ACM | Select Application-Oriented Papers | Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library 
  SIGs | Special Interest Groups Home | About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 
  Special Interest Groups  
 ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.  
 [Learn More about ACM's SIGs...] 
  Join an ACM SIG | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Conferences | Conferences Home | About Conferences 
  Conference Series 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
  ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide  
 Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.  
 [Learn More about ACM Conferences...] 
  Find an ACM Conference | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Chapters | Chapters Home | About Chapters 
  Professional Chapters 
  Student Chapters 
  Meetups 
  Newsletter 
  Calendar of Local Activities 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Annual Reports 
  Find a Chapter 
  Start a Chapter 
  Chapter Policies 
  Chapter Administrative Interface 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Chapters  
 ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.  
 [ Learn More about ACM Chapters...  ] 
  Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter | Chapter Administrative Interface | Start an ACM Chapter 
  Awards | Awards Home | About Awards 
  Award Recipients 
  ACM Fellows 
  ACM Advanced Member Grades 
  ACM Awards Committee 
  Nominate 
  Award Sponsors 
  Establish a New Award 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Awards  
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
  Affiliated Organizations 
  ACM Learning Center 
  Resources for Educators 
  Resources for Graduating Students 
  Education Board and Advisory Committee 
  Reports and Studies 
  Contact Us 
  Education  
 ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...  
 [Learn More about Education…] 
  ACM Education Advisory Committee Applications Open | Rush Shahani TechTalk | ByteCast Ep60: Xin Luna Dong 
  Learning Center | Learning Center Home | About the Learning Center 
  E-Learning 
  Member Offers 
  TechTalks 
  ByteCast 
  Resources 
  FAQs 
  Practitioner Board 
  Professional Development Committee 
  About ACM Learning Center  
 The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 80,000 online books, courses, and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training. 
  ByteCast Ep59: Nashlie Sephus | ByteCast Ep58: Wen-Mei Hwu | ByteCast Ep57: Xavier Leroy 
  Public Policy | Public Policy Home | About ACM's Public Policy Work 
  Tech Policy Council 
  Europe Tech Policy 
  US Tech Policy 
  USTPC HotTopics Webinars 
  ACM TechBriefs 
  Policy Products 
  Media Releases 
  Contact Us 
  Public Policy  
 ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...] 
  TechBrief on Data Privacy Protection | USTPC Issues Revised Statement on Remote Proctoring | ACM Europe TPC Statement on Digital Green Certificates 
  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Home | About Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
  Forming Diverse Teams 
  Words Matter 
  ACM Celebrates Awareness Months 
  ACM Code of Ethics 
  Stop Harassment 
  Contact Us 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  ACM-W 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
 Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...] 
  DEI Articles in CACM | DEI CE Webinars | How Diverse Is Your Team? 

 SIGs Home 
   About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Start a New SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Best Paper Awards 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 

 Home 
  Special Interest Groups (SIGs) 

 SIGecom  - Special Interest Group on Economics and Computation  
 Join    
 The ACM Special Interest Group on Economics and Computation (SIGecom) is the leading professional organization in the field of economics and computation. Our interdisciplinary work is united by the common goal of using economic ideas and computational reasoning to understand and improve social and economic interactions. SIGecom seeks to encourage research and applications at the interface between computer science and economics, and promote the sharing of new ideas across those and related disciplines.  
 SIGECOM benefits for FY 2025  
 Member Benefits provided to SIGecom Members:  
 Reduced registration at ACM Conference on Economics and Computation (EC). 
  Reduced registration at other conferences co-sponsored or in-cooperation with SIGecom. 
  SIGecom-members announcement mailing list. 
  Access to all ACM SIGecom related content in ACM digital library. 
  Community Benefits:  
 Annual ACM Conference on Economics and Computation. 
  Annual winter meeting. 
  Sponsorship or in-cooperation support of leading conferences and workshops in the field 
  SIGecom-talk mailing list for community announcements and discussions. 
  Biannual electronic newsletter, | SIGecom Exchanges 
  Members of the SIGecom community serve on the editorial board of the ACM | Transactions on Economics and Computation 
  Members of the SIGecom community can nominate PhD dissertations for the SIGecom Doctoral Dissertation award, research for the SIGecom Test of Time award, and individuals for the Mid-Career and Lifetime Achievement awards. 

 About ACM 
  About ACM 
  Volunteer 
  Membership 
  Join ACM 
  Renew My Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  MyACM Sign In 
  Publications 
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
  Chapter Admin Interface 
  Chapter Activities Calendar 
  Start a Chapter 
  Special Interest Groups 
  SIGs Newsletter 
  Awards 
  About ACM's Awards 
  Conferences 
  ACM's Conferences 
  Code of Ethics 
  ACM's Code of Ethics 
  Enforcement Procedures 
  Media Center 
  ACM Media Center 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Education 
  Education Home 
  Privacy Policy 
  Privacy Policy Home 

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact Us 
  Member Services 
  Privacy Policy 
  Social Media Policy 
  Accessibility 
  Cookie Declaration 
  Copyright © 2024, ACM, Inc 

  
Call for papers data: 
  skip to main content    
 Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Queue 
  TechNews 
  Career Center 

 Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession   
   
 Join 
  Volunteer 
  myACM 
  Search Input    Search Submit 

  Join  Volunteer  myACM    
  Search      
   
 About ACM | About Home | About ACM 
  ACM's Mission, Vision, Core Values and Goals 
  Governance 
  ACM Council 
  Boards and Committees 
  Past Presidents 
  ACM Constitution 
  Bylaws 
  Annual Reports 
  History 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures 
  Stop Harassment 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  Policy on Complaint Process Disclosure 
  ACM Statements 
  ACM in the News 
  Media Center 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM  
 ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.  
 [Learn More about ACM...] 
  ACM Regional Councils | ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing 
  Membership | Membership Home | About Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  Ambassadors for ACM 
  People of ACM 
  Members in the News 
  Join 
  Renew 
  Subscribe 
  Manage your Account / myACM 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Contact Us 
  ACM Membership  
 ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.  
 [Learn More about ACM Membership...] 
  ACM Skills Bundle Add-On | Customer Service FAQs | Become an Ambassador for ACM 
  Publications | Publications Home | About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Journals 
  Magazines 
  Books 
  Conference Proceedings 
  ICPS 
  SIGs Newsletters 
  Blue Diamond Newsletter 
  Applications-Oriented Content 
  For Authors 
  Primary Article Templates 
  Open Access 
  Artifacts and Reproducibility 
  New ACM Journals 
  Propose New Publications 
  Policies 
  Report a Potential Violation 
  Ethics & Plagiarism 
  Publications Board 
  Subscribe 
  Advertise 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Publications  
 For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.  
 [Learn More about ACM Publications...] 
  Publish with ACM | Select Application-Oriented Papers | Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library 
  SIGs | Special Interest Groups Home | About SIGs 
  SIG Listing 
  Emerging Interest Groups 
  SIG Awards 
  SIG Chapters 
  Publications 
  Conferences 
  Join a SIG 
  Volunteer Resources 
  SIG Leaders 
  Contact Us 
  Special Interest Groups  
 ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.  
 [Learn More about ACM's SIGs...] 
  Join an ACM SIG | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Conferences | Conferences Home | About Conferences 
  Conference Series 
  Upcoming Conferences 
  Get Conference Proceedings 
  Upcoming Submission Deadlines 
  ACM Author Rights & Permissions 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Volunteer Resources 
  Contact Us 
  ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide  
 Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.  
 [Learn More about ACM Conferences...] 
  Find an ACM Conference | Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices 
  Chapters | Chapters Home | About Chapters 
  Professional Chapters 
  Student Chapters 
  Meetups 
  Newsletter 
  Calendar of Local Activities 
  Distinguished Speakers 
  Annual Reports 
  Find a Chapter 
  Start a Chapter 
  Chapter Policies 
  Chapter Administrative Interface 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Chapters  
 ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.  
 [ Learn More about ACM Chapters...  ] 
  Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter | Chapter Administrative Interface | Start an ACM Chapter 
  Awards | Awards Home | About Awards 
  Award Recipients 
  ACM Fellows 
  ACM Advanced Member Grades 
  ACM Awards Committee 
  Nominate 
  Award Sponsors 
  Establish a New Award 
  Contact Us 
  About ACM Awards  
 ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.  
 More on ACM Awards 
  Geoffrey Hinton Awarded the 2024 Nobel Prize in Physics | ACM Announces Luiz André Barroso Award | ACM Names 2023 Fellows 
  Education | Education Home | About Education 
  Curricula Recommendations 
  Affiliated Organizations 
  ACM Learning Center 
  Resources for Educators 
  Resources for Graduating Students 
  Education Board and Advisory Committee 
  Reports and Studies 
  Contact Us 
  Education  
 ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...  
 [Learn More about Education…] 
  ACM Education Advisory Committee Applications Open | Rush Shahani TechTalk | ByteCast Ep60: Xin Luna Dong 
  Learning Center | Learning Center Home | About the Learning Center 
  E-Learning 
  Member Offers 
  TechTalks 
  ByteCast 
  Resources 
  FAQs 
  Practitioner Board 
  Professional Development Committee 
  About ACM Learning Center  
 The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 80,000 online books, courses, and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training. 
  ByteCast Ep59: Nashlie Sephus | ByteCast Ep58: Wen-Mei Hwu | ByteCast Ep57: Xavier Leroy 
  Public Policy | Public Policy Home | About ACM's Public Policy Work 
  Tech Policy Council 
  Europe Tech Policy 
  US Tech Policy 
  USTPC HotTopics Webinars 
  ACM TechBriefs 
  Policy Products 
  Media Releases 
  Contact Us 
  Public Policy  
 ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...] 
  TechBrief on Data Privacy Protection | USTPC Issues Revised Statement on Remote Proctoring | ACM Europe TPC Statement on Digital Green Certificates 
  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Home | About Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
  Forming Diverse Teams 
  Words Matter 
  ACM Celebrates Awareness Months 
  ACM Code of Ethics 
  Stop Harassment 
  Contact Us 
  Report Unacceptable Behavior 
  ACM-W 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion  
 Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.  
 [Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...] 
  DEI Articles in CACM | DEI CE Webinars | How Diverse Is Your Team? 

 Publications Home 
   About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  CACM 
  Journals 
  Magazines 
  Books 
  Conference Proceedings 
  ICPS 
  SIGs Newsletters 
  Blue Diamond Newsletter 
  Applications-Oriented Content 
  For Authors 
  Primary Article Templates 
  Open Access 
  Artifacts and Reproducibility 
  New ACM Journals 
  Propose New Publications 
  Policies 
  Report a Potential Violation 
  Ethics & Plagiarism 
  Publications Board 
  Subscribe 
  Advertise 
  Contact Us 

 Home 
  Publications 
  Papers For Practitioners 

 Papers For Practitioners  

 The content of many papers submitted to ACM Journals is highly relevant to developers and engineers interested in keeping up with the latest trends, technologies, problems, and solutions in their field. The papers below are applicable to practitioners and are open and available to the computing community.  
 Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 One-Way Delay Measurement From Traditional Networks to SDN: A Survey   
  By Djalel Chefrour  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Resilience in the IoT: Taxonomy, Classification and Discussion of Resilience Mechanisms   
  By Christian Berger, Philipp Eichhammer, Hans P. Reiser, Jörg Domaschka, Franz J. Hauck, Gerhard Habiger  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Deep Learning for Medical Anomaly Detection - A Survey   
  By Tharindu Fernando, Harshala Gammulle, Simon Denman, Sridha Sridharan, Clinton Fookes  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Applications of Artificial Intelligence in Fighting Against COVID-19   
  By Jianguo Chen, Kenli Li, Zhaolei Zhang, Keqin Li, Philip S. Yu  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Blockchain Interoperability: Past, Present, and Future Trends   
  By Rafael Belchior, André Vasconcelos, Sérgio Guerreiro, Miguel Correia  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 AutoML to Date and Beyond: Challenges and Opportunities   
  By Shubhra Kanti Karmaker (“Santu”), Md. Mahadi Hassan, Micah J. Smith, Lei Xu, Chengxiang Zhai, Kalyan Veeramachaneni  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Survey of Compressed Domain Video Summarization Techniques   
  By Madhushree Basavarajaiah, and Priyanka Sharma  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Survey of Text-based Epidemic Intelligence: A Computational Linguistics Perspective   
  By Aditya Joshi, Sarvnaz Karimi, Ross Sparks, Cécile Paris, and C. Raina Macintyre  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey of DevOps Concepts and Challenges   
  By Leonardo Leite, Carla Rocha, Fabio Kon, Dejan Milojicic, and Paulo Meirelles  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 How Complex Is Your Classification Problem?: A Survey on Measuring Classification Complexity   
  By Ana C. Lorena, Luís P. F. Garcia, Jens Lehmann, Marcilio C. P. Souto, and Tin Kam Ho  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Big Data Analytics for Large-scale Wireless Networks: Challenges and Opportunities   
  By Hong-Ning Dai, Raymond Chi-Wing Wong, Hao Wang, Zibin Zheng, and Athanasios V. Vasilakos  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Resource Management in Fog/Edge Computing: A Survey on Architectures, Infrastructure, and Algorithms   
  By Cheol-Ho Hong, and Blesson Varghese  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Beyond 2014: Formal Methods for Attack Tree--based Security Modeling   
  By Wojciech Wideł, Maxime Audinot, Barbara Fila, and Sophie Pinchinat  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Gait Recognition via Wearable Sensors   
  By Maria De Marsico, and Alessio Mecca  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Scheduling Strategies for Workflows in Cloud Environment and Emerging Trends   
  By Mainak Adhikari, Tarachand Amgoth, and Satish Narayana Srirama  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Indoor Positioning Based on Visible Light Communication: A Performance-based Survey of Real-world Prototypes   
  By Milad Afzalan, Farrokh Jazizadeh  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Multithreading Alternatives for Soft Error Fault Tolerance   
  By Isil Oz, Sanem Arslan  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Countermeasures against Worm Spreading: A New Challenge for Vehicular Networks   
  By Azzedine Boukerche, Qi Zhang  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Urban Computing Leveraging Location-Based Social Network Data: A Survey   
  By Thiago H. Silva, Aline Carneiro Viana, Fabrício Benevenuto, Leandro Villas, Juliana Salles, Antonio Loureiro, Daniele Quercia  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Survey on Brain-Computer Interface: An Emerging Computational Intelligence Paradigm   
  By Annushree Bablani, Damodar Reddy Edla, Diwakar Tripathi, Ramalingaswamy Cheruku  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Methods and Tools for Policy Analysis   
  By Amani Abu Jabal, Maryam Davari, Elisa Bertino, Christian Makaya, Seraphin Calo, Dinesh Verma, Alessandra Russo, Christopher Williams  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 “Dave...I can assure you ...that it’s going to be all right ...” A Definition, Case for, and Survey of Algorithmic Assurances in Human-Autonomy Trust Relationships   
  By Brett W. Israelsen, Nisar R. Ahmed  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Edge Cloud Offloading Algorithms: Issues, Methods, and Perspectives   
  By Jianyu Wang, Jianli Pan, Flavio Esposito, Prasad Calyam, Zhicheng Yang, Prasant Mohapatra  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Is Multimedia Multisensorial? - A Review of Mulsemedia Systems   
  By Alexandra Covaci , Longhao Zou, Irina Tal, Gabriel-Miro, Gheorghita Ghinea  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Deep Learning: Algorithms, Techniques, and Applications   
  By Samira Pouyanfar, Saad Sadiq, Yilin Yan, Haiman Tian, Yudong Tao, Maria Presa Reyes, Mei-Ling Shyu, Shu-Ching Chen, S. S. Iyengar  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Survey on Computational Trust and Reputation Models   
  By Diego De Siqueira Braga, Marco Niemann, Bernd Hellingrath, Fernando Buarque  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Security issues and challenges for virtualization technologies   
  By Federico Sierra-Arriaga, Rodrigo Branco, Ben Lee  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Environmental Audio Scene and Sound Event Recognition for Autonomous Surveillance: A Survey and Comparative Studies   
  By S. Chandrakala, S L Jayalakshmi  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Modeling Influence With Semantics in Social Networks: a Survey   
  By Gerasimos Razis, Ioannis Anagnostopoulos, Sherali Zeadally  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey of Blockchain-Based Strategies for Healthcare   
  By Erikson Júlio De Aguiar, Bruno S. Faiçal, Bhaskar Krishnamachari, Jó Ueyama  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Blocking and Filtering Techniques for Entity Resolution: A Survey   
  By Papadakis, George; Skoutas, Dimtrios; Thanos, Emmanouil; Palpanas, Themis  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Automatic Parameter Tuning for Big Data Processing Systems   
  By Herodotos Herodotou, Yuxing Chen, Jiaheng Lu  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Deep Learning on Mobile and Embedded Devices: State-of-the-Art, Challenges and Future Directions   
  By Yanjiao Chen, Baolin Zheng, Zihan Zhang, Qian Wang, Chao Shen, Qian Zhang  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Generalizing from a Few Examples: A Survey on Few-Shot Learning   
  By Yaqing Wang, Quanming Yao, James T. Kwok, Lionel M. Ni  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Device-Free Indoor Localization and Tracking in the Multi-Resident Environment   
  By Kan Ngamakeur, Sira Yongchareon, Jian Yu, Saeed Ur Rehman  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey of Context Simulation for Testing Mobile Context-Aware Applications   
  By Chu Luo, Jorge Goncalves, Eduardo Velloso, Vassilis Kostakos  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey of Profit Optimization Techniques for Cloud Providers   
  By Peijin Cong, Guo Xu, Tongquan Wei, Keqin Li  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Traffic Efficiency Applications over Downtown Roads: A New Challenge for Intelligent Connected Vehicles   
  By Maram Bani Younes, Azzedine Boukerche  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 On Resilience in Cloud Computing: A Survey of Techniques across the Cloud Domain   
  By Thomas Welsh, Elhadj Benkhelifa  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Vehicle Trajectory Similarity: Models, Methods, and Applications   
  By Roniel S. De Sousa, Azzedine Boukerche, Antonio A. F. Loureiro  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Orchestrating the Development Lifecycle of Machine Learning-Based IoT Applications: A Taxonomy and Survey   
  By Bin Qian, Jie Su, Zhenyu Wen, Devki Nandan Jha, Yinhao Li, Yu Guan, Deepak Puthal, Philip James, Renyu Yang, Albert Y. Zomaya,  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey of Symbolic Execution Techniques   
  By Roberto Baldoni, Emilio Coppa, Daniele Cono D’elia, Camil Demetrescu, Irene Finocchi  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Routing in Anonymous Communication Protocols   
  By Fatemeh Shirazi, Milivoj Simeonovski, Muhammad Rizwan Asghar, Michael Backes, Claudia Diaz  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Survey and Analysis of Kernel and Userspace Tracers on Linux: Design, Implementation, and Overhead   
  By Mohamad Gebai, Michel R. Dagenais, Surveys Homepage  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey of Techniques for Cache Partitioning in Multicore Processors   
  By Sparsh Mittal  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Taxonomy and Survey of Cloud Resource Orchestration Techniques   
  By Denis Weerasiri, Moshe Chai Barukh, Boualem Benatallah, Quan Z. Sheng, Rajiv Ranjan  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Business Process Variability Modeling: A Survey   
  By Marcello La Rosa, Wil M. P. Van Der Aalst, Marlon Dumas, Fredrik P. Milani  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Presentation Attack Detection Methods for Face Recognition Systems: A Comprehensive Survey   
  By Raghavendra Ramachandra, Christoph Busch  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Wireless Body Area Network (WBAN): A survey on reliability, fault tolerance, and technologies coexistence   
  By Marwa Salayma, Ahmed Al-Dubai, Imed Romdhani, Youssef Nasser  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Functional Taxonomy of Music Generation Systems   
  By Dorien Herremans, Ching-Hua Chuan, Elaine Chew  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Secure Smart Homes: Opportunities and Challenges   
  By Jordi Mongay Batalla, Athanasios Vasilakos, Mariusz Gajewski  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Structural XML Query Processing   
  By Radim Bača, Michal Krátký, Irena Holubová, Martin Nečaský, Tomáš Skopal, Martin Svoboda, Sherif Sakr  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey on Malware Detection Using Data Mining Techniques   
  By Yanfang Ye, Tao Li, Donald Adjeroh, S. Sitharama Iyengar  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Data-Driven Techniques in Computing System Management   
  By Tao Li Nanjing, Chunqiu Zeng, Yexi Jiang, Wubai Zhou, Liang Tang, Zheng Liu, Yue Huang  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 GPU Virtualization and Scheduling Methods: A Comprehensive Survey   
  By Cheol-Ho, Ivor Spence, Dimitrios S. Nikolopoulos  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey of Group Key Agreement Protocols with Constant Rounds   
  By Hu Xiong, Yan Wu, Zhenyu Lu  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Environmental Audio Scene and Sound Event Recognition for Autonomous Surveillance: A Survey and Comparative Studies   
  By S. Chandrakala, S. L. Jayalakshmi  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Comparison of Software Design Models: An Extended Systematic Mapping Study   
  By Lucian José Gonçales, Kleinner Farias, Toacy Cavalcante De Oliveira, Murilo Scholl  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 A Survey of Communication Performance Models for High-Performance Computing   
  By Juan A. Rico-Gallego, Juan C. Díaz-Martín, Ravi Reddy Manumachu, Alexey L. Lastovetsky  
  Computing Surveys (CSUR)  
 Back to the top    
 Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV)  
 A collaborative consumption digital platform for government organizations using design science   
  By Seffi Gebeyehu, Hossana Twinomurinzi  
  Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV)  
 The open data canvas – Analysing value creation from open data   
  By Yingying Gao, Marijn Janssen  
  Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV)  
 Predicting the Success of Mediation Requests Using Case Properties and Textual Information for Reducing the Burden on the Court   
  By Hsun-Ping Hsieh, Jiawei Jiang, Tzu-Hsin Yang, Renfen Hu, Cheng-Lin Wu  
  Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV)  
 A Framework for Open Civic Design: Integrating Public Participation, Crowdsourcing, and Design Thinking   
  By Brandon Reynante, Steven P. Dow, Narges Mahyar  
  Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV)  
 Requirement Engineering Challenges for Social Sector Software Development: Insights from Multiple Case Studies   
  By Varun Gupta  
  Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV)  
 COVID-19 Data Visualization through Automatic Phase Detection   
  By Pradipta Biswas, Kamalpreet Singh Saluja, Somnath Arjun, Lrd Murthy, Gowdham Prabhakar, Vinay Krishna Sharma, and Jeevitha Shree Dv  
  Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV)  
 SPREADING OF COVID-19 IN INDIA, ITALY, JAPAN, SPAIN, UK, US: A Prediction Using ARIMA and LSTM Model   
  By Munish Kumar, Surbhi Gupta, Krishan Kumar, and Monika Sachdeva  
  Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV)  
 Back to the top    
 Distributed Ledger Technologies: Research and Practice (DLT)  
 Accelerated Verifiable Fair Digital Exchange   
  By Prabal Banerjee, Dushyant Behl, Palanivel Kodeswaran, Chaitanya Kumar, Sushmita Ruj, Sayandeep Sen, Dhinakaran Vinayagamurthy  
  Distributed Ledger Technologies: Research and Practice (DLT)  
 Improving Quality of Service for Users of Leaderless DAG-Based Distributed Ledgers   
  By Andrew Cullen, Lianna Zhao, Luigi Vigneri, Robert Shorten  
  Distributed Ledger Technologies: Research and Practice (DLT)  
 Reality-based UTXO Ledger   
  By Sebastian Müller, Andreas Penzkofer, Nikita Polyanskii, Jonas Theis, William Sanders, Hans Moog  
  Distributed Ledger Technologies: Research and Practice (DLT)  
 Redactable Distributed Ledgers: A Survey   
  By Efat Fathalla, Chonggang Wang, Xu Li, Robert Gazda, Hongyi Wu  
  Distributed Ledger Technologies: Research and Practice (DLT)  
 Chaos Engineering of Ethereum Blockchain Clients   
  By Long Zhang, Javier Ron, Benoit Baudry, Martin Monperrus  
  Distributed Ledger Technologies: Research and Practice (DLT)  
 Back to the top    
 Journal of Data and Information Quality (JDIQ)  
 Experience: Managing Misinformation in Social Media—Insights for Policymakers from Twitter Analytics   
  By Reema Aswani, Arpan Kumar Kar, P. Vigneswara Ilavarasan  
  Journal of Data and Information Quality (JDIQ)  
 Experience: Enhancing Address Matching with Geocoding and Similarity Measure Selection   
  By Ioannis Koumarelas, Axel Kroschk, Clifford Mosley, Felix Naumann  
  Journal of Data and Information Quality (JDIQ)  
 Getting Rid of Data   
  By Tova Milo  
  Journal of Data and Information Quality (JDIQ)  
 Back to the top    
 Journal of the (JACM)  
 Fooling Polytopes   
  By Ryan O’Donnell, Rocco A. Servedio, Li-Yang Tan  
  Journal of the (JACM)  
 Optimal Multi-Way Number Partitioning   
  By Ethan L. Schreiber, Richard E. Korf , Michael D. Moffitt  
  Journal of the (JACM)  
 Low-Rank Approximation and Regression in Input Sparsity Time   
  By Kenneth L. Clarkson, David P. Woodruff  
  Journal of the (JACM)  
 Back to the top    
 Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Digital Assyriology - Advances in Visual Cuneiform Analysis   
  By Bartosz Bogacz, Hubert Mara  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 On Assisting and Automatizing the Semantic Segmentation of Masonry Walls   
  By Gaia Pavoni, Francesca Giuliani, Anna De Falco, Massimiliano Corsini, Federico Ponchio, Marco Callieri, Paolo Cignoni  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 User Experience Research, Experience Design, and Evaluation Methods for Museum Mixed Reality Experience   
  By Yi, Ji Hyun; Kim, Hae Sun  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Single Image Façade Segmentation and Computational Rephotography of House Images using Deep Learning   
  By Ali, Dilawar; Verstockt, Steven; Weghe, Nico  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Use of Tools: UX Principles for Interactive Narrative Authoring Tools   
  By Green, Daniel; Hargood, Charlie; Charles, Fred  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Computer vision tagging The Metropolitan Museum of Art’s collection: a comparison of three systems   
  By Villaespesa, Elena; Crider, Seth  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Machine Learning Based Assembly of Fragments of Ancient Papyrus   
  By Roy Abitbol, Ilan Shimshoni, Jonathan Ben-Dov  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 FastCat: Collaborative Data Entry and Curation for Semantic Interoperability in Digital Humanities   
  By Pavlos Fafalios, Kostas Petrakis, Georgios Samaritakis, Korina Doerr, Athina Kritsotaki, Yannis Tzitzikas, Martin Doerr  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 The Effects of VR Environments on the Acceptance, Experience and Expectations of Cultural Heritage Learning   
  By Eugene Ch’ng, Yue Li profile, Shengdan Cai, Fui-Theng Leow  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Development of an Augmented Reality Tour Guide for a Cultural Heritage Site   
  By Seungbum Koo, Jinyoung Kim, Changhyuk Kim, Jeeyeop Kim, and Hee Sung Cha  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Gloss, Color, and Topography Scanning for Reproducing a Painting’s Appearance Using 3D Printing   
  By Willemijn Elkhuizen, Tessa Essers, Yu Song, Jo Geraedts, Clemens Weijkamp, Joris Dik, and Sylvia Pont  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Digital Augmentation of Historical Objects Through Tangible Interaction   
  By Elena Not, Dario Cavada, Stefano Maule, Anna Pisetti, Adriano Venturini  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Computer Algorithm for Archaeological Projectile Points Automatic Classification   
  By Fernando Castillo Flores, Francisco García Ugalde, José Luis punzo Díaz, Jesús Zarco Navarro, Alfonso Gastelum-strozzi, María Del pilar Angeles, and Mariko Nakano Miyatake  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Egocentric Visitors Localization in Cultural Sites   
  By Francesco Ragusa, Antonino Furnari, Sebastiano Battiato, Giovanni Signorello, Giovanni Maria Farinella  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Segmentation, Reconstruction, and Visualization of Ancient Inscriptions in 2.5D   
  By Philip Sapirstein  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Digital Editions of Text: Surveying User Requirements in the Digital Humanities   
  By Greta Franzini, Melissa Terras, Simon Mahony  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Did We Just Travel to the Past? Building and Evaluating With Cultural Presence Different Modes of VR-Mediated Experiences in Virtual Archaeology   
  By Laia Pujol-Tost  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Communicating Museum Collections Information Online: Analysis of the Philosophy of Communication Extending the Constructivist Approach   
  By Ion Gil-Fuentetaja, Maria Economou  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Computer-Assisted Orientation and Drawing of Archaeological Pottery   
  By Josef Wilczek, Fabrice Monna, Ahmed Jébrane, Catherine Labruère Chazal, Nicolas Navarro, Sébastien Couette, Carmela Chateau Smith  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 CHER-Ob: A Tool for Shared Analysis and Video Dissemination   
  By Zeyu Wang, Weiqi Shi, Kiraz Akoglu, Eleni Kotoula, Ying Yang, Holly Rushmeier  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Ambient Information Visualisation and Visitors' Technology Acceptance of Mixed Reality in Museums   
  By Ramy Hammady, Minhua Ma, Carl Strathearn  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Thresholds: Embedding Virtual Reality in the Museum   
  By Paul Tennent, Sarah Martindale, Steve Benford, Dimitrios Darzentas, Pat Brundell, Mat Collishaw  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 A Data-Driven Approach For Architectural History knowledge. Capturing buildings’ construction events for historical research collaboration   
  By Prof. Patricia Ferreira-Lopes  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 The Balance of Attention: The Challenges of Creating Locative Cultural Storytelling Experiences   
  By David E. Millard, Heather Packer, Yvonne Howard, Charlie Hargood  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 SIAT : Tunisian Archaeological Information Systems   
  By Ameni Yengui, Mahmoud Neji  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 War video games: edu-communicative platforms to develop critical thinking against war?   
  By M. Esther Del-Moral, Christian RodrÍguez-GonzÁlez  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Building Semantic Metadata for Historical Archives through an Ontology-driven User Interface   
  By Annamaria Goy, Davide Colla, Diego Magro, Cristina Accornero, Fabrizio Loreto, Daniele Paolo Radicioni  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 From Immersion’s Bleeding Edge to the Augmented Telegrapher: A Method for Creating Mixed Reality Games for Museum and Heritage Contexts   
  By Tanya Krzywinska, Tim Phillips, Alcwyn Parker, Michael James Scott  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Art for Space   
  By Massimo Franceschet  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 A Conceptual Framework for Designing Virtual Heritage Environment for Cultural Learning   
  By Nazrita Ibrahim, Nazlena Mohamad Ali  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 ARIADNE: A Research Infrastructure for Archaeology   
  By Carlo Meghini, Roberto Scopigno, Julian Richards, Holly Wright, Guntram Geser, Sebastian Cuy  
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH)  
 Back to the top    
 Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 A Voltage Controlled Oscillation based ADC Design for Computation-in-Memory Architectures Using Emerging ReRAMs   
  By Mahta Mayahinia, Abhairaj Singh, Christopher Bengel, Stefan Wiefels, Muath A. Lebdeh, Stephan Menzel, Dirk J. Wouters, Anteneh Gebregiorgis, Rajendra Bishnoi, Rajiv Joshi,  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Towards a truly integrated vector processing unit for memory-bound applications based on a cost-competitive Computational SRAM design solution   
  By Maha Kooli, Antoine Heraud, Henri-Pierre Charles, Bastien Giraud, Roman Gauchi, Mona Ezzadeen, Kevin Mambu, Valentin Egloff, Jean-Philippe Noel  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 RT-RCG: Neural Network and Accelerator Search Towards Effective and Real-time ECG Reconstruction from Intracardiac Electrograms   
  By Yongan Zhang, Anton Banta, Yonggan Fu, Mathews M. John, Allison Post, Mehdi Razavi, Joseph Cavallaro, Behnaam Aazhang, Yingyan Lin  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 A Modular End-to-End Framework for Secure Firmware Updates on Embedded Systems   
  By Solon Falas, Charalambos Konstantinou, Maria K. Michael  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Low-Overhead Hardware Supervision for Securing an IoT Bluetooth-enabled Device: Monitoring Radio Frequency and Supply Voltage   
  By Abdelrahman Elkanishy, Paul M. Furth, Derrick T. Rivera, Ahameed A. Badawy  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 OpenQL : A Portable Quantum Programming Framework for Quantum Accelerators   
  By N. Khammassi, I. Ashraf, J. V. Someren, R. Nane, A. M. Krol, M. A. Rol, L. Lao, K. Bertels, C. G. Almudever  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 A Resource-Efficient Embedded Iris Recognition System Using Fully Convolutional Networks   
  By Hokchhay Tann, Heng Zhao, Sherief Reda  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Near Zero-Energy Computation Using Quantum-dot Cellular Automata   
  By Frank Sill Torres, Philipp Niemann, Robert Wille, Rolf Drechsler  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 On-the-Fly Page Migration and Address Reconciliation for Heterogeneous Memory Systems   
  By Mahzabeen Islam, Shashank Adavally, Marko Scrbak, Krishna Kavi  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Heterogeneous Scheduling of Deep Neural Networks for Low-power Real-time Designs   
  By Colin Shea, and Tinoosh Mohsenin  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Hardware Optimizations of Dense Binary Hyperdimensional Computing: Rematerialization of Hypervectors, Binarized Bundling, and Combinational Associative Memory   
  By Manuel Schmuck, Luca Benini, and Manuel Schmuck  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Application and Thermal-reliability-aware Reinforcement Learning Based Multi-core Power Management   
  By Sai Manoj Pudukotai Dinakarrao, Arun Joseph, Anand Haridass, Muhammad Shafique, Jörg Henkel, and Sai Manoj Pudukotai Dinakarrao  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Low-Cost Stochastic Hybrid Multiplier for Quantized Neural Networks   
  By Bingzhe Li, M. Hassan Najafi, David J. Lilja  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Hardware-Software Co-design to Accelerate Neural Network Applications   
  By Mohsen Imani, Ricardo Garcia, Saransh Gupta, Tajana Rosing  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 LiwePMS: A Lightweight Persistent Memory with Wear-aware Memory Management   
  By Sumin Li, Kaixin Huang, Linpeng Huang, Jiashun Zhu  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Neural Network Classifiers Using a Hardware-Based Approximate Activation Function with a Hybrid Stochastic Multiplier   
  By Bingzhe Li, Yaobin Qin, Bo Yuan, David J. Lilja  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Limit of Hardware Solutions for Self-Protecting Fault-Tolerant NoCs   
  By Ahmed Louri, Jacques Collet, Avinash Karanth  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Design Space Exploration of 3D Network-on-Chip: A Sensitivity-based Optimization Approach   
  By Dongjin Lee, Sourav Das, Dae Hyun Kim, Janardhan Rao Doppa, Partha Pratim Pande  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 System-Level Analysis of 3D ICs with Thermal TSVs   
  By Ayed Alqahtani, Zongqing Ren, Jaeho Lee, Nader Bagherzadeh  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 CSMO-DSE: Fast and Precise Application-Driven DSE Guided by Criticality and Sensitivity Analysis   
  By Lei Wang, Yu Deng, Rui Gong, Wei Shi, Li Luo, Yongwen Wang  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 A Memristor-Based Compressive Sampling Encoder with Dynamic Rate Control for Low-power Video Streaming   
  By Fengyu Qian, Yanping Gong, Lei Wang  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Mitigate Parasitic Resistance in Resistive Crossbar-based Convolutional Neural Networks   
  By Fan Zhang, Miao Hu  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Write back energy optimization for STT-MRAM based last level cache with data pattern characterization   
  By Jiacheng Ni, Keren Liu, Bi Wu, Weisheng Zhao, Yuanqing Cheng, Xiaolong Zhang, Ying Wang  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 ASIE: An Asynchronous SNN Inference Engine for AER Events Processing   
  By Ziyang Kang, Lei Wang, Shasha Guo, Rui Gong, Shiming Li, Yu Deng, Weixia Xu  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Device-Aware Circuit Design for Robust Memristive Neuromorphic Systems with STDP-based Learning   
  By Sagarvarma Sayyaparaju, Md Musabbir Adnan, Sherif Amer, Garrett S. Rose  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Hardware Security in Spin-Based Computing-In-Memory: Analysis, Exploits, and Mitigation Techniques   
  By Xueyan Wang, Jienlei Yang, Yinglin Zhao, Xiaotao Jia, Gang Qu, Weisheng Zhao  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 QCOR: A Language Extension Specification for the Heterogeneous Quantum-Classical Model of Computation   
  By Tiffany M. Mintz, Alexander J. McCaskey, Eugene F. Dumitrescu, Shirley V. Moore, Sarah Powers, Pavel Lougovski  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Towards on-node machine learning for ultra-low-power sensors using asynchronous Σ∆ streams   
  By Patricia Gonzalez-Guerrero, Tommy Tracy II, Xinfei Guo, Rahul Sreekumar, Marzieh Lenjani, Kevin Skadron, Mircea R. Stan  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Hardware Trojan Attack in Embedded Memory   
  By Xinmu Wang, Tamzidul Hoque, Abhishek Basak, Robert Karam, Wei Hu, Maoyuan Qin, Dejun Mu, Swarup Bhunia  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Dynamic Behavior Predictions for Fast and Efficient Hybrid STT-MRAM Caches   
  By Nour Sayed, Longfei Mao, Mehdi B. Tahoori  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 A Review, Classification, and Comparative Evaluation of Approximate Arithmetic Circuits   
  By Honglan Jiang, Cong Liu, Leibo Liu, Fabrizio Lombardi, Jie Han  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Automated Quantum Circuit Synthesis and Cost Estimation for the Binary Welded Tree Oracle   
  By Mrityunjay Ghosh, Amlan Chakrabarti, Niraj K. Jha  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Optical Overlay NUCA: A High-Speed Substrate for Shared L2 Caches   
  By Eldhose Peter, Anuj Arora, Janibul Bashir, Akriti Bagaria, Smruti R. Sarangi  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Energy-Efficient and Improved Image Recognition with Conditional Deep Learning   
  By Priyadarshini Panda, Abhronil Sengupta, Kaushik Roy  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Memory-Centric Reconfigurable Accelerator for Classification and Machine Learning Applications   
  By Robert Karam, Somnath Paul, Ruchir Puri, Swarup Bhunia  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 A Survey of Techniques for Architecting Processor Components Using Domain-Wall Memory   
  By Sparsh Mittal  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 One-Step Sneak-Path Free Read Scheme for Resistive Crossbar Memory   
  By Yao Wang, Liang Rong, Haibo Wang, Guangjun Wen  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 MiC: Multi-level Characterization and Optimization of GPGPU Kernels   
  By Qixiao Liu, Zhifeng Chen, Zhibin Yu  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Trading Accuracy for Energy in Stochastic Circuit Design   
  By Armin Alaghi, Wei-Ting J. Chan, John P. Hayes, Andrew B. Kahng, Jiajia Li  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Password-Authenticated Group Key Exchange: A Cross-Layer Design   
  By Yuexin Zhang, Yang Xiang, Xinyi Huang  
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC)  
 Back to the top    
 Proceedings of the on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT)  
 Glabella: Continuously Sensing Blood Pressure Behavior using an Unobtrusive Wearable Device   
  By Christian Holz, Edward J. Wang  
  Proceedings of the on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT)  
 LoRa Backscatter: Enabling The Vision of Ubiquitous Connectivity   
  By Vamsi Talla, Mehrdad Hessar, Bryce Kellogg, Ali Najafi, Joshua R. Smith, Shyamnath Gollakota  
  Proceedings of the on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT)  
 InvisibleEye: Mobile Eye Tracking Using Multiple Low-Resolution Cameras and Learning-Based Gaze Estimation   
  By Marc Tonsen, Julian Steil, Yusuke Sugano, Andreas Bulling  
  Proceedings of the on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT)  
 UbiEar: Bringing Location-independent Sound Awareness to the Hard-of-hearing People with Smartphones   
  By Liu Sicong, Zhou Zimu, Du Junzhao, Shangguan Longfei, Jun Han, Xin Wang Xidian University  
  Proceedings of the on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT)  
 Detecting Gaze Towards Eyes in Natural Social Interactions and Its Use in Child Assessment   
  By Eunji Chong, Katha Chanda, Zhefan Ye, Audrey Southerland, Nataniel Ruiz, Rebecca M. Jones, Agata Rozga, James M. Rehg  
  Proceedings of the on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT)  
 RFID Light Bulb: Enabling Ubiquitous Deployment of Interactive RFID Systems   
  By Jeremy Gummeson, James Mccann, Chouchang, Damith Ranasinghe, Scott Hudson, Alanson Sample  
  Proceedings of the on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Accessibility Information Needs in the Enterprise   
  By Sharon Snider, Willie L. Scott II, and Shari Trewin  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Deep Learning Compensation of Rotation Errors During Navigation Assistance for People with Visual Impairments or Blindness   
  By Dragan Ahmetovic, Sergio Mascetti, Cristian Bernareggi, João Guerreiro, Uran Oh, and Chieko Asakawa  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Find and Seek: Assessing the Impact of Table Navigation on Information Look-up with a Screen Reader   
  By Kristin Williams, Taylor Clarke, Steve Gardiner, John Zimmerman, Anthony Tomasic  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 NavCog3 in the Wild: Large-scale Blind Indoor Navigation Assistant with Semantic Features   
  By Daisuke Sato, Uran Oh, João Guerreiro, Dragan Ahmetovic, Kakuya Naito, Hironobu Takagi, Kris M. Kitani, Chieko Asakawa  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Tradeoffs in the Efficient Detection of Sign Language Content in Video Sharing Sites   
  By Caio D. D. Monteiro, Frank M. Shipman, Satyakiran Duggina, Ricardo Gutierrez-Osuna  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Design of a Haptic-Gripper Virtual Reality System (Hg) for Analyzing Fine Motor Behaviors in Children with Autism   
  By Huan Zhao, Zhaobo Zheng, Amy Swanson, Amy Weitlauf, Zachary Warren, Nilanjan Sarkar  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 WeAllWalk: An Annotated Dataset of Inertial Sensor Time Series from Blind Walkers   
  By Germán H. Flores, Roberto Manduchi  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Evaluation of Language Feedback Methods for Student Videos of American Sign Language   
  By Matt Huenerfauth, Elaine Gale, Brian Penly, Sree Pillutla, Mackenzie Willard, Dhananjai Hariharan  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Regression Analysis of Demographic and Technology-Experience Factors Influencing Acceptance of Sign Language Animation   
  By Hernisa Kacorri, Matt Huenerfauth, Sarah Ebling, Kasmira Patel, Kellie Menzies, Mackenzie Willard  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 ACE: A Colour Palette Design Tool for Balancing Aesthetics and Accessibility   
  By Garreth W. Tigwell, David R. Flatla, Neil D. Archibald  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Skin Conductance as an In Situ Marker for Emotional Arousal in Children with Neurodevelopmental Communication Impairments: Methodological Considerations and Clinical Implications   
  By Mariana Aparicio Betancourt, Laura S. Dethorne, Karrie Karahalios, Jennifer G. Kim  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Frontside Versus Backside Laser Injection: A Comparative Study   
  By Stephan De Castro, Jean-Max Dutertre, Bruno Rouzeyre, Giorgio Di Natale, Marie-Lise Flottes  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Improving the Accessibility of Mobile OCR Apps Via Interactive Modalities   
  By Michael Cutter, Roberto Manduchi  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Inclusive improvisation: exploring the line between listening and playing music   
  By Alon Ilsar, Gail Kenning, Sam Trolland, Ciaran Frame  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Understanding How Sensory Changes Experienced by Individuals with a Range of Age-Related Cognitive Changes can Effect Technology Use   
  By Emma Dixon, Jesse Anderson, Amanda Lazar  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Comic Spin: A Comic Creation Tool Enabling Self-Expression for People with Aphasia   
  By Carla Tamburro, Timothy Neate, Abi Roper, Stephanie Wilson  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Addressing Accessibility Barriers in Programming for People with Visual Impairments: A Literature Review   
  By Aboubakar Mountapmbeme, Obianuju Okafor, Stephanie Ludi  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Career Interview Readiness in Virtual Reality (CIRVR): A Platform for Simulated Interview Training for Autistic Individuals and Their Employers   
  By Deeksha Adiani, Aaron Itzkovitz, Dayi Bian, Harrison Katz, Michael Breen, Spencer Hunt, Amy Swanson, Timothy J. Vogus, Joshua Wade, Nilanjan Sarkar  
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Algorithms (TALG)  
 Cache-Oblivious Buffer Heap and Cache-Efficient Computation of Shortest Paths in Graphs   
  By Rezaul A. Chowdhury, Vijaya Ramachandran  
  Transactions on Algorithms (TALG)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Applied Perception (TAP)  
 The effects on driving behavior when using a head-mounted display in a dynamic driving simulator   
  By Björn Blissing, Fredrik Bruzelius, Olle Eriksson  
  Transactions on Applied Perception (TAP)  
 Is Photorealism Important for Perception of Expressive Virtual Humans in Virtual Reality?   
  By Katja Zibrek, Sean Martin, Rachel McDonnell  
  Transactions on Applied Perception (TAP)  
 Keep It Simple: Depth-based Dynamic Adjustment of Rendering for Head-mounted Displays Decreases Visual Comfort   
  By Jochen Jacobs, Xi Wang, Marc Alexa  
  Transactions on Applied Perception (TAP)  
 A Checkpoint of Research on Parallel I/O for High-Performance Computing   
  By Jonathan W. Kelly, Lucia A. Cherep, Brenna Klesel, Zachary D. Siegel, Seth George  
  Transactions on Applied Perception (TAP)  
 Spatio-Temporal Matching for Urban Transportation Applications   
  By David Moffat, Joshua D. Reiss  
  Transactions on Applied Perception (TAP)  
 Evaluating the Use of Sound in Static Program Comprehension   
  By Lewis Berman, Keith Gallagher, Suzanne Kozaitis  
  Transactions on Applied Perception (TAP)  
 The Perceptual Consequences of Curved Screens   
  By Marina Zannoli, Martin S. Banks  
  Transactions on Applied Perception (TAP)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Exploiting SIMD Asymmetry in ARM-to-x86 Dynamic Binary Translation   
  By Yu-Ping Liu, Ding-Yong Hong, Jan-Jan Wu, Sheng-Yu Fu, Wei-Chung Hsu  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 ITAP: Idle-Time-Aware Power Management for GPU Execution Units   
  By Mohammad Sadrosadati, Seyed Borna Ehsani, Hajar Falahati, Rachata Ausavarungnirun, Arash Tavakkol, Mojtaba Abaee, Lois Orosa, Yaohua Wang, Hamid Sarbazi-Azad, Onur Mutlu  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Extreme-Scale High-Order WENO Simulations of 3-D Detonation Wave with 10 Million Cores   
  By Ying Cai, Yulong Ao, Chao Yang, Wenjing Ma, Haitao Zhao  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 NUMA-Caffe: NUMA-Aware Deep Learning Neural Networks   
  By Probir Roy, Shuaiwen Leon Song, Sriram Krishnamoorthy, Abhinav Vishnu, Dipanjan Sengupta, Xu Liu  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Efficient and Scalable Graph Parallel Processing With Symbolic Execution   
  By Long Zheng, Xiaofei Liao, Hai Jin  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Extending Moore’s Law via Computationally Error-Tolerant Computing   
  By Bobin Deng, Sriseshan Srikanth, Eric R. Hein, Thomas M. Conte  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Improving Energy Efficiency of Coarse-Grain Reconfigurable Arrays Through Modulo Schedule Compression/Decompression   
  By Hochan Lee, Mansureh S. Moghaddam, Dongkwan Suh, Bernhard Egger  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 DawnCC: Automatic Annotation for Data Parallelism and Offloading   
  By Gleison Mendonça, Breno Guimarães, Péricles Alves, Márcio Pereira, Guido Araújo, Fernando Magno Quintão Pereira  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Main Memory in HPC: Do We Need More or Could We Live with Less?   
  By Darko Zivanovic, Milan Pavlovic, Milan Radulovic, Hyunsung Shin, Jongpil Son, Sally A. Mckee  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 ALEA: A Fine-Grained Energy Profiling Tool   
  By Lev Mukhanov, Pavlos Petoumenos, Zheng Wang, Nikos Parasyris, Dimitrios S. Nikolopoulos, Bronis R. De Supinski  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 LD: Low-Overhead GPU Race Detection Without Access Monitoring   
  By Pengcheng Li, Xiaoyu Hu, Dong Chen, Jacob Brock, Hao Luo, Eddy Z. Zhang  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Main Memory in HPC   
  By Darko Zivanovic Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Barcelona, Spain Milan Pavlovic Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Barcelona, Spain Milan Radulovic, Hyunsung Shin, Jongpil Son, Sally A. Mckee, Paul M. Carpenter, Petar Radojković, Eduard Ayguadé  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Accelerating Intercommunication in Highly Parallel Systems   
  By Nikolaos Tampouratzis, Pavlos M. Mattheakis, Ioannis Papaefstathiou  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Designing a Tunable Nested Data-Parallel Programming System   
  By Saurav Muralidharan, Michael Garland, Albert Sidelnik, Mary Hall  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 UMH: A Hardware-Based Unified Memory Hierarchy for Systems with Multiple Discrete GPUs   
  By Amir Kavyan Ziabari, Yifan Sun, Yenai Ma, Dana Schaa, José L. Abellán, Rafael Ubal  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Optimizing Affine Control With Semantic Factorizations   
  By Christophe Alias, Alexandru Plesco  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Power Consumption Models for Multi-Tenant Server Infrastructures   
  By Matteo Ferroni, Andrea Corna, Andrea Damiani, Rolando Brondoli, Juan A. Colmenares, Steven Hofmeyr, John D. Kubiatowicz, Marco D. Santambrogio  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 ReDirect: Reconfigurable Directories for Multicore Architectures   
  By George Patsilaras,James Tuc  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 An Architecture for Integrated Near-Data Processors   
  By Erik Vermij, Leandro Fiorin, Rik Jongerius, Christoph Hagleitner, Jan Van Lunteren, Koen Bertels Delft  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Extending Halide to Improve Software Development for Imaging DSPs   
  By Sander Vocke, Henk Corporaal, Roel Jordans, Rosilde Corvino, Rick Nas  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 SWITCHES: A Lightweight Runtime for Dataflow Execution of Tasks on Many-Cores   
  By Andreas Diavastos, Pedro Trancoso  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 A Case for Intra-Rack Resource Disaggregation in HPC   
  By George Michelogiannakis, Benjamin Klenk, Brandon Cook, Min Yee Teh, Madeleine Glick, Larry Dennison, Keren Bergman, John Shalf  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Task-RM: A resource manager for energy reduction in task-parallel applications under quality of service constraints   
  By M. Waqar Azhar, Miquel Pericàs, Per Stenström  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 HeapCheck: Low-Cost Hardware-Support for Memory-Safety   
  By Gururaj Saileshwar, Rick Boivie, Tong Chen, Benjamin Segal, Alper Buyuktosunoglu  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 CIB-HIER: Centralized Input Buffer Design in Hierarchical High-Radix Routers   
  By Cunlu Li, Dezun Dong, Shazhou Yang, Xiangke Liao, Guangyu Sun, Yongheng Liu  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Monolithically Integrating Non-Volatile Main Memory Over the Last-Level Cache   
  By Candace Walden, Devesh Singh, Meenatchi Jagasivamani, Shang Li, Luyi Kang, Mehdi Asnaashari, Sylvain Dubois, Bruce Jacob, Donald Yeung  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Configurable Multi-directional Systolic Array Architecture for Convolutional Neural Networks   
  By Rui Xu, Sheng Ma, Yaohua Wang, Xinhai Chen, Yang Guo  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 The Next 700 Accelerated Layers: From Mathematical Expressions of Network Computation Graphs to Accelerated GPU Kernels, Automatically   
  By Nicolas Vasilache, Oleksandr Zinenko, Theodoros Theodoridis, Priya Goyal, Zachary Devito, William S. Moses, Sven Verdoolaege, Andrew Adams, Albert Cohen  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Optimizing Remote Communication in X10   
  By Arun Thangamani, V Krishna Nandivada  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 DCMI: A Scalable Strategy for Accelerating Iterative Stencil Loops on FPGAs   
  By Mostafa Koraei, Omid Fatemi, Magnus Jahre  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Enabling Highly Efficient Batched Matrix Multiplications on SW26010 Many-core Processor   
  By LijuanJiang, Choa Yang, Wenjing Ma  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Dynamic Colocation Policies with Reinforcement Learning   
  By Yuhao Li, Dan Sun, Benjamin Lee  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Application-specific arithmetic in high-level synthesis tools   
  By Yohann Uguen, Florent Dinechin, Victor Lezaud, Steven Derrien, Florent De Dinechin profile imageFlorent De Dinechin, Victor Lezaud profile imageVictor Lezaud, Steven Derrien profile imageSteven Derrien  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Cooperative Sofware-Hardware Acceleration of K-means on a Tightly-Coupled CPU-FPGA System   
  By Tarek Abdelrahman  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Exploring an Alternative Cost Function for Combinatorial Register-Pressure-Aware Instruction Scheduling   
  By Ghassan Shobaki, Austin Kerbow, Christopher Pulido, William Dobson  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 A Conflict-Free Scheduler for High Performance Graph Processing on Multi-Pipeline FPGAs   
  By Qinggang Wang, Long Zheng, Jieshan Zhao, Xiaofei Liao, Hai Jin, Jingling Xue  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 EchoBay: Design and Optimization of Echo State Networks under Memory and Time Constraints   
  By L. Cerina, M. D. Santambrogio, G. Franco, C. Gallicchio, A. Micheli  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Securing Branch Predictors With Two-Level Encryption   
  By Jaekyu Lee, Yasuo Ishii, Dam Sunwoo  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Network Interface Architecture for Remote Indirect Memory Access (RIMA) in Datacenters   
  By Jiachen Xue, T. N. Vijaykumar, Mithuna Thottethodi  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Reliability Analysis for Unreliable FSM Computations   
  By Amir Hossein Nodehi Sabet, Junqiao Qiu, Zhijia Zhao, Sriram Krishnamoorthy  
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Arabic Word Sense Disambiguation for Information Retrieval   
  By Mohammed Alaeddine Abderrahim, Mohammed El-Amine Abderrahim  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Investigating the Effect of Preprocessing Arabic Text on Offensive Language and Hate Speech Detection   
  By Fatemah Husain, Ozlem Uzuner  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Interactive Gated Decoder for Machine Reading Comprehension   
  By Yiming Cui, Wanxiang Che, Ziqing Yang, Ting Liu, Bing Qin, Shijin Wang, Guoping Hu  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Handwritten annotation spotting in printed documents using top-down visual saliency models   
  By Shilpa Pandey, Gaurav Harit  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Improving Deep Learning based Automatic Speech Recognition for Gujarati   
  By Deepang Raval, Vyom Pathak, Muktan Patel, Brijesh Bhatt  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Legal Judgment Elements Extraction Approach with Law Article-aware Mechanism   
  By Hu Zhang, Bangze Pan, Ru Li  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Multilingual Offensive Language Identification for Low-resource Languages   
  By Tharindu Ranasinghe, Marcos Zampieri  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Event Graph Neural Network for Opinion Target Classification of Microblog Comments   
  By Yan Xiang, Zhengtao Yu, Junjun Guo, Yuxin Huang, Yantuan Xian  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 An Effective Approach for Rumor Detection of Arabic Tweets Using eXtreme Gradient Boosting Method   
  By Abdu Gumaei, Mabrook S. Al-Rakhami, Mohammad Mehedi Hassan, Victor Hugo C. De Albuquerque, David Camacho  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 A Multi-Classification Sentiment Analysis Model of Chinese Short Text Based on Gated Linear Units and Attention Mechanism   
  By Lei Liu, Hao Chen, Yinghong Sun  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 BYANJON: A Ground Truth Preparation System for Online Handwritten Bangla Documents   
  By Shibaprasad Sen, Ankan Bhattacharyya, Ram Sarkar, Kaushik Roy  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Bi-directional Long Short-Term Memory Model with Semantic Positional Attention for the Question Answering System   
  By Mingwen Bi, Qingchuan Zhang, Min Zuo, Zelong Xu, Qingyu Jin  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Research on pre-training method and generalization ability of big data recognition model of the internet of things   
  By Junyang Tan, Dan Xia, Shiyun Dong, Honghao Zhu, Binshi Xu  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 A Hybrid CNN-LSTM: A Deep learning approach for consumer sentiment analysis using qualitative user-generated contents   
  By Praphula Kumar Jain, Vijayalakshmi Saravanan, Rajendra Pamula  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 SE4ExSum: An Integrated Semantic-aware Neural Approach with Graph Convolutional Network for Extractive Text Summarization   
  By Tham Vo  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Toward an Effective Igbo Part-of-Speech Tagger   
  By Ikechukwu E. Onyenwe, Mark Hepple, Uchechukwu Chinedu, Ignatius Ezeani  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 A Sense Annotated Corpus for All-Words Urdu Word Sense Disambiguation   
  By Ali Saeed, Rao Muhammad Adeel Nawab, Mark Stevenson, Paul Rayson  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Word Segmentation for Burmese Based on Dual-Layer CRFs   
  By Shaoning Zhang, Cunli Mao, Zhengtao Yu, Hongbin Wang, Zhongwei Li, Jiafu Zhang  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Wikipedia-Based Relatedness Measurements for Multilingual Short Text Clustering   
  By Tatsuya Nakamura, Masumi Shirakawa, Takahiro Hara, Shojiro Nishio  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Conducting Natural Language Inference with Word-Pair-Dependency and Local Context   
  By Qianlong Du, Chengqing Zong, Keh-Yih Su  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Neural Conversation Generation with Auxiliary Emotional Supervised Model   
  By Guangyou Zhou, Yizhen Fang, Yehong Peng, Jiaheng Lu  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Order-Sensitive Keywords based Response Generation in Open-domain Conversational Systems   
  By Qingfu Zhu, Weinan Zhang, Lei Cui, Ting Liu  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Enhanced Language Modeling with Proximity and Sentence Relatedness Information for Extractive Broadcast News Summarization   
  By Shih-Hung Liu, Kuan-Yu Chen, Berlin Chen  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Subword Attentive model for Arabic Sentiment Analysis: A deep learning approach   
  By Majdi Beseiso, Haytham Elmousalami  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Loanword Identification in Low-resource Languages With Minimal Supervision   
  By Chenggang Mi, Lei Xie, Yanning Zhang  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Learning to Recommend Related Entities With Serendipity for Web Search Users   
  By Jizhou Huang, Shiqiang Ding, Haifeng Wang, Ting Liu  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Corpus-based Translation Induction in Indian Languages using Auxiliary Language Corpora from Wikipedia   
  By Goutham Tholpadi, Chiranjib Bhattacharyya, Shirish Shevade  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Implicit Discourse Relation Recognition for English and Chinese with Multiview Modeling and Effective Representation Learning   
  By Haoran Li, Jiajun Zhang, Chengqing Zong  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Boosted Web Named Entity Recognition via Tri-Training   
  By Chien-Lung Chou, Chia-Hui Chang, Ya-Yun Huang  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Minimally Supervised Chinese Event Extraction from Multiple Views   
  By Peifeng Li, Guodong Zhou, Qiaoming Zhu  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 A Discourse-Based Approach for Arabic Question Answering   
  By Jawad Sadek, Farid Meziane  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 A Position-Aware Language Modeling Framework for Extractive Broadcast News Speech Summarization   
  By Shih-Hung Liu, Kuan-Yu, Yu-Lun Hsieh, Berlin Chen, Hsin-Min Wang, Hsu-Chun Yen, Wen-Lian Hsu  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Incorporating Multi-Level User Preference into Document-Level Sentiment Classification   
  By Junjie Li, Haoran Li, Xiaomian Kang, Haitong Yang, Chengqing Zong  
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS)  
 Loosening Control - A Hybrid Approach to Controlling Heterogeneous Swarms   
  By Lukas Esterle, David W. King  
  Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS)  
 An Autonomous System for Efficient Control of PTZ Cameras   
  By Sina G. Davani, Musab S. Al-Hadrusi, Nabil J. Sarhan  
  Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS)  
 Gist Trace-based Learning: Efficient Convention Emergence from Multilateral Interactions   
  By Shuyue Hu, Chin-Wing Leung, Ho-Fung Leung, Jiamou Liu  
  Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS)  
 Human Feedback as Action Assignment in Interactive Reinforcement Learning   
  By Syed Ali Raza, Mary-Anne Williams  
  Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS)  
 SecRET: Secure Range-based Localization with Evidence Theory for Underwater Sensor Networks   
  By Sudip Misra, Tamoghna Ojha, Madhusoodhanan P  
  Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS)  
 Supporting Dynamic Workflows with Automatic Extraction of Goals from BPMN   
  By Luca Sabatucci, and Massimo Cossentino  
  Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS)  
 SOD: Making Smartphone Smart on Demand with Radio Interface Management   
  By Marco Brocanelli, Xiaorui Wang  
  Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Computational Logic (TOCL)  
 Asynchronous Announcements   
  By Philippe Balbiani, Hans van Ditmarsch, Saúl Fernández González  
  Transactions on Computational Logic (TOCL)  
 Extending Liquid Types to Arrays   
  By Manuel Montenegro, Susana Nieva, Ricardo Peña, Clara Segura  
  Transactions on Computational Logic (TOCL)  
 Fast Query Answering over Existential Rules   
  By Nicola Leone, Marco Manna, Giorgio Terracina, Pierfrancesco Veltri  
  Transactions on Computational Logic (TOCL)  
 A Hoare Logic for GPU Kernels   
  By Kensuke Kojima, Atsushi Igarashi  
  Transactions on Computational Logic (TOCL)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS)  
 ROME: All Overlays Lead to Aggregation, but Some Are Faster than Others   
  By Marcel Blöcher, Emilio Coppa, Pascal Kleber, Patrick Eugster, William Culhane, Masoud Saeida Ardekani  
  Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS)  
 Mitigating Load Imbalance in Distributed Data Serving with Rack-Scale Memory Pooling   
  By Stanko Novakovic, Alexandros Daglis, Dmitrii Ustiugov, Edouard Bugnion, Babak Falsafi, Boris Grot  
  Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS)  
 Derecho: Fast State Machine Replication for Cloud Services   
  By Sagar Jha, Jonathan Behrens, Theo Gkountouvas, Matthew Milano, Weijia Song, Edward Tremel, Robbert Van Renesse, Sydney Zink, Kenneth P. Birman  
  Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS)  
 Supercloud: A Library Cloud for Exploiting Cloud Diversity   
  By Zhiming Shen, Qin Jia, Gur-Eyal Sela, Weijia Song, Hakim Weatherspoon, Robbert Van Renesse  
  Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Making Maps Available for Play: Analyzing the Design of Game Cartography Interfaces   
  By Z O. Toups, Nicolas Lalone, Sultan A. Alharthi, Hitesh Nidhi Sharma, and Andrew M. Webb  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Designing Meaningful Products in the Digital Age: How Users Value Their Technological Possessions   
  By Daniel Orth, Clementine Thurgood, and Elise Van Den Hoven  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Reducing Perceived Waiting Time in Theme Park Queues via an Augmented Reality Game   
  By Fabio Zambetta, William Raffe, Marco Tamassia, Florian ’Floyd‚ Mueller, Xiaodong Li, Niels Quinten, Rakesh Patibanda, Daniel Dang, and Jon Satterley  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 PIV: Placement, Pattern, and Personalization of an Inconspicuous Vibrotactile Breathing Pacer   
  By Pardis Miri, Robert Flory, Andero Uusberg, Heather Culbertson, Richard H. Harvey, Agata Kelman, Davis Erik Peper, James J. Gross, Katherine Isbister, Pardis Miri,  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Enact: Reducing Designer–Developer Breakdowns When Prototyping Custom Interactions   
  By Germán Leiva, Nolwenn Maudet, Wendy Mackay, Michel Beaudouin, -, Lafon  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Understanding the Role of Interactive Machine Learning in Movement Interaction Design   
  By Marco Gillies  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Interactive Sports Analytics: An Intelligent Interface for Utilizing Trajectories for Interactive Sports Play Retrieval and Analytics   
  By Long Sha, Patrick Lucey, Yisong Yue, Xinyu Wei, Jennifer Hobbs, Charlie Rohlf, Sridha Sridharan  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 It’s Complicated: The Relationship between User Trust, Model Accuracy and Explanations in AI   
  By Andrea Papenmeier, Dagmar Kern, Gwenn Englebienne, Christin Seifert  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Iterative Design and Prototyping of Computer Vision Mediated Remote Sighted Assistance   
  By Jingyi Xie, Madison Reddie, Sooyeon Lee, Syed Masum Billah, Zihan Zhou, Chun-Hua Tsai, John M. Carroll  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Towards Individuated Reading Experiences: Different Fonts Increase Reading Speed for Different Individuals   
  By Shaun Wallace, Zoya Bylinskii, Jonathan Dobres, Bernard Kerr, Sam Berlow, Rick Treitman, Nirmal Kumawat, Kathleen Arpin, Dave B. Miller, Jeff Huang  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Can Computers Outperform Humans in Detecting User Zone-Outs? Implications for Intelligent Interfaces   
  By Nigel Bosch, Sidney K. D'Mello  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Exploring the Design Space for Human-Food-Technology Interaction: An Approach from the Lens of Eating Experiences   
  By Tom Gayler, Corina Sas, Vaiva Kalnikaitė  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Design and Evaluation of Accessible Collaborative Writing Techniques for People with Vision Impairments   
  By Maitraye Das, Anne Marie Piper, Darren Gergle  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Speculative design as a collaborative practice: Ameliorating the consequences of illiteracy through digital touch   
  By Sarah Rüller, Konstantin Aal, Peter Tolmie, Andrea Hartmann, Markus Rohde, Volker Wulf  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Generative Theories of Interaction   
  By Michel Beaudouin-Lafon, Susanne Bødker, Wendy E. Mackay  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Towards a Unified and Efficient Command Selection Mechanism for Touch-Based Devices Using Soft Keyboard Hotkeys   
  By Katherine Fennedy, Angad Srivastava, Sylvain Malacria, Simon T. Perrault  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Remote VR Studies - A Framework for Running Virtual Reality Studies Remotely Via Participant-Owned HMDs   
  By Rivu Radiah, Ville Mäkelä, Sarah Prange, Sarah Delgado Rodriguez, Robin Piening, Yumeng Zhou, Kay Köhle, Ken Pfeuffer, Yomna Abdelrahman, Matthias Hoppe, Albrecht Schmidt, Florian Alt  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Cracks in the Success Narrative: Rethinking Failure in Design Research Through a Retrospective Trioethnography   
  By Noura Howell, Audrey Desjardins, Sarah Fox  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 TimeToFocus: Feedback on Interruption Durations Discourages Distractions and Shortens Interruptions   
  By Judith Borghouts, Duncan P. Brumby, Anna L. Cox  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 It’s All in the Timing: Principles of Transient Distraction Illustrated with Vibrotactile Tasks   
  By Christopher L. Asplund, Takashi Obana, Parag Bhatnagar, Xun Quan Koh, Simon T. Perrault  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Disclosure, Privacy, and Stigma on Social Media: Examining Non-Disclosure of Distressing Experiences   
  By Nazanin Andalibi  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Translations and Boundaries in the Gap Between HCI Theory and Design Practice   
  By Raphael Velt, Steve Benford, Stuart Reeves  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Software Tools for Model-Based Analysis of Critical User Interfaces: a Comparative Study   
  By José Creissac Campos, Camille Fayollas, Michael D. Harrison, Célia Martinie, Paolo Masci, Philippe Palanque  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 The Editor's Spotlight: TOCHI Issue 23:2   
  By K. Hinckley  
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Computing Education (TOCE)  
 Promoting Privacy Considerations in Real-world Projects in Capstone Courses with Ideation Cards   
  By Ying Tang, Morgan L. Brockman, Sameer Patil  
  Transactions on Computing Education (TOCE)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 MARS: Assisting Human with Information Processing Tasks Using Machine Learning   
  By Cong Shen, Zhaozhi Qian, Alihan Huyuk, Mihaela Van Der Schaar  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Embedding Temporal Convolutional Networks for Energy-Efficient PPG-Based Heart Rate Monitoring   
  By Alessio Burrello, Daniele Jahier Pagliari, Pierangelo Maria Rapa, Matilde Semilia, Matteo Risso, Tommaso Polonelli, Massimo Poncino, Luca Benini, Simone Benatti  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Non-Invasive Techniques for Monitoring Different Aspects of Sleep: A Comprehensive Review   
  By Zawar Hussain, Quan Z. Sheng, Wei Emma Zhang, Jorge Ortiz, Seyedamin Pouriyeh  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 GeCoAgent: a Conversational Agent for Empowering Genomic Data Extraction and Analysis   
  By Pietro Crovari, Sara Pidò, Pietro Pinoli, Anna Bernasconi, Arif Canakoglu, Franca Garzotto, Stefano Ceri  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Domain-Specific Language Model Pretraining for Biomedical Natural Language Processing   
  By Yu Gu, Robert Tinn, Hao Cheng, Michael Lucas, Naoto Usuyama, Xiaodong Liu, Tristan Naumann, Jianfeng Gao, Hoifung Poon  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Adaptively Weighted Top-N Recommendation for Organ Matching   
  By Parshin Shojaee, Xiaoyu Chen, Ran Jin  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Enabling Cost-Effective Population Health Monitoring By Exploiting Spatiotemporal Correlation: An Empirical Study   
  By Dawei Chen, Jiangtao Wang, Wenjie Ruan, Qiang Ni, Sumi Helal  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Data-driven Context Detection Leveraging Passively Sensed Nearables for Recognizing Complex Activities of Daily Living   
  By Ali Akbari, Reese Grimsley, Roozbeh Jafari  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Security and Privacy Requirements for Electronic Consent: A Systematic Literature Review   
  By Stef Verreydt, Koen Yskout, Wouter Joosen  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Generalized and Efficient Skill Assessment from IMU Data with Applications in Gymnastics and Medical Training   
  By Aftab Khan, Sebastian Mellor, Rachel King, Balazs Janko, William Harwin, R. Simon Sherratt, Ian Craddock, Thomas Plötz  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Creating and Evaluating Chatbots as Eligibility Assistants for Clinical Trials: An Active Deep Learning Approach towards User-centered Classification   
  By Ching-Hua Chuan, Susan Morgan  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Mobile and Wearable Sensing Frameworks for mHealth Studies and Applications: A Systematic Review   
  By Devender Kumar, Steven Jeuris, Jakob E. Bardram, Nicola Dragoni  
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 SUMMER: Bias-aware Prediction of Graduate Employment Based on Educational Big Data   
  By Feng Xia, Teng Guo, Xiaomei Bai, Adrian Shatte, Zitao Liu, Jiliang Tang  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 A Text-based Deep Reinforcement Learning Framework using Self-supervised Graph Representation for Interactive Recommendation   
  By Chaoyang Wang, Zhiqiang Guo, Jianjun Li, Guohui Li, Peng Pan  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 Differentially Private Deep Learning with Iterative Gradient Descent Optimization   
  By Xiaofeng Ding, Lin Chen, Pan Zhou, Wenbin Jiang, Hai Jin  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 A Unified Framework for Robust and Efficient Hotspot Detection in Smart Cities   
  By Yiqun Xie, Shashi Shekhar  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 Task Allocation in Hybrid Big Data Analytics for Urban IoT Applications   
  By Weilong Ding, Zhuofeng Zhao, Jianwu Wang, Han Li  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 Mapping Road Safety Features from Streetview Imagery: A Deep Learning Approach   
  By Arpan Man Sainju, Zhe Jiang  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 Data-driven Bus Crowding Prediction Models Using Context-specific Features   
  By Tahereh Arabghalizi, Alexandros Labrinidis  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 Asterisk: Generating Large Training Datasets with Automatic Active Supervision   
  By Mona Nashaat, Aindrila Ghosh, James Miller, Shaikh Quader  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 HandiText: Handwriting Recognition based on Dynamic Characteristics with Incremental LSTM   
  By Liming Fang, Hongwei Zhu, Boqing Lv, Zhe Liu, Weizhi Meng, Yu Yu, Shouling Ji, Zehong Cao  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 Towards Translating Raw Indoor Positioning Data into Mobility Semantics   
  By Huan Li, Hua Lu, Gang Chen, Ke Chen, Qinkuang Chen, Lidan Shou  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 Effective Discovery of Meaningful Outlier Relationships   
  By Aline Bessa, Juliana Freire, Tamraparni Dasu, Divesh Srivastava  
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 Unified Route Planning for Shared Mobility: An Insertion-based Framework   
  By Yongxin Tong, Yuxiang Zeng, Zimu Zhou, Lei Chen, Ke Xu  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 Sampling a Near Neighbor in High Dimensions ---Who is the Fairest of Them All?   
  By Martin Aumüller, Sariel Har-Peled, Sepideh Mahabadi, Rasmus Pagh, Francesco Silvestri  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 Height Optimized Tries   
  By Robert Binna, Eva Zangerle, Martin Pichl, Günther Specht, Viktor Leis  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 Balancing expressiveness and inexpressiveness in view design   
  By Michael Benedikt, Pierre Bourhis, Louis Jachiet, Efthymia Tsamoura  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 On Directed Densest Subgraph Discovery   
  By Chenhao Ma, Yixiang Fang, Reynold Cheng, Laks V. S. Lakshmanan, Wenjie Zhang, Xuemin Lin  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 Stream Data Cleaning under Speed and Acceleration Constraints   
  By Shaoxu Song, Fei Gao, Aoqian Zhang, Jianmin Wang, Philip S. Yu  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 SkinnerDB: Regret-Bounded Query Evaluation via Reinforcement Learning   
  By Immanuel Trummer, Junxiong Wang, Ziyun Wei, Deepak Maram, Samuel Moseley, Saehan Jo, Joseph Antonakakis, Ankush Rayabhari  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 Error Bounded Line Simplification Algorithms for Trajectory Compression: An Experimental Evaluation   
  By Xuelian Lin, Shuai Ma, Jiahao Jiang, Yanchen Hou, Tianyu Wo  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 TriAL: A Navigational Algebra for RDF Triplestores   
  By Leonid Libkin, uan L. Reutter Pontifica, Adrián Soto, Domagoj Vrgoč  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 Query Nesting, Assignment, and Aggregation in SPARQL 1.1   
  By Mark Kaminski, Egor V. Kostylev, Bernardo Cuenca Grau  
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 A Compact High-Dimensional Yield Analysis Method using Low-Rank Tensor Approximation   
  By Xiao Shi, Hao Yan, Qiancun Huang, Chengzhen Xuan, Lei He, Longxing Shi  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Leveraging Automatic High-Level Synthesis Resource Sharing to Maximize Dynamical Voltage Overscaling with Error Control   
  By Prattay Chowdhury, Benjamin Carrion Schafer  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 MeF-RAM: A New Non-Volatile Cache Memory Based on Magneto-Electric FET   
  By Shaahin Angizi, Navid Khoshavi, Andrew Marshall, Peter Dowben, Deliang Fan  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Towards Fine-Grained Online Adaptive Approximation Control for Dense SLAM on Embedded GPUs   
  By Tiancong Bu, Kaige Yan, Jingweijia Tan  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Leveraging Automatic High-Level Synthesis Resource Sharing to maximize Dynamical Voltage Overscaling with Error Control   
  By Prattay Chowdhury, Benjamin Carrion Schafer  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Double-Shift: A Low-Power DNN Weights Storage and Access Framework based on Approximate Decomposition and Quantization   
  By Ming Han, Ye Wang, Jian Dong, Gang Qu  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 A Native SPICE Implementation of Memristor Models for Simulation of Neuromorphic Analog Signal Processing Circuits   
  By Bo Li, Guoyong Shi  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Fault Injection Attack Emulation Framework for Early Evaluation of IC Designs   
  By Qiang Liu, Honghui Tang, Peiran Zhang  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Analog/RF Post-silicon Tuning via Bayesian Optimization   
  By Renjian Pan, Jun Tao, Yangfeng Su, Dian Zhou, Xuan Zeng, Xin Li  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Memristive Crossbar Mapping for Neuromorphic Computing Systems on 3D IC   
  By Qi Xu, Hao Geng, Song Chen, Bei Yu, Feng Wu  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Harnessing the Granularity of Micro-Electrode-Dot-Array Architectures for optimizing Droplet Routing in Biochips   
  By Pushpita Roy, Ansuman Banerjee, Robert Wille, Bhargab B. Bhattacharya  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Instruction-Level Abstraction (ILA): A Uniform Specification for System-on-Chip (SoC) Verification   
  By Bo-Yuan Huang, Hongce Zhang, Pramod Subramanyan, Yakir Vizel, Aarti Gupta, and Sharad Malik  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Optimization of Threshold Logic Networks with Node Merging and Wire Replacement   
  By Yung-Chih Chen, Li-Cheng Zheng, and Fu-Lian Wong  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Runtime Stress Estimation for Three-dimensional IC Reliability Management Using Artificial Neural Network   
  By Hai Wang, Tao Xiao, Darong Huang, Lang Zhang, Chi Zhang, He Tang, and Yuan Yuan  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Energy Efficient Chip-to-Chip Wireless Interconnection for Heterogeneous Architectures   
  By Sri Harsha Gade, M. Meraj Ahmed, Sujay Deb, Amlan Ganguly  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Reducing DRAM Refresh Rate Using Retention Time Aware Universal Hashing Redundancy Repair   
  By Kyu Hyun Choi, Jaeyung Jun, Minseong Kim, Seon Wook Kim  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Improving Test and Diagnosis Efficiency through Ensemble Reduction and Learning   
  By Hongfei Wang, Kun He  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 CAD-Base: An Attack Vector into the Electronics Supply Chain   
  By Kanad Basu, Samah Mohamed Saeed, Christian Pilato, Mohammed Ashraf, Mohammed Thari Nabeel, Krishnendu Chakrabarty, Ramesh Karri  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Cross-point Resistive Memory: Nonideal Properties and Solutions   
  By Chengning Wang, Dan Feng, Wei Tong, Jingning Liu, Zheng Li, Jiayi Chang, Yang Zhang, Bing Wu, Jie Xu, Wei Zhao, Yilin Li, Ruoxi Ren  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 An Optimized Cost Flow Algorithm to Spread Cells in Detailed Placement   
  By Jucemar Monteiro, Marcelo Johann, Laleh Behjat  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Augmenting Operating Systems with OpenCL Accelerators   
  By Chia-Heng Tu, Te-Sheng Lin  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 A Hardware-Efficient Block Matching Algorithm and Its Hardware Design for Variable Block Size Motion Estimation in Ultra-High-Definition Video Encoding   
  By Jianwei Zheng, Chao Lu, Jiefeng Guo, Deming Chen, Donghui Guo  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Reconfigurable Battery Systems: A Survey on Hardware Architecture and Research Challenges   
  By Shaheer Muhammad, M. Usman Rafique, Shuai Li, Zili Shao, Qixin Wang, Xue Liu  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Integrated Latch Placement and Cloning for Timing Optimization   
  By Jinwook Jung, Gi-Joon Nam, Woohyun Chung, Youngsoo Shin  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Detection Mechanisms for Unauthorized Wireless Transmissions   
  By Doohwang Chang, Ganapati Bhat, Umit Ogras, Bertan Bakkaloglu, Sule Ozev  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Instinctive Assistive Indoor Navigation using Distributed Intelligence   
  By Md Muztoba, Rohit Voleti, Fatih Karabacak, Jaehyun Park, Umit Y. Ogras `  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Harvesting Row-Buffer Hits via Orchestrated Last-Level Cache and DRAM Scheduling for Heterogeneous Multicore Systems   
  By Yang Song, Olivier Alavoine, Bill Lin  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 A Hierarchical HVAC Control Scheme for Energy-Aware Smart Building Automation   
  By Rajib Lochan Jana, Soumyajit Dey, Pallab Dasgupta  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Towards Smarter Diagnosis: A Learning-based Diagnostic Outcome Previewer   
  By Qicheng Huang, Chenlei Fang, Soumya Mittal, R. D. (Shawn) Blanton  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Machine Learning-Based Defect Coverage Boosting of Analog Circuits under Measurement Variations   
  By Nektar Xama, Martin Andraud, Jhon Gomez, Baris Esen, Wim Dobbelaere,Ronny Vanhooren, Anthony Coyette, Georges Gielen  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Reconfigurable Network-on-Chip Security Architecture   
  By Subodha Charles, Prabhat Mishra  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 An Efficient Flash Translation Layer for MLC NAND Flash Memory   
  By Chenlin Ma, Yi Wang,Zhaoyan Shen,Renhai Chen,Zhu Wang, Zili Shao  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Energy-Efficient GPU L2 Cache Design using Instruction Level Data Locality Similarity   
  By Jingweijia Tan, Kaige Yan, Shuaiwen Leon Song, Xin Fu  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Modular Neural Networks for Low-Power Image Classification on Embedded Devices   
  By Abhinav Goel, Sara Aghajanzadeh, Caleb Tung, Shuo-Han Chen, George K. Thiruvathukal, Yung-Hsiang Lu  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Generating Representative Test Sequences from Real Workload for Minimizing DRAM Verification Overhead   
  By Yoonah Paik, Seon Wook Kim, Dongha Jung, Minseong Kim  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Machine-Learning Assisted PUF Calibration for Trustworthy Proof of Sensor Data in IoT   
  By Urbi Chatterjee, Soumi Chatterjee, Debdeep Mukhopadhyay, Rajat Subhra Chakraborty  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Ising-FPGA: A Spintronics-based Reconfigurable Ising Model Solver   
  By Ankit Mondal, Ankur Srivastava  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 A Deterministic-Path Routing Algorithm for Tolerating Many Faults on Very-Large-Scale Network-on-Chip   
  By Ying Zhang, Xinpeng Hong, Zhongsheng Chen, Zebo Peng, Jianhui Jiang  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Exploring Energy-Efficient Cache Design in Emerging Mobile Platforms   
  By Kaige Yan, Lu Peng, Mingsong Chen, Xin Fu  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Test Modification for Reduced Volumes of Fail Data   
  By Irith Pomeranz, M. Enamul Amyeen, Srikanth Venkataraman  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Incremental Layer Assignment for Timing Optimization   
  By Derong Liu, Bei Yu, Salim Chowdhury, David Z. Pan  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 CDTA: A Comprehensive Solution for Counterfeit Detection, Traceability, and Authentication in the IoT Supply Chain   
  By Kun Yang, Domenic Forte, Mark M. Tehranipoor  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Content-Aware Bit Shuffling for Maximizing PCM Endurance   
  By Miseon Han, Youngsun Han, Seon Wook Kim, Hokyoon Lee, Il Park  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 SSAGA: SMs Synthesized for Asymmetric GPGPU Applications   
  By Shamik Saha, Prabal Basu, Chidhambaranathan Rajamanikkam, Aatreyi Bal, Koushik Chakraborty, Sanghamitra Roy  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Adaptive Test for RF/Analog Circuit Using Higher Order Correlations among Measurements   
  By Yanjun Li, Ender Yilmaz, Pete Sarson, Sule Ozev  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 A Cross-level Verification Methodology for Digital IPs Augmented with Embedded Timing Monitors   
  By Sara Vinco, Nicola Bombieri, Daniele Jahier Pagliari, Franco Fummi, Enrico Macii, Massimo Poncino  
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Read Refresh Scheduling and Data Reallocation against Read Disturb in SSDs   
  By Jianwei Liao, Jun Li, Mingwang Zhao, Zhibing Sha, Zhigang Cai  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Minimizing Stack Memory for Partitioned Mixed-Criticality Scheduling on Multiprocessor Platforms   
  By Qingling Zhao, Mengfei Qu, Zonghua Gu, Haibo Zeng  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 An Energy-Efficient DRAM Cache Architecture for Mobile Platforms with PCM-based Main Memory   
  By Dongsuk Shin, Hakbeom Jang, Kiseok Oh, Jae W. Lee  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 DirectNVM: Hardware-Accelerated NVMe SSDs for High-Performance Embedded Computing   
  By Yu Zou, Amro Awad, Mingjie Lin  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Telomere: Real-Time NAND Flash Storage   
  By Katherine Missimer, Manos Athanassoulis, Richard West  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 IoT-Fog-Cloud centric Earthquake Monitoring and Prediction   
  By Kanika Saini, Sheetal Kalra, Sandeep K. Sood  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Hardware Acceleration for Embedded Keyword Spotting: Tutorial and Survey   
  By J. S. P. Giraldo, Marian Verhelst  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Adaptive Computation Reuse for Energy-Efficient Training of Deep Neural Networks   
  By Jason Servais, Ehsan Atoofian  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 A Distributed Real-Time Scheduling System for Industrial Wireless Networks   
  By Venkata P. Modekurthy, Abusayeed Saifullah, Sanjay Madria  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Reliability-Aware Scheduling and Routing for Messages in Time-Sensitive Networking   
  By Yuanbin Zhou, Soheil Samii, Petru Eles, Zebo Peng  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 A composable monitoring system for heterogeneous embedded platforms   
  By Giacomo Valente, Tiziana Fanni, Carlo Sau, Tania Di Mascio, Luigi Pomante, Francesca Palumbo  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 BBB-CFI: Lightweight CFI Approach Against Code-Reuse Attacks Using Basic Block Information   
  By Wenjian He, Sanjeev Das, Wei Zhang, Yang Liu  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Design and Implementation of an Escape Analysis in the Context of Safety-Critical Embedded Systems   
  By Clemens Lang, Isabella Stilkerich  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Optimizing Deep Learning Inference on Embedded Systems Through Adaptive Model Selection   
  By Vicent Sanz Marco, Ben Taylor, Zheng Wang, Yehia Elkhatib  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 NQA: A Nested Anti-collision Algorithm for RFID Systems   
  By Xiaokang Wang, Laurence T. Yang, Hongguo Li, Man Lin, Jianjun Han, Bernady O. Apduhan  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 A Task Failure Rate Aware Dual-Channel Solar Power System for Nonvolatile Sensor Nodes   
  By Fang Su, Yongpan Liu, Xiao Sheng, Hyung Gyu Lee, Naehyuck Chang, Huazhong Yang  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 A Lightweight and Secure Data Collection Serverless Protocol Demonstrated in an Active RFIDs Scenario   
  By Amina Cherif, Malika Belkadi, Damien Sauveron  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Design-Level and Code-Level Security Analysis of IoT Devices   
  By Farid Molazem Tabrizi, Karthik Pattabiraman  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Compact and Flexible FPGA Implementation of Ed25519 and X25519   
  By Furkan Turan, Ingrid Verbauwhede  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Can Android Run on Time? Extending and Measuring the Android Platform's Timeliness   
  By Yin Yan, Girish Gokul, Karthik Dantu, Steven Y. Ko, Lukasz Ziarek, Jan Vitek  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 GroupSense: Recognizing and Understanding Group Physical Activities using Multi-Device Embedded Sensing   
  By Amin B. Abkenar, Seng W. Loke, Arkady Zaslavsky, Wenny Rahayu  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Cache Reconfiguration Using Machine Learning for Vulnerability-aware Energy Optimization   
  By Alif Ahmed, Yuanwen Huang, Prabhat Mishra  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Single- and Multi-FPGA Acceleration of Dense Stereo Vision for Planetary Rovers   
  By George Lentaris, Konstantinos Maragos, Dimitrios Soudris, Xenophon Zabulis, Manolis Lourakis  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 FPGA Implementation of the ECC Over GF(2 m  ) for Small Embedded Applications   
  By Salah Harb, Moath Jarrah  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 A See-through-Wall System for Device-Free Human Motion Sensing Based on Battery-Free RFID   
  By Zhongqin Wang, Fu Xiao, Ning Ye, Ruchuan Wang, Panlong Yang  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Efficient, Long-Term Logging of Rich Data Sensors Using Transient Sensor Nodes   
  By Andres Gomez, Lukas Sigrist, Thomas Schalch, Luca Benini, Lothar Thiele  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Predictive Retransmissions for Intermittently Connected Sensor Networks with Transmission Diversity   
  By MD. Majharul Islam Rajib, Asis Nasipuri  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Exploiting Stable Data Dependency in Stream Processing Acceleration on FPGAs   
  By Yuliang Sun, Lanjun Wang, Chen Wang, Yu Wang  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 A PUF-Based Secure Communication Protocol for IoT   
  By Urbi Chatterjee, Rajat Subhra Chakraborty, Debdeep Mukhopadhyay  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Collaborative PCA/DCA Learning Methods for Compressive Privacy   
  By Sun-Yuan Kung, Thee Chanyaswad, J. Morris Chang, Peiyuan Wu  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Energy-Aware Memory Mapping for Hybrid FRAM-SRAM MCUs in Intermittently-Powered IoT Devices   
  By Hrishikesh Jayakumar, Arnab Raha, Jacob R. Stevens, Vijay Raghunathan  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Optimal Power Management with Guaranteed Minimum Energy Utilization for Solar Energy Harvesting Systems   
  By Rehan Ahmed, Bernhard Buchli, Stefan Draskovic, Lukas Sigrist, Pratyush Kumar, Lothar Thiele  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 The Design and Implementation of the Synchronous Language CÉU   
  By Francisco Sant'anna, Roberto Ierusalimschy, Noemi Rodriguez, Silvana Rossetto, Adriano Branco  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Formal Model-Based Synthesis of Application-Specific Static RTOS   
  By Kabland Toussaint Gautier Tigori, Jean-Luc Béchennec, Sébastien Faucou, Olivier Henri Roux  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 A Principled Approach to Secure Multi-core Processor Design with ReWire   
  By Adam Procter, William L. Harrison, Ian Graves, Michela Becchi, Gerard Allwein  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Detecting Software Cache Coherence Violations in MPSoC Using Traces Captured on Virtual Platforms   
  By Marcos Aurélio Pinto Cunha, Omayma Matoussi, Frédéric Pétrot  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Non-interference in Partial Order Models   
  By Béatrice Bérard, Loïc Hélouët, John Mullins  
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Co-Optimization of Design and Fabrication Plans for Carpentry   
  By Haisen Zhao, Max Willsey, Amy Zhu, Chandrakana Nandi, Zachary Tatlock, Justin Solomon, Adriana Schulz  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 HRBF-Fusion: Accurate 3D Reconstruction from RGB-D Data Using On-the-Fly Implicits   
  By Yabin Xu, Liangliang Nan, Laishui Zhou, Jun Wang, Charlie C. L. Wang  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Optimal Dual Schemes for Adaptive Grid Based Hexmeshing   
  By Marco Livesu, Luca Pitzalis, Gianmarco Cherchi  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Ensemble Metropolis Light Transport   
  By Thomas Bashford-Rogers, Luís Paulo Santos, Demetris Marnerides, Kurt Debattista  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 PCEDNet : A Lightweight Neural Network for Fast and Interactive Edge Detection in 3D Point Clouds   
  By Chems-Eddine Himeur, Thibault Lejemble, Thomas Pellegrini, Mathias Paulin, Loic Barthe, Nicolas Mellado  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 GCN-Denoiser: Mesh Denoising with Graph Convolutional Networks   
  By Yuefan Shen, Hongbo Fu, Zhongshuo Du, Xiang Chen, Evgeny Burnaev, Denis Zorin, Kun Zhou, Youyi Zheng  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Thallo – Scheduling for High-Performance Large-Scale Non-Linear Least-Squares Solvers   
  By Michael Mara, Felix Heide, Michael Zollhöfer, Matthias Nießner, Pat Hanrahan  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Free-viewpoint Indoor Neural Relighting from Multi-view Stereo   
  By Julien Philip, Sébastien Morgenthaler, Michaël Gharbi, George Drettakis  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Manipulating Attributes of Natural Scenes via Hallucination   
  By Levent Karacan, Zeynep Akata, Aykut Erdem, Erkut Erdem  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 A System for Efficient 3D Printed Stop-motion Face Animation   
  By Rinat Abdrashitov, Alec Jacobson, Karan Singh  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Deep Iterative Frame Interpolation for Full-frame Video Stabilization   
  By Jinsoo Choi, In So Kweon  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Non-line-of-sight Imaging with Partial Occluders and Surface Normals   
  By Felix Heide, Matthew O’Toole, Kai Zang, David B. Lindell, Steven Diamond, Gordon Wetzstein  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Coding Scheme Optimization for Fast Fluorescence Lifetime Imaging   
  By Jongho Lee, Jenu Varghese Chacko, Bing Dai, Syed Azer Reza, Abdul Kader Sagar, Kevin W. Eliceiri, Andreas Velten, Mohit Gupta  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 VoroCrust: Voronoi Meshing Without Clipping   
  By Ahmed Abdelkader, Chandrajit L. Bajaj, Mohamed S. Ebeida, Ahmed H. Mahmoud, Scott A. Mitchell  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Complete Classification and Efficient Determination of Arrangements Formed by Two Ellipsoids   
  By Xiaohong Jia, Changhe Tu, Bernard Mourrain, Wenping Wang  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 A Class of C2 Interpolating Splines   
  By Cem Yuksel  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Capturing Subjective First-Person View Shots with Drones for Automated Cinematography   
  By Amirsaman Ashtari, Stefan Stevšić, Tobias Nägeli, Jean-Charles Bazin, Otmar Hilliges  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Kinetic Shape Reconstruction   
  By Jean-Philippe Bauchet, Florent Lafarge  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Natural Boundary Conditions for Smoothing in Geometry Processing   
  By Oded Stein, Eitan Grinspun, Max Wardetzky, Alec Jacobson  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Precomputed Panel Solver for Aerodynamics Simulation   
  By Haoran Xie, Takeo Igarashi, Kazunori Miyata  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Appearance Modeling via Proxy-to-Image Alignment   
  By Hui Huang Shenzhen, Ke Xie Shenzhen, Lin Ma Shenzhen, Dani Lischinsk, Minglun Gong, Xin Tong, Daniel Cohen-Or  
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 Where to Next? The Impact of COVID-19 on Human-Robot Interaction Research   
  By David Feil-Seifer, Kerstin S. Haring, Silvia Rossi, Alan R. Wagner, and Tom Williams  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 Robots Learning to Say “No”: Prohibition and Rejective Mechanisms in Acquisition of Linguistic Negation   
  By Frank Förster, Joe Saunders, Hagen Lehmann, and Chrystopher L. Nehaniv  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 Robot Expressive Motions: A Survey of Generation and Evaluation Methods   
  By Gentiane Venture, Dana Kulić  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 When Exceptions Are the Norm: Exploring the Role of Consent in HRI   
  By Vasanth Sarathy, Thomas Arnold, Matthias Scheutz  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 Curiosity Did Not Kill the Robot: A Curiosity-based Learning System for a Shopkeeper Robot   
  By Malcolm Doering, Phoebe Liu, Dylan F. Glas, Takayuki Kanda, Dana Kulić, Hiroshi Ishiguro  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 A Diagnostic Human Workload Assessment Algorithm for Collaborative and Supervisory Human--Robot Teams   
  By Jamison Heard, Rachel Heald, Caroline E. Harriott, Julie A. Adams  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 What Do Older Adults and Clinicians Think About Traditional Mobility Aids and Exoskeleton Technology?   
  By Merel M. Jung, Geke D. S. Ludden  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 Empathic Robot for Group Learning: A Field Study   
  By Patrícia Alves-Oliveira, Pedro Sequeira, Francisco S. Melo, Ginevra Castellano, Ana Paiva  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 Planning with Verbal Communication for Human-Robot Collaboration   
  By Stefanos Nikolaidis, Minae Kwon, Jodi Forlizzi, Siddhartha Srinivasa  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 Tracking Anthropomorphizing Behavior in Human-Robot Interaction   
  By Kerstin Fischer  
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Relevance Feedback: The Whole Is Inferior to the Sum of Its Parts   
  By Fiana Raiber, and Oren Kurland  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Modeling Embedding Dimension Correlations via Convolutional Neural Collaborative Filtering   
  By Xiaoyu Du, Xiangnan He, Fajie Yuan, Jinhui Tang, Zhiguang Qin, and Tat-Seng Chua  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Question Answering in Knowledge Bases: A Verification Assisted Model with Iterative Training   
  By Richong Zhang, Yue Wang, Yongyi Mao, and Jinpeng Huai  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Brotli: A General-Purpose Data Compressor   
  By Jyrki Alakuijala, Andrea Farruggia, Paolo Ferragina, Eugene Kliuchnikov, Robert Obryk, Zoltan Szabadka, Lode Vandevenne  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Seed-Guided Topic Model for Document Filtering and Classification   
  By Chenliang Li, Shiqian Chen, Jian Xing, Aixin Sun, Zongyang Ma  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Binary Sketches for Secondary Filtering   
  By Vladimir Mic, David Novak, Pavel Zezula  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Attentive Long Short-Term Preference Modeling for Personalized Product Search   
  By Yangyang Guo, Zhiyong Cheng, Liqiang Nie, Yinglong Wang, Jun Ma, Mohan Kankanhalli  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 A Context-Aware User-Item Representation Learning for Item Recommendation   
  By Libing Wu, Cong Quan, Chenliang Li, Qian Wang, Bolong Zheng, Xiangyang Luo  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 On Annotation Methodologies for Image Search Evaluation   
  By Yunqiu Shao, Yiqun Liu, Fan Zhang, Min Zhang, Shaoping Ma  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Learning from Multi-annotator Data: A Noise-aware Classification Framework   
  By Xueying Zhan, Yaowei Wang, Yanghui Rao, Qing Li  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Search Result Reranking with Visual and Structure Information Sources   
  By Yiqun Liu, Junqi Zhang, Jiaxin Mao, Min Zhang, Shaoping Ma, Qi Tian, Yanxiong Lu, Leyu Lin  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 How Does Domain Expertise Affect Users’ Search Interaction and Outcome in Exploratory Search?   
  By Jiaxin Mao, Yiqun Liu, Noriko Kando, Min Zhang, Shaoping Ma  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Suggesting Points-of-Interest via Content-Based, Collaborative, and Hybrid Fusion Methods in Mobile Devices   
  By Avi Arampatzis, Georgios Kalamatianos  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Inverted Treaps   
  By Roberto Konow, Gonzalo Navarro, Charles L. A. Clarke, Alejandro López-Ortíz  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Toward Personalized Answer Generation in E-Commerce via Multi-perspective Preference Modeling   
  By Yang Deng, Yaliang Li, Wenxuan Zhang, Bolin Ding, Wai Lam  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Collaborative Graph Learning for Session-based Recommendation   
  By Zhiqiang Pan, Fei Cai, Wanyu Chen, Chonghao Chen, Honghui Chen  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Simulating and Modeling the Risk of Conversational Search   
  By Zhenduo Wang, Qingyao Ai  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Efficient Multi-modal Hashing with Online Query-Adaption for Multimedia Retrieval   
  By Lei Zhu, Chaoqun Zheng, Xu Lu, Zhiyong Cheng, Liqiang Nie, Huaxiang Zhang  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Bilateral Filtering Graph Convolutional Network for Multi-Relational Social Recommendation in the Power-Law Networks   
  By Minghao Zhao, Qilin Deng, Kai Wang, Runze Wu, Jianrong Tao, Changjie Fan, Liang Chen, Peng Cui  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 A Graph-based Approach for Mitigating Multi-sided Exposure Bias in Recommender Systems   
  By Masoud Mansoury, Himan Abdollahpouri, Mykola Pechenizkiy, Bamshad Mobasher, Robin Burke  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Hierarchical Hyperedge Embedding-Based Representation Learning for Group Recommendation   
  By Lei Guo, Hongzhi Yin, Tong Chen, Xiangliang Zhang, Kai Zheng  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 User Profiling Based on Nonlinguistic Audio Data   
  By Jiaxing Shen, Jiannong Cao, Oren Lederman, Shaojie Tang, Alex “Sandy” Pentland  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Knowledge-Guided Disentangled Representation Learning for Recommender Systems   
  By Shanlei Mu, Yaliang Li, Wayne Xin Zhao, Siqing Li, Ji-Rong Wen  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 From Users' Intentions to IF-THEN Rules in the Internet of Things   
  By Fulvio Corno, Luigi De Russis, Alberto Monge Roffarello  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Meta-Information in Conversational Search   
  By Johannes Kiesel, Lars Meyer, Martin Potthast, Benno Stein  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 A Large Scale Analysis of Mixed Initiative in Information-Seeking Dialogues for Conversational Search   
  By Svitlana Vakulenko, Evangelos Kanoulas, Maarten De Rijke  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Effects of Personalized and Aggregate Top-N Recommendation Lists on User Preference Ratings   
  By Gediminas Adomavicius, Jesse Bockstedt, Shawn Curley, Jingjing Zhang  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 End-to-End Neural Matching for Semantic Location Prediction of Tweets   
  By Paul Mousset, Yoann Pitarch, Lynda Tamine  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Graph-based Regularization on Embedding Layers for Recommendation   
  By Yuan Zhang, Fei Sun, Xiaoyong Yang, Chen Xu, Wenwu Ou, Yan Zhang  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 PONE: A Novel Automatic Evaluation Metric for Open-domain Generative Dialogue Systems   
  By Tian Lan, Xian-Ling Mao, Wei Wei, Xiaoyan Gao, Heyan Huang  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 A Critical Reassessment of the Saerens-Latinne-Decaestecker Algorithm for Posterior Probability Adjustment   
  By Andrea Esuli, Alessio Molinari, Fabrizio Sebastiani  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Meaningful Answer Generation of E-Commerce Question-Answering   
  By Shen Gao, Xiuying Chen, Zhaochun Ren, Dongyan Zhao, Rui Yan  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Explainable Product Search with a Dynamic Relation Embedding Model   
  By Qingyao Ai, Yongfeng Zhang, Keping Bi, W. Bruce Croft  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Investigating Searchers' Mental Models to Inform Search Explanations   
  By Paul Thomas, Bodo Billerbeck, Nick Craswell, Ryen W. White  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Understanding Assimilation-Contrast Effects in Online Rating Systems: Modeling, Debiasing and Applications   
  By Xiaoying Zhang, Hong Xie, Junzhou Zhao, John C. S. Lui  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Local Variational Feature-based Similarity Models for Recommending Top-N New Items   
  By Yifan Chen, Yang Wang, Xiang Zhao, Hongzhi Yin, Ilya Markov, Maarten de Rijke  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 An Enhanced Neural Network Approach to Person-Job Fit in Talent Recruitment   
  By Chuan Qin, Hengshu Zhu, Tong Xu, Chen Zhu, Chao Ma, Enhong Chen, Hui Xiong  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Emotion Dynamics of Public Opinions on Twitter   
  By Debashis Naskar, Sanasam Ranbir Singh, Durgesh Kumar, Sukumar Nandi, Eva Onaindia de la Rivaherrera  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 FNED: A Deep Network for Fake News Early Detection on Social Media   
  By Yang Liu, Yi-Fang Brook Wu  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Towards Question-Based High-Recall Information Retrieval: Locating the Last Few Relevant Documents for Technology Assisted Reviews   
  By Jie Zou, Evangelos Kanoulas  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Explaining Text Matching on Neural Natural Language Inference   
  By Youngwoo Kim, Myungha Jang, James Allan  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 A Survey on Heterogeneous One-Class Collaborative Filtering   
  By Xiancong Chen, Lin Li, Weike Pan, Zhong Ming  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Fine-grained Privacy Detection with Graph-regularized Hierarchical Attentive Representation Learning   
  By Xiaolin Chen, Xuemeng Song, Ruiyang Ren, Lei Zhu, Zhiyong Cheng, Liqiang Nie  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Using an Inverted Index Synopsis for Query Latency and Performance Prediction   
  By Nicola Tonellotto, Craig Macdonald  
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Crowdsourcing Mechanism for Trust Evaluation in CPCS Based on Intelligent Mobile Edge Computing   
  By Tian Wang, Hao Luo, Xi Zheng, and Mande Xie  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Energy-efficient Static Task Scheduling on VFI-based NoC-HMPSoCs for Intelligent Edge Devices in Cyber-physical Systems   
  By Umair Ullah Tariq, Haider Ali, Lu Liu, John Panneerselvam, and Xiaojun Zhai  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Detecting Causal Relationships in Simulation Models Using Intervention-based Counterfactual Analysis   
  By Benjamin C. Herd, and Simon Miles  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Distributed Deep Forest and its Application to Automatic Detection of Cash-Out Fraud   
  By Ya-Lin Zhang, Jun Zhou, Wenhao Zheng, Ji Feng, Longfei Li, Ziqi Liu, Ming Li, Zhiqiang Zhang, Chaochao Chen, Xiaolong Li, Yuan (Alan) Qi, Ya-Lin Zhang,  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 RecRules: Recommending IF-THEN Rules for End-User Development   
  By Fulvio Corno, Luigi De Russis, and Alberto Monge Roffarello  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Deep Reinforcement Learning for Vehicular Edge Computing: An Intelligent Offloading System   
  By Zhaolong Ning, Peiran Dong, Xiaojie Wang, Joel J. P. C. Rodrigues, and Feng Xia  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Personalized Reason Generation for Explainable Song Recommendation   
  By Guoshuai Zhao, Hao Fu, Ruihua Song, Tetsuya Sakai, Zhongxia Chen, Xing Xie, Xueming Qian  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Large-Scale Frequent Episode Mining from Complex Event Sequences with Hierarchies   
  By Xiang Ao, Haoran Shi, Jin Wang, Luo Zuo, Hongwei Li, Qing He  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Spatial Ensemble Learning for Heterogeneous Geographic Data with Class Ambiguity   
  By Zhe Jiang, Arpan Man Sainju, Yan Li, Shashi Shekhar, Joseph Knight  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 CNNs Based Viewpoint Estimation for Volume Visualization   
  By Neng Shi, Yubo Tao  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Exploiting the Value of the Center-dark Channel Prior for Salient Object Detection   
  By Chunbiao Zhu, Wenhao Zhang, Thomas H. Li, Shan Liu, Ge Li  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Location-Specific Influence Quantification in Location-Based Social Networks   
  By Ankita Likhyani, Srikanta Bedathur, Deepak P.  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Federated Machine Learning: Concept and Applications   
  By Qiang Yang, Yang Liu, Tianjian Chen, Yongxin Tong  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 A Survey of Zero-Shot Learning: Settings, Methods, and Applications   
  By Wei Wang, Vincent W. Zheng, Han Yu, Chunyan Miao  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Understanding Event Organization at Scale in Event-Based Social Networks   
  By Jason Shuo Zhang, Qin Lv  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 A Simple Baseline for Travel Time Estimation using Large-scale Trip Data   
  By Hongjian Wang, Xianfeng Tang, Yu-Hsuan Kuo, Daniel Kifer, Zhenhui Li  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Finding Semantically Valid and Relevant Topics by Association-Based Topic Selection Model   
  By Yang Gao, Yuefeng Li, Raymond Y. K. Lau, Yue Xu, Md Abul Bashar  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Homogeneity in Web Search Results: Diagnosis and Mitigation   
  By Rakesh Agrawal, Behzad Golshan, Evangelos E. Papalexakis  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 SNAP for C++: Stanford Network Analysis Platform   
  “Stanford Network Analysis Platform (SNAP) is a general purpose network analysis and graph mining library. It is written in C++ and easily scales to massive networks with hundreds of millions of nodes, and billions of edges. It efficiently manipulates large graphs, calculates structural properties, generates regular and random graphs, and supports attributes on nodes and edges.”  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Exploring Indoor White Spaces in Metropolises   
  By Xuhang Ying, Jincheng Zhang, Lichao Yan, Yu Chen, Guanglin Zhang, Minghua Chen, Ranveer Chandra  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 UMCR: User Interaction-Driven Mobile Content Retrieval   
  By Hao Yin, Wei Wang, Xu Zhang, Yongqiang Lyu, Geyong Min, Dongchao Guo  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Transfer Learning for Behavior Ranking   
  By Weike Pan, Qiang Yang, Yuchao Duan, Ben Tan, Zhong Ming  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 A Traffic Flow Approach to Early Detection of Gathering Events: Comprehensive Results   
  By Amin Vahedian Khezerlou, Xun Zhou, Lufan Li, Zubair Shafiq, Alex X. Liu, Fan Zhang  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Detecting Communities of Authority and Analyzing Their Influence in Dynamic Social Networks   
  By Belkacem Chikhaoui, Mauricio Chiazzaro, Shengrui Wang, Martin Sotir  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Robust Spammer Detection in Microblogs: Leveraging User Carefulness   
  By Hao Fu, Xing Xie, Yong Rui, Neil Zhenqiang Gong, Guangzhong Sun, Enhong Chen  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 NEAR: Neighborhood Edge AggregatoR for Graph Classification   
  By Cheolhyeong Kim, Haeseong Moon, Hyung Ju Hwang  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Algorithms for Trajectory Points Clustering in Location-based Social Networks   
  By Nan Han, Shaojie Qiao, Kun Yue, Jianbin Huang, Qiang He, Tingting Tang, Faliang Huang, Chunlin He, Chang-An Yuan  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Traveling Transporter Problem: Arranging a New Circular Route in a Public Transportation System Based on Heterogeneous Non-Monotonic Urban Data   
  By Fandel Lin, Hsun-Ping Hsieh  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Location-Centered House Price Prediction: A Multi-Task Learning Approach   
  By Guangliang Gao, Zhifeng Bao, Jie Cao, A. K. Qin, Timos Sellis  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Earth Imagery Segmentation on Terrain Surface with Limited Training Labels: A Semi-supervised Approach based on Physics-Guided Graph Co-Training   
  By Wenchong He, Arpan Man Sainju, Zhe Jiang, Da Yan, Yang Zhou  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 A Survey on Text Classification: From Traditional to Deep Learning   
  By Qian Li, Hao Peng, Jianxin Li, Congying Xia, Renyu Yang, Lichao Sun, Philip S. Yu, Lifang He  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Mining Willing-to-Pay Behavior Patterns from Payment Datasets   
  By Yu-Ting Wen, Hui-Kuo Yang, Wen-Chih Peng  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Graph Neural Networks: Taxonomy, Advances, and Trends   
  By Yu Zhou, Haixia Zheng, Xin Huang, Shufeng Hao, Dengao Li, Jumin Zhao  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Let Trajectories Speak Out the Traffic Bottlenecks   
  By Hui Luo, Zhifeng Bao, Gao Cong, J. Shane Culpepper, Nguyen Lu Dang Khoa  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Identifying Illicit Drug Dealers on Instagram with Large-scale Multimodal Data Fusion   
  By Chuanbo Hu, Minglei Yin, Bin Liu, Xin Li, Yanfang Ye  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 POLLA: Enhancing the Local Structure Awareness in Long Sequence Spatial-temporal Modeling   
  By Haoyi Zhou, Hao Peng, Jieqi Peng, Shuai Zhang, Jianxin Li  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Multi-Graph Cooperative Learning Towards Distant Supervised Relation Extraction   
  By Changsen Yuan, Heyan Huang, Chong Feng  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Route Optimization via Environment-Aware Deep Network and Reinforcement Learning   
  By Pengzhan Guo, Keli Xiao, Zeyang Ye, Wei Zhu  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Temporal Hierarchical Graph Attention Network for Traffic Prediction   
  By Ling Huang, Xing-Xing Liu, Shu-Qiang Huang, Chang-Dong Wang, Wei Tu, Jia-Meng Xie, Shuai Tang, Wendi Xie  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 "In-Network Ensemble": Deep Ensemble Learning with Diversified Knowledge Distillation   
  By Xingjian Li, Haoyi Xiong, Zeyu Chen, Jun Huan, Cheng-Zhong Xu, Dejing Dou  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Two Can Play That Game: An Adversarial Evaluation of a Cyber-alert Inspection System   
  By Ankit Shah, Arunesh Sinha, Rajesh Ganesan, Sushil Jajodia, Hasan Cam  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Deep Neighborhood Components Analysis for Visual Similarity Modeling   
  By Xueliang Liu, Xun Yang, Meng Wang, Richang Hong  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Understand Dynamic Regret with Switching Cost for Online Decision Making   
  By Yawei Zhao, Qian Zhao, Xingxing Zhang, En Zhu, Xinwang Liu, Jianping Yin  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 STARS: Defending against Sockpuppet-based Targeted Attacks on Reviewing Systems   
  By Rui Liu, Runze Liu, Andrea Pugliese, V. S. Subrahmanian  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Mapping Points of Interest through street view imagery and paid crowdsourcing   
  By Eddy Maddalena, Luis-Daniel Ibáñez, Elena Simperl  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Querying Recurrent Convoys over Trajectory Data   
  By Munkh-Erdene Yadamjav, Zhifeng Bao, Baihua Zheng, Farhana M. Choudhury, Hanan Samet  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Automatic Extraction of Behavioral Patterns for Elderly Mobility and Daily Routine Analysis   
  By Chen Li, William K. Cheung, Jiming Liu, Joseph K. Ng  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Combination Forecasting Reversion Strategy for Online Portfolio Selection   
  By Dingjiang Huang, Shunchang Yu, Bin Li, Steven C. H. Hoi, Shuigeng Zhou  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Integrate and Conquer: Double-Sided Two-Dimensional k-Means Via Integrating of Projection and Manifold Construction   
  By Chong Peng, Zhao Kang, Shuting Cai, Qiang Cheng  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 RCMC: Recognizing Crowd-Mobility Patterns in Cities Based on Location Based Social Networks Data   
  By Haytham Assem, Teodora Sandra Buda, Declan O’sullivan  
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Interactive Intelligent Systems (TiiS)  
 Conversational Context-sensitive Ad Generation with a Few Core-Queries   
  By Ryoichi Shibata, Shoya Matsumori, Yosuke Fukuchi, Tomoyuki Maekawa, Mitsuhiko Kimoto, Michita Imai  
  ACM Transactions on Interactive Intelligent Systems (TiiS)  
 When Biased Humans Meet Debiased AI: A Case Study in College Major Recommendation   
  By Clarice Wang, Kathryn Wang, Andrew Y. Bian, Rashidul Islam, Kamrun Naher Keya, James Foulds, Shimei Pan  
  ACM Transactions on Interactive Intelligent Systems (TiiS)  
 RadarSense: Accurate Recognition of Mid-air Hand Gestures with Radar Sensing and Few Training Examples   
  By Arthur Sluÿters, Sébastien Lambot, Jean Vanderdonckt, Radu-Daniel Vatavu  
  ACM Transactions on Interactive Intelligent Systems (TiiS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT)  
 A classification strategy for Internet of Things data based on the class separability analysis of time series dynamics   
  By João B. Borges, Heitor S. Ramos, Antonio A. F. Loureiro  
  Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT)  
 6TiSCH – IPv6 Enabled Open Stack IoT Network Formation: A Review   
  By Alakesh Kalita, Manas Khatua  
  Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT)  
 IoTRepair: Flexible Fault Handling in Diverse IoT Deployments   
  By Michael Norris, Z. Berkay Celik, Prasanna Venkatesh, Shulin Zhao, Patrick McDaniel, Anand Sivasubramaniam, Gang Tan  
  Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT)  
 Monitoring Runtime Metrics of Fog Manufacturing via a Qualitative and Quantitative (QQ) Control Chart   
  By Yifu Li, Lening Wang, Dongyoon Lee, Ran Jin  
  Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT)  
 Domain Adaptation with Representation Learning and Nonlinear Relation for Time Series   
  By Amir Hussein, Hazem Hajj  
  Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT)  
 Multi-scale Features Fusion for the Detection of Tiny Bleeding in Wireless Capsule Endoscopy Images   
  By Feng Lu, Wei Li, Song Lin, Chengwangli Peng, Zhiyong Wang, Bin Qian, Rajiv Ranjan, Hai Jin, Albert Y. Zomaya  
  Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT)  
 Vibration Edge Computing in Maritime IoT   
  By Anna Lito Michala, Ioannis Vourganas, Andrea Coraddu  
  Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT)  
 Non-Intrusive Distributed Tracing of Wireless IoT Devices with the FlockLab 2 Testbed   
  By Roman Trüb, Reto Da Forno, Lukas Daschinger, Andreas Biri, Jan Beutel, Lothar Thiele  
  Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 DADC: A Novel Duty-Cycling Scheme for IEEE 802.15.4 Cluster-tree based IoT Applications   
  By Nikumani Choudhury, Rakesh Matam, Mithun Mukherjee, Jaime Lloret  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 IoT-based Cloud Service for Secured Android Markets using PDG-based Deep Learning Classificatio   
  By Farhan Ullah, Muhammad Rashid Naeem, Abdullah S. Bajahzar, Fadi Al-Turjman  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 A Taxonomy of Multimedia-based Graphical User Authentication for Green Internet of things   
  By Kamran Ahmad Awan, Ikram Ud Din, Abeer Almogren, Neeraj Kumar, Ahmad Almogren  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Virtual Reality Aided High-quality 3D Reconstruction by Remote Drones   
  By Di Zhang, Feng Xu, Chi-Man Pun, Yang Yang, Rushi Lan, Liejun Wang, Yujie Li, Hao Gao  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Cloud-based network virtualization in IoT with OpenStack   
  By Zakaria Benomar, Francesco Longo, Giovanni Merlino, Antonio Puliafito  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Beyond Frequency: Utility Mining with Varied Item-specific Minimum Utility   
  By Wensheng Gan, Jerry Chun-Wei Lin, Philippe Fournier-Viger, Han-Chieh Chao, Philip S. Yu  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 The Cloud-edge-based Dynamic Reconfiguration to Service Workflow for Mobile Ecommerce Environments: A QoS Prediction Perspective   
  By Honghao Gao, Wanqiu Huang, Yucong Duan  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Overexposure-aware influence maximization   
  By Grigorios Loukides, Robert Gwadera, Shing-Wan Chang  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Efficient Distributed Decryption Scheme for IoT Gateway-based Applications   
  By Cong Peng, Jianhua Chen, Pandi Vijayakumar, Neeraj Kumar, Debiao He  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Routing in Large-scale Dynamic Networks: A Bloom Filter-based Dual-layer Scheme   
  By Weichao Gao, James Nguyen, Yalong Wu, William G. Hatcher, Wei Yu  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Optimal Receiver Placement for K-barrier Coverage in Passive Bistatic Radar Sensor Networks   
  By Jiaoyan Chen, Laurence T. Yang, Xianjun Deng, Xianggong Hong, Lingzhi Yi  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Cloud-based Enabling Mechanisms for Container Deployment and Migration at the Network Edge   
  By Zakaria Benomar, Francesco Longo, Giovanni Merlino, Antonio Puliafito  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Low-cost Security for Next-generation IoT Networks   
  By Nikolaos Athanasios Anagnostopoulos, Saad Ahmad, Tolga Arul, Daniel Steinmetzer, Matthias Hollick, Stefan Katzenbeisser  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 A Reinforcement Learning Approach to Optimize Discount and Reputation Tradeoffs in E-commerce Systems   
  By Hong Xie, Yongkun Li, John C. S. Lui  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Beyond Artificial Reality: Finding and Monitoring Live Events from Social Sensors   
  By Calton Pu, Abhijit Suprem, Rodrigo Alves Lima, Aibek Musaev, De Wang, Danesh Irani, Steve Webb, and Joao Eduardo Ferreira  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Five Challenges in Cloud-enabled Intelligence and Control   
  By Tarek Abdelzaher, Yifan Hao, Kasthuri Jayarajah, Archan Misra, Per Skarin, Shuochao Yao, Dulanga Weerakoon, and Karl-Erik Årzén  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Fog-based Secure Communications for Low-power IoT Devices   
  By Luca Ferretti, Mirco Marchetti, Michele Colajanni  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Deep Reinforcement Scheduling for Mobile Crowdsensing in Fog Computing   
  By He Li, Kaoru Ota, Mianxiong Dong  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Oops: Optimizing Operation-mode Selection for IoT Edge Devices   
  By Farzad Samie, Vasileios Tsoutsouras, Lars Bauer, Sotirios Xydis, Dimitrios Soudris, Jörg Henkel  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 A Hybrid Approach for Improving the Design Quality of Web Service Interfaces   
  By Ali Ouni, Hanzhang Wang, Marouane Kessentini, Salah Bouktif, and Katsuro Inoue  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Context-Driven and Real-Time Provisioning of Data-Centric IoT Services in the Cloud   
  By Amir Taherkordi, Frank Eliassen, Michael Mcdonald, Geir Horn  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 easIE: Easy-to-Use Information Extraction for Constructing CSR Databases From the Web   
  By Vasiliki Gkatziaki, Symeon Papadopoulos, Richard Mills, Sotiris Diplaris, Ioannis Tsampoulatidis, Ioannis Kompatsiaris  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Rotten Apples or Bad Harvest? What We Are Measuring When We Are Measuring Abuse   
  By Samaneh Tajalizadehkhoob, Rainer Böhme, Carlos Gañán, Maciej Korczyński, Michel Van Eeten  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Cyber-Physical Social Networks   
  By Christian Von Der Weth, Ashraf M. Abdul, Mohan Kankanhalli  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Characterization of Wireless Multidevice Users   
  By Aveek K. Das, Parth H. Pathak, Chen-Nee Chuah, Prasant Mohapatra  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Crowdsourced Mobile Data Transfer with Delay Bound   
  By Ngoc Do, Ye Zhao, Cheng-Hsin Hsu, Nalini Venkatasubramanian  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Internet of Things (IoT): Smart and Secure Service Delivery   
  By Elisa Bertino, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo, Dimitrios Georgakopolous, Surya Nepal  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Making Constrained Things Reachable: A Secure IP-Agnostic NAT Traversal Approach for IoT   
  By Oscar Novo  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 A Provenance-Aware Multi-dimensional Reputation System for Online Rating Systems   
  By Mohsen Rezvani, Aleksandar Ignjatovic, Elisa Bertino  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 rogressive Random Indexing: Dimensionality Reduction Preserving Local Network Dependencies   
  By Michał Ciesielczyk, Andrzej Szwabe, Mikołaj Morzy, Paweł Misiorek  
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Who will Win the Data Science Competition? Insights from KDD Cup 2019 and Beyond   
  By Hao Liu, Qingyu Guo, Hengshu Zhu, Fuzhen Zhuang, Shenwen Yang, Dejing Dou, Hui Xiong  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Intelligent Data Analysis Using Optimized Support Vector Machine Based Data Mining Approach For Tourism Industry   
  By Ms Promila Sharma, Uma Meena, Girish Kumar Sharma  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Domain-Specific Keyword Extraction using Joint Modeling of Local and Global Contextual Semantics   
  By Muhammad Abulaish, Mohd Fazil, Mohammed J. Zaki  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Multiple Graphs and Low-rank Embedding for Multi-source Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation   
  By Hanrui Wu, Michael K. Ng  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 When Less is More: Systematic Analysis of Cascade-Based Community Detection   
  By Liudmila Prokhorenkova, Alexey Tikhonov, Nelly Litvak  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Deciphering Feature Effects on Decision-Making in Ordinal Regression Problems: An Explainable Ordinal Factorization Model   
  By Mengzhuo Guo, Zhongzhi Xu, Qingpeng Zhang, Xiuwu Liao, Jiapeng  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Knowledge Distillation with Attention for Deep Transfer Learning of Convolutional Networks   
  By Xingjian Li, Haoyi Xiong, Zeyu Chen, Jun Huan, Ji Liu, Cheng-Zhong Xu, Dejing Dou  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Multiple Set Matching with Bloom Matrix and Bloom Vector   
  By Francesco Concas, Pengfei Xu, Mohammad A. Hoque, Jiaheng Lu, and Sasu Tarkoma  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Ranking from Crowdsourced Pairwise Comparisons via Smoothed Riemannian Optimization   
  By Jialin Dong, Kai Yang, Yuanming Shi  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Budget-Constrained Real-Time Bidding Optimization: Multiple Predictors Make It Better   
  By Chi-Chun Lin, Kun-Ta Chuang, Wush Chi-Hsuan Wu, Ming-Syan Chen  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 A Unified Framework with Multi-source Data for Predicting Passenger Demands of Ride Services   
  By Yuandong Wang, Xuelian Lin, Hua Wei, Tianyu Wo, Zhou Huang, Yong Zhang, and Jie Xu  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 High-Utility Itemset Mining with Effective Pruning Strategies   
  By Jimmy Ming-Tai Wu, Jerry Chun-Wei Lin, and Ashish Tamrakar  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Attention Models in Graphs: A Survey   
  By John Boaz Lee, Ryan A. Rossi, Sungchul Kim, Nesreen K. Ahmed, and Eunyee Koh  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 A Unified Multi-view Clustering Algorithm Using Multi-objective Optimization Coupled with Generative Model   
  By Sayantan Mitra, Mohammed Hasanuzzaman, and Sriparna Saha  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Adaptive Local Linear Discriminant Analysis   
  By Feiping Nie, Zheng Wang, Rong Wang, Zhen Wang, and Xuelong Li  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Hybrid Crowd-Machine Wrapper Inference   
  By Valter Crescenzi, Paolo Merialdo, Disheng Qiu  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Real-Time Estimation of the Urban Air Quality with Mobile Sensor System   
  By Yun Wang, Guojie Song, Lun Du, Zhicong Lu  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Bayesian Model Selection Approach to Multiple Change-Points Detection with Non-Local Prior Distributions   
  By Fei Jiang, Guosheng Yin, Francesca Dominici  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Tensorizing Restricted Boltzmann Machine   
  By Fujiao Ju, Yanfeng Sun, Junbin Gao, Michael Antolovich, Junliang Dong, Baocai Yin  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Road Network Construction with Complex Intersections Based on Sparsely Sampled Private Car Trajectory Data   
  By Yourong Huang, Zhu Xiao, Xiaoyou Yu, Dong Wang, Vincent Havyarimana, Jing Bai  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Translations Diversification for Expert Finding: A Novel Clustering-based Approach   
  By Mahdi Dehghan, Ahmad Ali Abin  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Maximally Correlated Principal Component Analysis Based on Deep Parameterization Learning   
  By Haoran Chen, Jinghua Li, Junbin Gao, Yanfeng Sun, Yongli Hu, Baocai Yin  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Differentiating Regularization Weights -- A Simple Mechanism to Alleviate Cold Start in Recommender Systems   
  By Hung-Hsuan Chen, Pu Chen  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Detecting and Assessing Anomalous Evolutionary Behaviors of Nodes in Evolving Social Networks   
  By Huan Wang, Jia Wu, Wenbin Hu, Xindong Wu  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Enumerating Trillion Subgraphs On Distributed Systems   
  By Ha-Myung Park, Francesco Silvestri, Rasmus Pagh, Chin-Wan Chung, Sung-Hyon Myaeng, U Kang  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Semi-supervised Learning Meets Factorization: Learning to Recommend with Chain Graph Model   
  By Chaochao Chen, Kevin Chen-Chuan, Qibing Li, Xiaolin Zheng  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Entity-Based Query Recommendation for Long-Tail Queries   
  By Zhipeng Huang, Bogdan Cautis, Reynold Cheng, Yudian Zheng, Nikos Mamoulis, Jing Yan  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 The Gene of Scientific Success   
  By Xiangjie Kong, Jun Zhang, Da Zhang, Yi Bu, Ying Ding, Feng Xia  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Towards an optimal outdoor advertising placement : when a budget constraint meets moving trajectories   
  By Ping Zhang, Zhifeng Bao, Yuchen Li, Guoliang Li, Yipeng Zhang, Zhiyong Peng  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 MiSoSouP: Mining Interesting Subgroups with Sampling and Pseudodimension   
  By Matteo Riondato, Fabio Vandin  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Class Imbalance and Cost-Sensitive Decision Trees: A Unified Survey Based on a Core Similarity   
  By Michael J. Siers, Zahidul Islam  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Efficient Nonnegative Tensor Factorization via Saturating Coordinate Descent   
  By Thirunavukarasu Balasubramaniam, Richi Nayak, Chau Yuen  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Self-weighted Multi-view Fuzzy Clustering   
  By Xiaofeng Zhu, Shichao Zhang, Yonghua Zhu, Wei Zheng, Yang Yang  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Exploiting User Preference and Mobile Peer Influence for Human Mobility Annotation   
  By Renjun Hu, Yanchi Liu, Yanyan Li, Jingbo Zhou, Shuai Ma, Hui Xiong  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Influence Maximization: Seeding Based on Community Structure   
  By Jianxiong Guo, Weili Wu  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 A General Coreset-Based Approach to Diversity Maximization under Matroid Constraints   
  By Matteo Ceccarello, Andrea Pietracaprina, Geppino Pucci  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Accelerating Large-Scale Heterogeneous Interaction Graph Embedding Learning via Importance Sampling   
  By Yugang Ji, Mingyang Yin, Hongxia Yang, Jingren Zhou, Vincent W. Zheng, Chuan Shi, Yuan Fang  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 A Reduced Network Traffic Method for IoT Data Clustering   
  By Ricardo De Azevedo, Gabriel Resende Machado, Ronaldo Ribeiro Goldschmidt, Ricardo Choren  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 NGUARD+: An Attention-based Game Bot Detection Framework via Player Behavior Sequences   
  By Jiarong Xu, Yifan Luo, Jianrong Tao, Changjie Fan, Zhou Zhao, Jiangang Lu  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Generating Realistic Synthetic Population Datasets   
  By Hao Wu, Yue Ning, Prithwish Chakraborty, Jilles Vreeken, Nikolaj Tatti, Naren Ramakrishnan  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Coordination Event Detection and Initiator Identification in Time Series Data   
  By Chainarong Amornbunchornvej, Ivan Brugere, Ariana Strandburg-Peshkin, Damien R. Farine, Margaret C. Crofoot, Tanya Y. Berger-Wolf  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Employing Semantic Context for Sparse Information Extraction Assessment   
  By Peipei Li, Haixun Wang, Hongsong Li, Xindong Wu  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Large-Scale Online Feature Selection for Ultra-High Dimensional Sparse Data   
  By Yue Wu, Steven C. H. Hoi, Tao Mei, Nenghai Yu  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Ranking Causal Anomalies for System Fault Diagnosis via Temporal and Dynamical Analysis on Vanishing Correlations   
  By Wei Cheng, Jingchao Ni, Kai Zhang, Haifeng Chen, Guofei Jiang, Yu Shi, Xiang Zhang, Wei Wang  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 iGRM: Improved Grey Relational Model and Its Ensembles for Occupancy Sensing in Internet of Things Applications   
  By Nashreen Nesa, Tania Ghosh, Indrajit Banerjee  
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Catching Them Red-Handed: Optimizing the Nursing Homes’ Rating System   
  By Xu Han, Niam Yaraghi, Ram Gopal  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Modeling and Analyzing Incremental Natures of Developing Software   
  By Jian-Min Jiang, Zhong Hong, Yangyang Chen  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 A Graph-based Approach to Person Name Disambiguation in Web   
  By Hojjat Emami  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 A Penny Is Worth a Thousand? Investigating the Relationship Between Social Media and Penny Stocks   
  By Kar Kei Lo, Michael Chau  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Discovering Discontinuity in Big Financial Transaction Data   
  By Suppawong Tuarob, Ray Strong, Anca Chandra, Conrad S. Tucker  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Business-to-Consumer Platform Strategy: How Vendor Certification Changes Platform and Seller Incentives   
  By Can Sun, Yonghua Ji, Bora Kolfal, Ray Patterson  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Resolving Ambiguity in Sentiment Classification: The Role of Dependency Features   
  By Shuyuan Deng, Atish P. Sinha, Huimin Zhao  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Using Social Sensors for Detecting Emergency Events: A Case of Power Outages in the Electrical Utility Industry   
  By Konstantin Bauman, Alexander Tuzhilin, Ryan Zaczynsk  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Mining Resource Profiles from Event Logs   
  By Anastasiia Pika, Michael Leyer, Moe T. Wynn, Colin J. Fidge, Arthur H. M. Ter Hofstede, Wil M. P. Van Der Aalst  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 How Customer Demand Reactions Impact Technology Innovation and Security   
  By M. Lisa Yeo, Erik Rolland, Jacquelyn Rees Ulmer, Raymond A. Patterson  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Engineering Trustable and Auditable Choreography-Based Systems Using Blockchain   
  By Flavio Corradini, Alessandro Marcelletti, Andrea Morichetta, Andrea Polini, Barbara Re, Francesco Tiezzi  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Feature Extraction of High-Dimensional Data Based on J-HOSVD for Cyber-Physical-Social Systems   
  By Yuan Gao, Laurence T. Yang, Yaliang Zhao, Jing Yang  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Automating Research Data Management Using Machine-actionable Data Management Plans   
  By Tomasz Miksa, Simon Oblasser, Andreas Rauber  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Key Factors Affecting User Adoption of Open-Access Data Repositories in Intelligence and Security Informatics   
  By Bo Wen, Paul Jen-Hwa Hu, Mohammadreza Ebrahimi, Hsinchun Chen  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Distance Based Pattern Driven Mining for Outlier Detection in High Dimensional Big Dataset   
  By Ankit Kumar, Abhishek Kumar, Ali Kashif Bashir, Mamoon Rashid, V. D. Ambeth Kumar, Rupak Kharel  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 A New Approach for Mining Correlated Frequent Subgraphs   
  By Mohammad Ehsan Shahmi Chowdhury, Chowdhury Farhan Ahmed, Carson K. Leung  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 AIDCOV: An Interpretable Artificial Intelligence Model for Detection of COVID-19 from Chest Radiography Images   
  By Maryam Zokaeinikoo, Pooyan Kazemian, Prasenjit Mitra, Soundar Kumara  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Design and Realisation of Scalable Business Process Management Systems for Deployment in the Cloud   
  By Chun Ouyang, Michael Adams, Arthur H. M. Ter Hofstede, Yang Yu  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 University Operations During a Pandemic: A Flexible Decision Analysis Toolkit   
  By Himanshu Kharkwal, Dakota Olson, Jiali Huang, Abhiraj Mohan, Ankur Mani, Jaideep Srivastava  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 ThumbStroke: A Virtual Keyboard in Support of Sight-Free and One-Handed Text Entry on Touch-Screen Mobile Devices   
  By Jianwei Lai, Dongsong Zhang, Sen Wang, Işıl Doğa Yakut Kılıç, Lina Zhou  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 On Robust Estimates of Correlated Risk in Cyber-Insured IT Firms   
  By Ranjan Pal, Leana Golubchik, Konstantions Psounis, Tathagata Bandyopadhyay  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Service-Oriented Application Composition with Evolutionary Heuristics and Multiple Criteria   
  By Hangjung Zo, Derek L. Nazareth, Hemant K. Jain  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Invested or Indebted: Ex ante and Ex post Reciprocity in Online Knowledge Sharing Communities   
  By Hongfei Li, Ramesh Shankar, Jan Stallaert  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Mining the Local Dependency Itemset in a Products Network   
  By Li Ni, Wenjian Luo, Nannan Lu, Wenjie Zhu  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 A Data-Driven Characterization of Modern Android Spyware   
  By Fabio Pierazzi, Ghita Mezzour, Qian Han, Michele Colajanni, Venkatramana S S Subrahmanian  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Flexible, Efficient, and Secure Access Delegation in Cloud Computing   
  By Hu Xiong, Yi Wang, Wenchao Li, Chien-Ming Chen  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Real or Not? Identifying Untrustworthy News Websites using Third-Party Partnerships   
  By Ram D. Gopal, Hooman Hidaji, Sule Nur Kutlu, Raymond A. Patterson, Erik Rolland, Dmitry Zhdanov  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 E-Commerce Product Categorization via MachineTranslation   
  By Liling Tan, Maggie Yundi Li, Stanley Kok  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 A Data-Driven Characterization of Modern Android Spyware   
  By Fabio Pierazzi, Ghita Mezzour, Qian Han, Michele Colajanni, V. S. Subrahmanian  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Predicting User Posting Activities in Online Health Communities with Deep Learning   
  By Xiangyu Wang, Kang Zhao, Xun Zhou, Nick Street  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Context-Aware Recommendations Based on Deep Learning Frameworks   
  By Moshe Unger, Alexander Tuzhilin, Amit Livne  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Predictive Cyber Situational Awareness and Personalized Blacklisting: A Sequential Rule Mining Approach   
  By Martin Husák, Tomáš Bajtoš, Jaroslav Kašpar, Elias Bou-Harb, Pavel Čeleda  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Panda: Partitioned Data Security on Outsourced Sensitive and Non-sensitive Data   
  By Sharad Mehrotra, Shantanu Sharma, Jeffrey D. Ullman, Dhrubajyoti Ghosh, Peeyush Gupta, Anurag Mishra  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 IP Reputation Scoring with Geo-Contextual Feature Augmentation   
  By Henanksha Sainani, Josephine M. Namayanja, Guneeti Sharma, Vasundhara Misal, Vandana P. Janeja  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 ecoxight: Discovery, Exploration, and Analysis of Business Ecosystems Using Interactive Visualization   
  By Rahul C. Basole, Arjun Srinivasan, Hyunwoo Park, Shiv Patel  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 The State-of-the-Art in Twitter Sentiment Analysis: A Review and Benchmark Evaluation   
  By David Zimbra, Ahmed Abbasi, Daniel Zeng, Hsinchun Chen  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 A Meta-Model for Information Systems Quality: A Mixed Study of the Financial Sector   
  By Daniel Russo, Paolo Ciancarini, Tommaso Falasconi, Massimo Tomasi  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Blockchains for Business Process Management - Challenges and Opportunities   
  By Jan Mendling, Ingo Weber, Wil Van Der Aalst, Jan Vom Brocke, Cristina Cabanillas, Florian Daniel, Søren Debois, Claudio Di Ciccio, Marlon Dumas, Schahram Dustda,r Avigdor Gal, Luciano García-Bañuelos, Guido Governatori, Richard Hull Marcello, La Rosa, Henrik Leopold, Frank Leymann, Jan Recker, Manfred Reichert, Hajo A. Reijers, Stefanie Rinderle-Ma, Andreas Solti, Michael Rosemann, Stefan Schulte, Munindar P. Singh, Tijs Slaats, Mark Staple,s Barbara Weber Matthias, Weidlich Mathias, Weske Xiwei, Xu Liming Zhu  
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 GraphBLAST: A High-Performance Linear Algebra-based Graph Framework on the GPU   
  By Carl Yang, Aydın Buluç, John D. Owens  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Formalization of Double-Word Arithmetic, and Comments on “Tight and Rigorous Error Bounds for Basic Building Blocks of Double-Word Arithmetic”   
  By Jean-Michel Muller, Laurence Rideau  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Bringing Trimmed Serendipity Methods to Computational Practice in Firedrake   
  By Justin Crum, Cyrus Cheng, David A. Ham, Lawrence Mitchell, Robert C. Kirby, Joshua A. Levine, Andrew Gillette  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Abstractions and automated algorithms for mixed domain finite element methods   
  By Cécile Daversin-Catty, Chris N. Richardson, Ada J. Ellingsrud, Marie E. Rognes  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 An efficient, matrix-free finite-element library for high-dimensional partial differential equations   
  By Peter Munch, Katharina Kormann, Martin Kronbichler  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Exactly computing the tail of the Poisson-Binomial Distribution   
  By Noah Peres, Andrew Ray Lee, Uri Keich  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Parallel Tree Algorithms for AMR and Non-Standard Data Access   
  By Carsten Burstedde  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Automatic Code Generation for High-performance Discontinuous Galerkin Methods on Modern Architectures   
  By Dominic Kempf, René Heß, Steffen Müthing, Peter Bastian  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Yet Another Tensor Toolbox for Discontinuous Galerkin Methods and Other Applications   
  By Carsten Uphoff, Michael Bader  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 New Numerical Algorithm for Deflation of Infinite and Zero Eigenvalues and Full Solution of Quadratic Eigenvalue Problems   
  By Zlatko Drmač, Ivana Šain Glibić  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 ArborX: A Performance Portable Geometric Search Library   
  By D. Lebrun-Grandié, A. Prokopenko, B. Turcksin, S. R. Slattery  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 GetFEM: Automated FE Modeling of Multiphysics Problems Based on a Generic Weak Form Language   
  By Yves Renard, Konstantinos Poulios  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Algorithm 9xx: SuiteSparse:GraphBLAS: graph algorithms in the language of sparse linear algebra   
  By Timothy Davis  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Algorithm xxx: Computation of Multi-Degree B-Splines   
  By Hendrik Speleers  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Replicated Computational Results (RCR) Report for “Code Generation for Generally Mapped Finite Elements”   
  By Neil Lindquist  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 ChASE: Chebyshev Accelerated Subspace Iteration Eigensolver for Sequences of Hermitian Eigenvalue Problems   
  By Jan Winkelmann, Paul Springer, Edoardo Di Napoli  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 The Implementation of the Colored Abstract Simplicial Complex and Its Application to Mesh Generation   
  By Christopher T. Lee, John B. Moody, Rommie E. Amaro, J. Andrew Mccammon, Michael J. Holst  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 PLASMA: Parallel Linear Algebra Software for Multicore Using OpenMP   
  By Jack Dongarra, Mark Gates, Azzam Haidar, Jakub Kurzak, Piotr Luszczek, Panruo Wu, Ichitaro Yamazaki, Asim Yarkhan, Maksims Abalenkovs, Negin Bagherpour, Sven Hammarling, Jakub Šístek, David Stevens, Mawussi Zounon, Samuel D. Relton  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Extended BACOLI: Solving One-Dimensional Multiscale Parabolic PDE Systems With Error Control   
  By Kevin R. Green, Raymond J. Spiteri  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 On Quality of Implementation of Fortran 2008 Complex Intrinsic Functions on Branch Cuts   
  By A. Shterenlikht  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 BLASFEO: Basic Linear Algebra Subroutines for Embedded Optimization   
  By Gianluca Frison, Dimitris Kouzoupis, Tommaso Sartor, Andrea Zanelli, Moritz Diehl  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Practical Polytope Volume Approximation   
  By Ioannis Z. Emiris, Vissarion Fisikopoulos  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 SparseX: A Library for High-Performance Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication on Multicore Platforms   
  By Athena Elafrou, Vasileios Karakasis, Theodoros Gkountouvas, Kornilios Kourtis  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Performance Evaluation of a Two-Dimensional Lattice Boltzmann Solver Using CUDA and PGAS UPC Based Parallelisation   
  By Máté Szőke, Tamás István Józsa, Ádám Koleszár, Irene Moulitsas, László Könözsy  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Improving the Flexibility and Robustness of Model-based Derivative-free Optimization Solvers   
  By Coralia Cartis, Jan Fiala, Benjamin Marteau, Lindon Roberts  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Algorithm 995: An Efficient Parallel Anisotropic Delaunay Mesh Generator for Two-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis   
  By Juliette Pardue, Andrey Chernikov  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Client-side Computational Optimization   
  By Vittorio Maniezzo, Marco A. Boschetti, Antonella Carbonaro, Moreno Marzolla, Francesco Strappaveccia  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Performance and Scalability of the Block Low-Rank Multifrontal Factorization on Multicore Architectures   
  By Patrick R. Amestoy, Alfredo Buttari, Jean-Yves L'Excellent, Theo Mary  
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Drawing random floating-point numbers from an interval   
  By Frédéric Goualard  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Efficient protocol testing under temporal uncertain events using discrete-event network simulations   
  By Minh Vu, Lisong Xu, Sebastian Elbaum, Wei Sun, Kevin Qiao  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Mechanisms for Precise Virtual Time Advancement in Network Emulation   
  By Vignesh Babu, David Nicol  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Generating Fast Specialized Simulators for Stochastic Reaction Networks via Partial Evaluation   
  By Till Köster, Tom Warnke, Adelinde M. Uhrmacher  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Risk Quantification in Stochastic Simulation under Input Uncertainty   
  By Helin Zhu, Tianyi Liu, Enlu Zhou  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Generalized Probabilistic Bisection for Stochastic Root Finding   
  By Sergio Rodriguez, Michael Ludkovski  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Parallel Data Distribution Management on Shared-Memory Multiprocessors   
  By Moreno Marzolla, Gabriele D’angelo  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Data-driven Model-based Detection of Malicious Insiders via Physical Access Logs   
  By Carmen Cheh, Uttam Thakore, Ahmed Fawaz, Binbin Chen, William G. Temple, and William H. Sanders  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Integrating Simulation and Numerical Analysis in the Evaluation of Generalized Stochastic Petri Nets   
  By Armin Zimmermann, and Thomas Hotz  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Managing Pending Events in Sequential and Parallel Simulations Using Three-tier Heap and Two-tier Ladder Queue   
  By Dhananjai M. Rao, Julius D. Higiro  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Efficient Parallel Simulation over Large-scale Social Contact Networks   
  By Yulin Wu, Wentong Cai, Zengxiang Li, Wen Jun Tan, Xiangting Hou  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 A Data Assimilation Framework for Discrete Event Simulations   
  By Xiaolin Hu, Peisheng Wu  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Visual Analytics to Identify Temporal Patterns and Variability in Simulations from Cellular Automata   
  By Philippe J. Giabbanelli, Magda Baniukiewicz  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 ChunkedTejas: A Chunking-based Approach to Parallelizing a Trace-Driven Architectural Simulator   
  By Rajshekar Kalayappan, Avantika Chhabra, Smruti R. Sarangi  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Fidelity and Performance of State Fast-Forwarding in Microscopic Traffic Simulations   
  By Philipp Andelfinger, Yadong Xu, David Eckhoff, Wentong Cai, Alois Knoll  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Simulation Study to Identify the Characteristics of Markov Chain Properties   
  By Atiqur Rahman, Peter Kemper  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 A Distributed Shared-Memory Middleware for Speculative Parallel Discrete Event Simulation   
  By Matteo Principe, Tommaso Tocci, Pierangelo Di Sanzo, Francesco Quaglia, Alessandro Pellegrini  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Reusing Search Data in Ranking and Selection: What Could Possibly Go Wrong?   
  By David J. Eckman, Shane G. Henderson  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Automatic Model Generation for Gate-Level Circuit PDES with Reverse Computation   
  By Elsa Gonsiorowski, Justin M. Lapre, Christopher D. Carothers  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Relaxing Synchronization in Parallel Agent-Based Road Traffic Simulation   
  By Yadong Xu, Wentong Cai, Heiko Aydt, Michael Lees, Daniel Zehe  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Transparently Mixing Undo Logs and Software Reversibility for State Recovery in Optimistic PDES   
  By Davide Cingolani, Alessandro Pellegrini, Francesco Quaglia  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 A Survey of Statistical Model Checking   
  By Gul Agha, Karl Palmskog  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Temporal Integration of Emulation and Network Simulators on Linux Multiprocessors   
  By Jereme Lamps, Vignesh Babu, David M. Nicol, Vladimir Adam, Rakesh Kumar  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 A Factor-Based Bayesian Framework for Risk Analysis in Stochastic Simulations   
  By Wei Xie, Cheng Li, Pu Zhang  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Parametrized Adomian Decomposition Method with Optimum Convergence   
  By Mustafa Turkyilmazoglu  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Keddah: Network Evaluation Powered by Simulating Distributed Application Traffic   
  By Jie Deng, Gareth Tyson, Felix Cuadrado, Steve Uhlig  
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Modeling and Performance Evaluation of Computing Systems (TOMPECS)  
 Introduction   
  By Don Towsley, Carey Williamson  
  Transactions on Modeling and Performance Evaluation of Computing Systems (TOMPECS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Interpretable Partitioned Embedding for Intelligent Multi-item Fashion Outfit Composition   
  By Zunlei Feng, Zhenyun Yu, Yongcheng Jing, Sai Wu, Mingli Song, Yezhou Yang, Junxiao Jiang  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 From Theory to Practice: Improving Bitrate Adaptation in the DASH Reference Player   
  By Kevin Spiteri, Ramesh Sitaraman, Daniel Sparacio  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Beauty Is in the Eye of the Beholder: Demographically Oriented Analysis of Aesthetics in Photographs   
  By Magzhan Kairanbay, John See, Lai, -, Kuan Wong  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 A Pseudo-likelihood Approach for Geo-localization of Events from Crowd-sourced Sensor-Metadata   
  By Amit More, Subhasis Chaudhuri  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 A Multi-sensor Framework for Personal Presentation Analytics   
  By Tian Gan, Junnan Li, Yongkang Wong, Mohan S. Kankanhalli  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Multi-level Similarity Perception Network for Person Re-identification   
  By Chen Shen, Zhongming Jin, Wenqing Chu, Rongxin Jiang, Yaowu Chen, Guo-Jun Qi, Xian-Sheng Hua  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Look at Me! Correcting Eye Gaze in Live Video Communication   
  By Chih-Fan Hsu, Yu-Shuen Wang, Chin-Laung Lei, Kuan-Ta Chen  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Pithos: Distributed Storage for Massive Multi-user Virtual Environments   
  By Herman A. Engelbrecht, John S. Gilmore  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 ESRNet: Efficient Search and Recognition Network for Image Manipulation Detection   
  By Ruyong Ren, Shaozhang Niu, Hua Ren, Shubin Zhang, Tengyue Han, Xiaohai Tong  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Structure-Aware Meta-Fusion for Image Super-Resolution   
  By Haoyu Ma, Bingchen Gong, Yizhou Yu  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Instance Correlation Graph for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation   
  By Lei Wu, Hefei Ling, Yuxuan Shi, Baiyan Zhang  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Fine-Grained Adversarial Semi-supervised Learning   
  By Daniele Mugnai, Federico Pernici, Francesco Turchini, Alberto Del Bimbo  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Scribble-supervised meibomian glands segmentation in infrared images   
  By Xiaoming Liu, Shuo Wang, Ying Zhang, Quan Yuan  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Fully Unsupervised Person Re-identification via Selective Contrastive Learning   
  By Bo Pang, Deming Zhai, Junjun Jiang, Xianming Liu  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Health Status Prediction with Local-Global Heterogeneous Behavior Graph   
  By Xuan Ma, Xiaoshan Yang, Junyu Gao, Changsheng Xu  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Residual-Guided In-Loop Filter Using Convolution Neural Network   
  By Wei Jia, Li Li, Zhu Li, Xiang Zhang, Shan Liu  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Cross-Modal Hybrid Feature Fusion for Image-Sentence Matching   
  By Xing Xu, Yifan Wang, Yixuan He, Yang Yang, Alan Hanjalic, Heng Tao Shen  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 An Explainable Deep Learning Ensemble Model for Robust Diagnosis of Diabetic Retinopathy Grading   
  By Mohammad Shorfuzzaman, M. Shamim Hossain, Abdulmotaleb El Saddik  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Semantic Explanation for Deep Neural Networks using Feature Interactions   
  By Bohui Xia, Xueting Wang, Toshihiko Yamasaki  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 WTRPNet: A Expainable Graph Feature Convolutional Neural Network for Epileptic EEG classification   
  By Qi Xin, Shaohao Hu, Shuaiqi Liu, Ling Zhao, Shuihua Wang  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Smart Scribbles for Image Mating   
  By Xin Yang, Yu Qiao, Shaozhe Chen, Shengfeng He, Baocai Yin, Qiang Zhang, Xiaopeng Wei, Rynson W. H. Lau  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Fog based Secure Service Discovery for Internet of Multimedia Things: A Cross-Blockchain Approach   
  By Haoran Liang, Jun Wu, Xi Zheng, Mengshi Zhang, Jianhua Li, Alireza Jolfaei  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Eigenvector-Based Distance Metric Learning for Image Classification and Retrieval   
  By Zhangcheng Wang, Ya Li, Richang Hong, Xinmei Tian  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Region-level Visual Consistency Verification for Large-Scale Partial-Duplicate Image Search   
  By Zhili Zhou, Q. M. Jonathan Wu, Yimin Yang, Xingming Sun  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 A Benchmark Dataset and Comparison Study for Multi-Modal Human Action Analytics   
  By Jiaying Liu, Sijie Song, Chunhui Liu, Yanghao Li, Yueyu Hu  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Motion-aware Structured Matrix Factorization for Foreground Detection in Complex Scenes   
  By Lin Zhu, Xiurong Jiang, Jianing Li, Yuanhong Hao, Yonghong Tian  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 SI: Computational Intelligence for Biomedical Data and Imaging   
  By Vishesh Kumar Tanwar, Balasubramanian Raman, Amitesh Singh Rajput, Rama Bhargava  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Single Stage Instance Segmentation   
  By Feng Lin, Bin Li, Wengang Zhou, Houqiang Li, Yan Lu  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Make Full Use of Priors: Cross-view Optimized Filter for Multi-view Depth Enhancement   
  By Xin He, Qiong Liu, You Yang  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 A Unified Tensor Framework for Clustering and Simultaneous Reconstruction of Incomplete Imaging Data   
  By Jobin Francis, Baburaj M, Sudhish N George  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Blind Image Quality Assessment by Natural Scene Statistics and Perceptual Characteristics   
  By Yutao Liu, Ke Gu, Xiu Li, Yongbing Zhang  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 A Practical Learning-based Approach for Viewer Scheduling in the Crowdsourced Live Streaming   
  By Rui-Xiao Zhang, Ming Ma, Tianchi Huang, Haitian Pang, Xin Yao, Chenglei Wu, Lifeng Sun  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Data Hiding: Current Trends, Innovation and Potential challenges   
  By A. K. Singh  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 QoE-Fair DASH Video Streaming Using Server-Side Reinforcement Learning   
  By Sa’di Altamimi, Shervin Shirmohammadi  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 The Impact of Motion and Delay on Selecting Game Targets with a Mouse   
  By Mark Claypool, Andy Cockburn, Carl Gutwin  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Automatic Generation of Visual-Textual Presentation Layout   
  By Xuyong Yang, Tao Mei, Ying-Qing, Yong Rui, Shipeng Li  
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Dynamic Binary Translation for SGX Enclaves   
  By Jinhua Cui, Shweta Shinde, Satyaki Sen, Prateek Saxena, Pinghai Yuan  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Privacy Analysis of Query-Set-Size Control   
  By Eyal Nussbaum, Michael Segal  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 PRShare: A Framework for Privacy-Preserving, Interorganizational Data Sharing   
  By Lihi Idan, Joan Feigenbaum  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Dealing with Security Alert Flooding: Using Machine Learning for Domain-independent Alert Aggregation   
  By Max Landauer, Florian Skopik, Markus Wurzenberger, Andreas Rauber  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 EI-MTD: Moving Target Defense for Edge Intelligence against Adversarial Attacks   
  By Yaguan Qian, Yankai Guo, Qiqi Shao, Jiamin Wang, Bin Wang, Zhaoquan Gu, Xiang Ling, Chunming Wu  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Generating Quality Threat Intelligence Leveraging OSINT and a Cyber Threat Unified Taxonomy   
  By Cláudio Martins, Ibéria Medeiros  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Risk Prediction of IoT Devices based on Vulnerability Analysis   
  By Pascal Oser, Rens W. van der Heijden, Stefan Lüders, Frank Kargl  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 SoK: A Modularized Approach to Study the Security of Automatic Speech Recognition Systems   
  By Yuxuan Chen, Jiangshan Zhang, Xuejing Yuan, Shengzhi Zhang, Kai Chen, Xiaofeng Wang, Shanqing Guo  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 InkFiltration: Using Inkjet Printers for Acoustic Data Exfiltration From Air-Gapped Networks   
  By Julian de Gortari Briseno, Akash Deep Singh, Mani Srivastava  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Formal Modelling and Automated Trade-Off Analysis of Enforcement Architectures for Cryptographic Access Control in the Cloud   
  By Stefano Berlato, Roberto Carbone, Adam J. Lee, Silvio Ranise  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Vulnerabilities of Unattended Face Verification Systems to Facial Components-based Presentation Attacks: An Empirical Study   
  By Le Qin, Fei Peng, Min Long, Raghavendra Ramachandra, Christoph Busch  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 AutoProfile: Towards Automated Profile Generation for Memory Analysis   
  By Fabio Pagani, Davide Balzarotti  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Discriminative power of typing features on desktops, tablets and phones for user identification.   
  By Amith K. Belma, Vir V. Phoha  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 A Multi-server ORAM Framework with Constant Client Bandwidth Blowup   
  By Thang Hoang, Attila A. Yavuz, Jorge Guajardo  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Skype & Type: Keyboard Eavesdropping in Voice-over-IP   
  By Stefano Cecconello, Alberto Compagno, Mauro Conti, Daniele Lain, and Stefano Cecconello  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Database Audit Workload Prioritization via Game Theory   
  By Chao Yan, Bo Li, Yevgeniy Vorobeychik, Aron Laszka, Daniel Fabbri, Bradley Malin  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Hybrid Private Record Linkage: Separating Differentially Private Synopses from Matching Records   
  By Fang-Yu Rao, Jianneng Cao, Elisa Bertino, Murat Kantarcioglu  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 A General Framework for Adversarial Examples with Objectives   
  By Mahmood Sharif, Sruti Bhagavatula, Lujo Bauer, Michael K. Reiter  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 MaMaDroid: Detecting Android Malware by Building Markov Chains of Behavioral Models (Extended Version)   
  By Lucky Onwuzurike, Enrico Mariconti, Panagiotis Andriotis, Emiliano De Cristofaro, Gordon Ross, Gianluca Stringhini  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Introducing the Temporal Dimension to Memory Forensics   
  By Fabio Pagani, Oleksii Fedorov, Davide Balzarotti  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Tractor Beam: Safe-hijacking of Consumer Drones with Adaptive GPS Spoofing   
  By Juhwan Noh, Yujin Kwon, Yunmok Son, Hocheol Shin, Dohyun Kim, Jaeyeong Choi, Yongdae Kim  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 On generating network traffic datasets with synthetic attacks for intrusion detection   
  By Carlos Garcia Cordero, Emmanouil Vasilomanolakis, Aidmar Wainakh, Max Mühlhäuser, Simin Nadjm-Tehrani  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Measuring and Analysing the Chain of Implicit Trust: A Study of Third-party Resources Loading   
  By Muhammad Ikram, Rahat Masood, Gareth Tyson, Mohamed Ali Kaafar, Noha Loizon, Roya Ensafi  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 The System That Cried Wolf: Sensor Security Analysis of Wide-area Smoke Detectors for Critical Infrastructure   
  By Hocheol Shin, Juhwan Noh, Dohyun Kim, Yongdae Kim  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Privado: Privacy-Preserving Group-based Advertising using Multiple Independent Social Network Providers   
  By Sanaz Taheri Boshrooyeh, Alptekin Küpçü, Öznur Özkasap  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Using Generative Adversarial Networks to Break and Protect Text Captchas   
  By Guixin Ye, Zhanyong Tang, Dingyi Fang, Zhanxing Zhu, Yansong Feng, Pengfei, Xiaojiang Chen, Jungong Han, Zheng Wang  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 The Tip of the Iceberg: On the Merits of Finding Security Bugs   
  By Nikolaos Alexopoulos, Sheikh Mahbub Habib, Steffen Schulz, Max Mühlhäuser  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 On the Security and Usability Implications of Providing Multiple Authentication Choices on Smartphones: The More, the Better?   
  By Geumhwan Cho, Jun Ho Huh, Soolin Kim, Junsung Cho, Heesung Park, Yenah Lee, Konstantin Beznosov, Hyoungshick Kim  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Build It, Break It, Fix It: Contesting Secure Development   
  By Andrew Ruef, Michael Hicks, James Parker, Dave Levin, Michelle L. Mazurek, Piotr Mardziel  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Exploiting Behavioral Side-Channels in Observation Resilient Cognitive Authentication Schemes   
  By Benjamin Zi Hao Zhao, Hassan Jameel Asghar, Mohamed Ali Kaafar, Francesca Trevisan, Haiyue Yuan  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Formal Analysis of Mobile Multi-Factor Authentication with Single Sign-On Login   
  By Giada Sciarretta, Roberto Carbone, Silvio Ranise,Luca Viganò  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 A Large-scale Study on the Risks of Mobile Sensor-based Attacks   
  By Michalis Diamantaris, Francesco Marcantoni, Sotiris Ioannidis, Jason Polakis  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Exploiting Mixed Binaries   
  By Michalis Papaevripides, Elias Athanasopoulos  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Pulse-Response: Exploring Human Body Impedance for Biometric Recognition   
  By Ivan Martinovic, Kasper B. Rasmussen, Marc Roeschlin, Gene Tsudik  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Mo(bile) Money, Mo(bile) Problems: Analysis of Branchless Banking Applications   
  By Bradley Reave, Jasmine Bowers, Nolen Scaife, Adam Bates, Arnav Bhartiya, Patrick Traynor, Kevin R. B. Butler  
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 Armada: Automated Verification of Concurrent Code with Sound Semantic Extensibility   
  By Jacob R. Lorch, Yixuan Chen, Manos Kapritsos, Haojun Ma, Bryan Parno, Shaz Qadeer, Upamanyu Sharma, James R. Wilcox, Xueyuan Zhao  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 Bounded Verification of Multi-Threaded Programs via Lazy Sequentialization   
  By Omar Inverso, Ermenegildo Tomasco, Bernd Fischer, Salvatore La Torre, Gennaro Parlato  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 On the Impact of Programming Languages on Code Quality: A Reproduction Study   
  By Emery D. Berger, Celeste Hollenbeck, Petr Maj, Olga Vitek, Jan Vitek  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 Static Identification of Injection Attacks in Java   
  By Fausto Spoto, Elisa Burato, Michael D. Ernst, Pietro Ferrara, Alberto Lovato, Damiano Macedonio, Ciprian Spiridon  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 Context-Free Session Type Inference   
  By Luca Padovani  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 CSS Minification via Constraint Solving   
  By Matthew Hague, Anthony W. Lin, Chih-Duo Hong  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 Feature-Specific Profiling   
  By Leif Andersen, Vincent St-Amour, Jan Vitek, Matthias Felleisen  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 Generalized Points-to Graphs: A Precise and Scalable Abstraction for Points-to Analysis   
  By Pritam M. Gharat, Uday P. Khedker, Alan Mycroft  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 Towards a Compiler for Reals   
  By Eva Darulova, Viktor Kuncak  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 SPL: An Extensible Language for Distributed Stream Processing   
  By Martin Hirzel, Scott Schneider, Buğra Gedik  
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Quantum Computing (TQC)  
 Lowering the T-depth of Quantum Circuits via Logic Network Optimization   
  By Thomas Häner, Mathias Soeken  
  Transactions on Quantum Computing (TQC)  
 Exact and practical pattern matching for quantum circuit optimization   
  By Raban Iten, Romain Moyard, Tony Metger, David Sutter, Stefan Woerner  
  Transactions on Quantum Computing (TQC)  
 Improving the variational quantum eigensolver using variational adiabatic quantum computing   
  By Stuart M. Harwood, Dimitar Trenev, Spencer T. Stober, Panagiotis Barkoutsos, Tanvi P. Gujarati, Sarah Mostame, Donny Greenberg  
  Transactions on Quantum Computing (TQC)  
 Improved Quantum Circuits via Intermediate Qutrits   
  By Jonathan M. Baker, Casey Duckering, Pranav Gokhale, Natalie C. Brown, Kenneth R. Brown, Frederic T. Chong  
  Transactions on Quantum Computing (TQC)  
 Quantum Algorithms for Feedforward Neural Networks   
  By Jonathan Allcock, Chang-Yu Hsieh, Iordanis Kerenidis, Shengyu Zhang  
  Transactions on Quantum Computing (TQC)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Reconfigurable Technology and Systems (TRETS)  
 HopliteBuf: Network Calculus-Based Design of FPGA NoCs with Provably Stall-Free FIFOs   
  By Tushar Garg, Saud Wasly, Rodolfo Pellizzoni, and Nachiket Kapre  
  Transactions on Reconfigurable Technology and Systems (TRETS)  
 General-Purpose Computing with Soft GPUs on FPGAs   
  By Muhammed Al Kadi, Benedikt Janssen, Jones Yudi, and Michael Huebner  
  Transactions on Reconfigurable Technology and Systems (TRETS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Blind Joint 2-D DOA/Symbols Estimation for 3-D Millimeter Wave Massive MIMO Communication Systems   
  By Chung Buiquang, Zhongfu Ye  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 AirContour: Building Contour-based Model for In-Air Writing Gesture Recognition   
  By Yafeng Yin, Lei Xie, Tao Gu, Yijia Lu, Yafeng Yin  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Towards Profit Optimization During Online Participant Selection in Compressive Mobile Crowdsensing   
  By Yueyue Chen, Deke Guo, MD Zakirul Alam Bhuiyan, Ming Xu, Guojun Wang  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Bi-dimensional Signal Compression Based on Linear Prediction Coding: Application to WSN   
  By Zakia Jellali, Leïla Najjar Atallah, Sofiane Cherif  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 A Novel Authenticated Key Agreement Protocol With Dynamic Credential for WSNs   
  By Zheng Yang, Junyu Lai, Yingbing Sun, Jianying Zhou  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Leveraging Fog Analytics for Context-Aware Sensing in Cooperative Wireless Sensor Networks   
  By Kriti Bhargava, Stepan Ivanov, Diarmuid McSweeney, William Donnelly  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Low-Cost and Robust Geographic Opportunistic Routing in a Strip Topology Wireless Network   
  By Chen Liu, Dingyi Fang, Xinyan Liu, Dan Xu, Xiaojiang Chen, Chieh-Jan Mike Liang, Baoying Liu, Zhanyong Tang  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Extending Battery System Operation via Adaptive Reconfiguration   
  By Liang He, Linghe Kong, Yu Gu, Cong Liu, Tian He, Kang G. Shin  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Rulers on Our Arms: Waving to Measure Object Size through Contactless Sensing   
  By Yang Liu, Yonghang Jiang, Zhenjiang Li, Jianping Wang  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Energy-Harvesting Wireless Sensor Networks (EH-WSNs): A Review   
  By Kofi Sarpong Adu-Manu, Nadir Adam, Cristiano Tapparello, Hoda Ayatollahi, Wendi Heinzelman  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Natural Timestamps in Powerline Electromagnetic Radiation   
  By Yang Li, Rui Tan, David K. Y. Yau  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Dependable Interference-Aware Time-Slotted Channel Hopping for Wireless Sensor Networks   
  By Rasool Tavakoli, Majid Nabi, Twan Basten, Kees Goossens  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Threat Modelling Guided Trust-based Task Offloading for Resource-constrained Internet of Things   
  By Matthew Bradbury, Arshad Jhumka, Tim Watson, Denys Flores, Jonathan Burton, Matthew Butler  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Online Resource Provisioning for Wireless Data Collection   
  By Yu Liu, Joshua Comden, Zhenhua Liu, Yuanyuan Yang  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Edge-assisted Collaborative Image Recognition for Mobile Augmented Reality   
  By Guohao Lan, Zida Liu, Yunfan Zhang, Tim Scargill, Jovan Stojkovic, Carlee Joe-Wong, Maria Gorlatova  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Pedometer-free Geomagnetic Fingerprinting with Casual Walking Speed   
  By Hang Wu, Jiajie Tan, S.-H. Gary Chan  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Driver Behavior Aware Parking Availability Crowdsensing System Using Truth Discovery   
  By Yi Zhu, Abhishek Gupta, Shaohan Hu, Weida Zhong, Lu Su, Chunming Qiao  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 A Mobile-Assisted Edge Computing Framework for Emerging IoT Applications   
  By Deke Guo, Siyuan Gu, Junjie Xie, Lailong Luo, Xueshan Luo, Yingwen Chen  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 XGest: Enabling Cross-Label Gesture Recognition with RF Signals   
  By Yi Zhang, Zheng Yang, Guidong Zhang, Chenshu Wu, Li Zhang  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 OPCIO: Optimizing Power Consumption for Embedded Devices via GPIO configuration   
  By Xiaoyu Ji, Miao Xu, Wenyuan Xu, Yabo Dong  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 SCANet: Sensor-based Continuous Authentication with Two-stream Convolutional Neural Networks   
  By Yantao Li, Hailong Hu, Zhangqian Zhu, Gang Zhou  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 QoS-Aware VNF Placement and Service Chaining for IoT Applications in Multi-Tier Mobile Edge Networks   
  By Zichuan Xu, Zhiheng Zhang, Weifa Liang, Qiufen Xia, Omer Rana, Guowei Wu  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 CoUAS: Enable Cooperation for Unmanned Aerial Systems   
  By Ziyao Huang, Weiwei Wu, Feng Shan, Yuxin Bian, Kejie Lu, Zhenjiang Li, Jianping Wang, Jin Wang  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Ultra-wideband Concurrent Ranging   
  By Pablo Corbalán, Gian Pietro Picco  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Smart Sensing, Communication, and Control in Perishable Food Supply Chain   
  By Amitangshu Pal, Krishna Kant  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Smartphone-Based SpO2 Measurement by Exploiting Wavelengths Separation And Chromophore Compensation   
  By Nam Bui, Anh Nguyen, Phuc Nguyen, Hoang Truong, Ashwin Ashok, Thang Dinh, Robin Deterding, Tam Vu  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Route or Flood? Reliable and Efficient Support for Downward Traffic in RPL   
  By Timofei Istomin, Oana Iova, Gian Pietro Picco, Csaba Kiraly  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Urban Scale Trade Area Characterization for Commercial Districts with Cellular Footprints   
  By Yi Zhao, Zimu Zhou, Wang Xu, Tongtong Liu, Zheng Yang  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Energy-efficient Dual-codebook Based Backscatter Communications for Wireless Powered Networks   
  By Yufan Zhang, Ertao Li,Yi-Hua Zhu  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 A Survey on Bluetooth 5.0 and Mesh: New Milestones of IoT   
  By Junjie Yin, Zheng Yang, Hao Cao, Tongtong Liu, Zimu Zhou, Chenshu Wu  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Improved Ahead-of-time Compilation of Stack-based JVM Bytecode on Resource-constrained Devices   
  By Niels Reijers, Chi-Sheng Shih  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 SDCN: Sensory Data Centric Networking for Building the Sensing Layer of IoT   
  By Liang Liu, Bo Chen, Huadong Ma  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 MORE: Multi-node Mobile Charging Scheduling for Deadline Constraints   
  By Panlong Yang, Tao Wu, Haipeng Dai, Xunpeng Rao, Xiaoyu Wang, Peng-Jun Wan, Xin He  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 dWatch: A reliable and low-power drowsiness detection system for drivers based on mobile devices   
  By Tianzhang Xing, Qing Wang, Chase Q. Wu, Wei Xi, Xiaojiang Chen  
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Automated Reuse of Model Transformations through Typing Requirements Models   
  By Juan De Lara, Esther Guerra, Davide Di Ruscio, Juri Di Rocco, Jesús S´nchez Cuadrado, Ludovico Iovino  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Efficient Verification of Concurrent Systems Using Synchronisation Analysis and SAT/SMT Solving   
  By Pedro Antonino, Thomas Gibson, -, Robinson, A. W. Roscoe  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Domain Analysis and Description Principles, Techniques, and Modelling Languages   
  By Dines Bj⊘rner  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Isolation Modeling and Analysis Based on Mobility   
  By Jian-Min Jiang, Huibiao Zhu, Qin Li, Yongxin Zhao, Zhong Hong, Shi Zhang, Ping Gong  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Recommending Who to Follow in the Software Engineering Twitter Space   
  By Abhishek Sharma, Yuan Tian, Agus Sulistya, Dinusha Wijedasa, David Lo  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Hierarchical Program Paths   
  By Chunbai Yang, Shangru Wu, W. K. Chan  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Learning Weighted Assumptions for Compositional Verification of Markov Decision Processes   
  By Fei He, Xiaowei Gao, Miaofei Wang, Bow-Yaw Wang, Lijun Zhang  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Mining Privacy Goals from Privacy Policies Using Hybridized Task Recomposition   
  By Jaspreet Bhatia, Travis D. Breaux, Florian Schaub  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Multi-Criteria Code Refactoring Using Search-Based Software Engineering: An Industrial Case Study   
  By Ali Ouni, Marouane Kessentini, Houari Sahraoui, Katsuro Inoue, Kalyanmoy Deb  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Multi-Step Learning and Adaptive Search for Learning Complex Model Transformations from Examples   
  By Islem Baki, Houari Sahraoui  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Stochastic Performance Analysis of Global Software Development Teams   
  By Ricardo M. Czekster, Paulo Fernandes, Lucelene Lopes, Afonso Sales, Alan R. Santos, Thais Webber  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 The Effect of Program and Model Structure on the Effectiveness of MC/DC Test Adequacy Coverage   
  By Gregory Gay, Ajitha Rajan, Matt Staats, Michael Whalen, Mats P. E. Heimdahl  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Using Cohesion and Coupling for Software Remodularization: Is It Enough?   
  By Ivan Candela, Gabriele Bavota, Barbara Russo, Rocco Oliveto  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Variability Bugs in Highly Configurable Systems: A Qualitative Analysis   
  By Iago Abal, Jean Melo, Ştefan Stănciulescu, Claus Brabrand, Márcio Ribeiro, Andrzej Wąsowski  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 An Empirical Study of the Impact of Hyperparameter Tuning and Model Optimization on DNN   
  By Lizhi Liao, Heng Li, Weiyi Shang, Lei Ma  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Predictive Models in Software Engineering: Challenges and Opportunities   
  By Yanming Yang, Xin Xia, David Lo, Tingting Bi, John Grundy, Xiaohu Yang  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Do Developers Really Know How to Use Git Commands? A Large-Scale Study Using Stack Overflow   
  By Wenhua Yang, Chong Zhang, Minxue Pan, Chang Xu, Yu Zhou, Zhiqiu Huang  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 What You See is What it Means! Semantic Representation Learning of Code based on Visualization   
  By Patrick Keller, Abdoul Kader Kaboré, Laura Plein, Jacques Klein, Yves Le Traon, Tegawendé F. Bissyandé  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 OSS effort estimation using software features similarity and developer activity-based metrics   
  By Ritu Kapur, Balwinder Sodhi  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 A Study on Blockchain Architecture Design Decisions and their Security Attacks and Threats   
  By Sabreen Ahmadjee, Carlos Mera-Gómez, Rami Bahsoon, Rick Kazman  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 A Survey of Flaky Tests   
  By Owain Parry, Gregory M. Kapfhammer, Michael Hilton, Phil McMinn  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Enhancing Search-Based Testing With Testability Transformations For Existing APIs   
  By Andrea Arcuri, Juan P. Galeotti  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Towards a consistent interpretation of AIOps models   
  By Yingzhe Lyu, Gopi Krishnan Rajbahadur, Dayi Lin, Boyuan Chen, Zhen Ming (Jack) Jiang  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Is Static Analysis Able to Identify Unnecessary Source Code?   
  By Roman Haas, Rainer Niedermayr, Tobias Roehm, Sven Apel  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 On the Monitoring of Decentralized Specifications: Semantics, Properties, Analysis, and Simulation   
  By Antoine El-Hokayem, Yliès Falcone  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Security Smells in Ansible and Chef Scripts: A Replication Study   
  By Akond Rahman, Rayhanur Rahman, Chris Parnin, Laurie Williams  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Handling SQL Databases in Automated System Test Generation   
  By Andrea Arcuri, Juan P. Galeotti  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Why Developers Refactor Source Code: A Mining-based Study   
  By Jevgenija Pantiuchina, Fiorella Zampetti, Simone Scalabrino, Valentina Piantadosi, Rocco Oliveto, Gabriele Bavota, Massimiliano Di Penta  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Visualizing distributed system executions   
  By Ivan Beschastnikh, Perry Liu, Albert Xing, Patty Wang, Yuriy Brun, Michael D. Ernst  
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Towards Accurate Spatiotemporal COVID-19 Risk Scores using High Resolution Real-World Mobility Data   
  By Sirisha Rambhatla, Sepanta Zeighami, Kameron Shahabi, Cyrus Shahabi, Yan Liu  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Static and Dynamic Progressive Geospatial Interlinkin   
  By George Papadakis, George Mandilaras, Nikos Mamoulis, Manolis Koubarakis  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Efficient 3D Spatial Queries for Complex Objects   
  By Dejun Teng, Yanhui Liang, Hoang Vo, Jun Kong, Fusheng Wang  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Combining Polygon Schematization and Decomposition Approaches for Solving the Cavity Decomposition Problem   
  By Serafino Cicerone, Mattia D’emidio, Daniele Frigioni, Filippo Tirabassi Pascucci  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Temporal Geo-Social Personalized Keyword Search Over Streaming Data   
  By Abdulaziz Almaslukh, Yunfan Kang, Amr Magdy  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Maximum Physically Consistent Trajectories   
  By Bram Custers, Mees van de Kerkhof, Wouter Meulemans, Bettina Speckmann, Frank Staals  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 A new approach for pedestrian density estimation using moving sensors and computer vision   
  By Eric K. Tokuda, Yitzchak Lockerman, Gabriel B. A. Ferreira, Ethan Sorrelgreen, David Boyle, Roberto M. Cesar-Jr., Claudio T. Silva  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Coupled IGMM-GANs with Applications to Anomaly Detection in Human Mobility Data   
  By Daniel Smolyak, Kathryn Gray, Sarkhan Badirli, George Mohler  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 MapLUR: Exploring a new Paradigm for Estimating Air Pollution using Deep Learning on Map Images   
  By Michael Steininger, Konstantin Kobs, Albin Zehe, Florian Lautenschlager, Martin Becker, Andreas Hotho  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 SARDINE: A Self-Adaptive Recurrent Deep Incremental Network Model for Spatio-temporal Prediction of Remote Sensing Data   
  By Monidipa Das, Mahardhika Pratama, Soumya K. Ghosh  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Turbo-GTS: A Fast Framework of Optimizing Task Throughput for Large-scale Mobile Crowdsourcing   
  By Wei Li, Haiquan Chen, Wei-Shinn Ku, Xiao Qin  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Understanding the operational dynamics of Mobility Service Providers: A case of Uber   
  By Xinwu Qian, Dheeraj Kumar, Wenbo Zhang, Satish V. Ukkusuri  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Dictionary Compression in Point Cloud Data Management   
  By Mirjana Pavlovic, Kai-Niklas Bastian, Hinnerk Gildhoff, Anastasia Ailamaki  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 TDEFSI: Theory Guided Deep Learning Based Epidemic Forecasting with Synthetic Information   
  By Lijing Wang, Jiangzhuo Chen, Madhav Marathe  
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)  
 Back to the top    
 Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Combining URL and HTML Features for Entity Discovery in the Web   
  By Edimar Manica, Carina Friedrich Dorneles, and Renata Galante  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 “The Enemy Among Us”: Detecting Cyber Hate Speech with Threats-based Othering Language Embeddings   
  By Wafa Alorainy, Pete Burnap, Han Liu, Matthew L. Williams  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Polarization and Fake News: Early Warning of Potential Misinformation Targets   
  By Michela Del Vicario, Walter Quattrociocchi, Antonio Scala, Fabiana Zollo  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Exploiting Usage to Predict Instantaneous App Popularity: Trend Filters and Retention Rates   
  By Stephan Sigg, Eemil Lagerspetz, Ella Peltonen, Petteri Nurmi, Sasu Tarkoma  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Cashtag Piggybacking: Uncovering Spam and Bot Activity in Stock Microblogs on Twitter   
  By Stefano Cresci, Fabrizio Lillo, Daniele Regoli, Serena Tardelli, Maurizio Tesconi  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 New Phone, Who Dis? Modeling Millennials’ Backup Behavior   
  By Elissa M. Redmiles, Eszter Hargittai  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Faster Base64 Encoding and Decoding Using AVX2 Instructions   
  By Wojciech Muła, Daniel Lemire  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Optimizing Whole-Page Presentation for Web Search   
  By Yue Wang, Dawei Yin, Luo Jie, Pengyuan Wang, Makoto Yamada, Yi Chang  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 When Simpler Data Does Not Imply Less Information: A Study of User Profiling Scenarios With Constrained View of Mobile HTTP(S) Traffic   
  By Souneil Park, Aleksandar Matic, Kamini Garg, Nuria Oliver  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 WISeR: A Multi-dimensional Framework for Searching and Ranking Web APIs   
  By Devis Bianchini, Valeria De Antonellis, Michele Melchiori  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Periodicity in User Engagement with a Search Engine and Its Application to Online Controlled Experiments   
  By Alexey Drutsa, Gleb Gusev, Pavel Serdyukov  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Value and Misinformation in Collaborative Investing Platforms   
  By Tianyi Wang, Gang Wang, Bolun Wang, Divya Sambasivan, Zengbin Zhang, Xing Li  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 LDoW-PaN: Linked Data on the Web—Presentation and Navigation   
  By André Rocha, Cássio Prazeres  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Toward Fair Recommendation in Two-Sided Platforms   
  By Arpita Biswas, Gourab K. Patro, Niloy Ganguly, Krishna P. Gummadi, Abhijnan Chakraborty  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Personalized Visualization Recommendation   
  By Xin Qian, Ryan A. Rossi, Fan Du, Sungchul Kim, Eunyee Koh, Sana Malik, Tak Yeon Lee, Nesreen K. Ahmed  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Time-aspect-sentiment Recommendation Models Based on Novel Similarity Measure Methods   
  By Guohui Li, Qi Chen, Bolong Zheng, Nguyen Quoc Viet Hung, Pan Zhou, Guanfeng Liu  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Dynamic Offloading of Web Application Execution Using Snapshot   
  By Hyuk-Jin Jeong, Inchang Jeong, Soo-Mook Moon  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 SMINT: Towards Interpretable and Robust Model Sharing for Deep Neural Networks   
  By Huijun Wu, Chen Wang, Richard Nock, Wei Wang, Jie Yin, Kai Lu, Liming Zhu  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Topic-Aware Web Service Representation Learning   
  By Min Shi, Yufei Tang, Xingquan Zhu, Jianxun Liu  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Roaming Through the Castle Tunnels: an Empirical Analysis of Inter-App Navigation of Android Apps   
  By Yun Ma, Ziniu Hu, Diandian Gu, Li Zhou, Qiaozhu Mei, Gang Huang, Xuanzhe Liu  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Improving the Accuracy of the Video Popularity Prediction Models through user grouping and content classification   
  By Masoud Hassanpour, Seyed Amir Hoseinitabatabaei, Payam Barnaghi, Rahim Tafazolli  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 The Best of Both Worlds!' Integration of Web Page and Eye Tracking Data Driven Approaches for Automatic AOI Detection   
  By Sukru Eraslan, Yeliz Yesilada, Simon Harper  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Web Portals for High-performance Computing: A Survey   
  By Patrice Calegari, Marc Levrier, Paweł Balczyński  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Image Privacy Prediction Using Deep Neural Networks   
  By Ashwini Tonge, Cornelia Caragea  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 On Scalability of Association-Rule-Based Recommendation: A Unified Distributed-Computing Framework   
  By Zhiang Wu, Changsheng Li, Jie Cao, Yong Ge  
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB)  
 Transactions on Evolutionary Learning and Optimization (TELO)  
 P2P Energy Trading through Prospect Theory, Differential Evolution, and Reinforcement Learning   
  By Ashutosh Timilsina, Simone Silvestri  
  Transactions on Evolutionary Learning and Optimization (TELO)  
 Saddle Point Optimization with Approximate Minimization Oracle and its Application to Robust Berthing Control   
  By Youhei Akimoto, Yoshiki Miyauchi, Atsuo Maki  
  Transactions on Evolutionary Learning and Optimization (TELO)  
 Reusability and Transferability of Macro Actions for Reinforcement Learning   
  By Yi-Hsiang Chang, Kuan-Yu Chang, Henry Kuo, Chun-Yi Lee  
  Transactions on Evolutionary Learning and Optimization (TELO)  
 Back to the top    
 END  

 On this page  
 Computing Surveys (CSUR) 
  Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV) 
  Distributed Ledger Technologies: Research and Practice (DLT) 
  Journal of Data and Information Quality (JDIQ) 
  Journal of the (JACM) 
  Journal on Computing and Cultural Heritage (JOCCH) 
  Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems (JETC) 
  Proceedings of the on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT) 
  Transactions on Accessible Computing (TACCESS) 
  Transactions on Algorithms (TALG) 
  Transactions on Applied Perception (TAP) 
  Transactions on Architecture and Code Optimization (TACO) 
  Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP) 
  Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS) 
  Transactions on Computational Logic (TOCL) 
  Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS) 
  Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI) 
  Transactions on Computing Education (TOCE) 
  Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH) 
  Transactions on Data Science (TDS) 
  Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) 
  Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES) 
  Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems (TECS) 
  Transactions on Graphics (TOG) 
  Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI) 
  Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS) 
  Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST) 
  Transactions on Interactive Intelligent Systems (TiiS) 
  Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT) 
  Transactions on Internet Technology (TOIT) 
  Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD) 
  Transactions on Management Information Systems (TMIS) 
  Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS) 
  Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation (TOMACS) 
  Transactions on Modeling and Performance Evaluation of Computing Systems (TOMPECS) 
  Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM) 
  Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS) 
  Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS) 
  Transactions on Quantum Computing (TQC) 
  Transactions on Reconfigurable Technology and Systems (TRETS) 
  Transactions on Sensor Networks (TOSN) 
  Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology (TOSEM) 
  Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS) 
  Transactions on the Web (TWEB) 
  Transactions on Evolutionary Learning and Optimization (TELO) 

 Become an ACM Distinguished Speaker!   

 ACM Case Studies   
 Written by leading domain experts for software engineers, ACM Case Studies provide an in-depth look at how software teams overcome specific challenges by implementing new technologies, adopting new practices, or a combination of both. Often through first-hand accounts, these pieces explore what the challenges were, the tools and techniques that were used to combat them, and the solution that was achieved.  

 Publish Your Work  Publish with ACM   
 ACM's prestigious conferences and journals seek top-quality papers in all areas of computing and IT. It is now easier than ever to find the most appropriate venue for your research and publish with ACM.  

 About ACM 
  About ACM 
  Volunteer 
  Membership 
  Join ACM 
  Renew My Membership 
  Membership Options 
  Membership Benefits 
  MyACM Sign In 
  Publications 
  About Publications 
  Digital Library 
  Submit a Paper 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Chapters 
  Chapter Admin Interface 
  Chapter Activities Calendar 
  Start a Chapter 
  Special Interest Groups 
  SIGs Newsletter 
  Awards 
  About ACM's Awards 
  Conferences 
  ACM's Conferences 
  Code of Ethics 
  ACM's Code of Ethics 
  Enforcement Procedures 
  Media Center 
  ACM Media Center 
  Advertise with ACM 
  Education 
  Education Home 
  Privacy Policy 
  Privacy Policy Home 

 Home 
  Sitemap 
  Contact Us 
  Member Services 
  Privacy Policy 
  Social Media Policy 
  Accessibility 
  Cookie Declaration 
  Copyright © 2024, ACM, Inc 

  Important dates data: 
undefined

29. Conference EC_3:
JavaScript is not available.  
 We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.  
 Help Center   
 Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Imprint  Ads info  © 2024 X Corp.  

 Something went wrong, but don’t fret — let’s give it another shot.    
  
   Try again    
   Some privacy related extensions may cause issues on x.com. Please disable them and try again.    

                  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

30. Conference EANN_3:
Events 
  Organizers 
  Venues 
  Add Event 
  Subscribe | Subscribe | Sign In 
  Hotels 
  Car Rental 
  Limassol Tours & Transport 
  Event Tickets 

 26th Engineering Applications of Neural Networks (EANN 2025)  
 26-29 Jun 2025 
  Cyprus University of Technology, Limassol, Cyprus | (Hybrid) 

 View hotels near venue   

 Promote this Event   

 Home 
  26th Engineering Applications of Neural Networks (EANN 2025) 

 Description  
 26th Engineering Applications of Neural Networks (EANN 2025)  is a conference dedicated to artificial intelligence, deep learning, artificial neural networks, computational intelligence, signal processing and more.  
 Topics  
 Neural Networks (MLFF, Spiking, RBF) 
  Artificial Intelligence 
  Fuzzy 
  Deep Learning (CNN) Autoencoders 
  Signal Processing 
  SVM 
  Video Processing 
  Image processing 
  Real time Intelligent Systems 
  IoT 
  Applications of AI in all fields (Medical engineering, financial, environmantal etc) 
  Natural Language 
  Who should Attend  
 PhDs 
  Researchers 
  Industry 
  Professors 
  Environment 
  Education 

 Venue  
 Cyprus University of Technology , Archiepiskopou Kyprianou 30, Limassol, Cyprus 

 View hotels near venue   

 Booking.com     

 More Details  
 Prices:   
 500-540 Euro (Estimated)    
   
 Exhibition:   
 Free   
   
 Organizer:   
 INNS International Neural Networks Society   
   
 Website:   

 Promote this Event   

  Organizer   
   Remind   
   Review   
   Article   

 Future Events  
 26th Engineering Applications of Neural Networks (EANN 2025) - 26-29 Jun 2025, Cyprus University of Technology, Limassol, Cyprus | (79101) 
  27th Engineering Applications of Neural Networks (EANN 2026) - Jun 2026, | (35437) 
  Past Events  
 25th Engineering Applications of Neural Networks (EANN 2024) - 27-30 Jun 2024, Ionian University, Corfu, Greece | (65812) 

 Important  
 Please, check "Engineering Applications of Neural Networks (EANN)" official website for possible changes, before making any traveling arrangements   

 Event Categories  
 Science:  Cognitive science, Computer Science, Engineering   
   
 Technology:  Artificial Intelligence (AI), Imaging & Graphics, Signal Processing   

 Other Events with Similar Categories  
 Science Conferences    

 Technology Conferences    

 Imaging & Graphics Conferences    

 Engineering Conferences    

 Computer Science Conferences    

 Cognitive science Conferences    

 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Conferences    

 Signal Processing Conferences    

 Science and Technology Conferences    

 Science Education Conferences    

 Novel Technologies Conferences    

 Control Engineering Conferences    

 Deep Learning Conferences    

 Dynamics Conferences    

 Engineering Management Conferences    

 Green Computing Conferences    

 Hydraulic Engineering Conferences    

 Mechanical Design Conferences    

 Mechatronics Engineering Conferences    

 Municipal Engineering Conferences    

 Nuclear Engineering Conferences    

 Parallel Computing Conferences    

 Pervasive Computing Conferences    

 Quantum Computing Conferences    

 Structural and Functional Imaging Conferences    

 Thermal Engineering Conferences    

 Ubiquitous Computing Conferences    

 Applied Engineering Conferences    

 Automation Engineering Conferences    

 Computational Methods Conferences    

 Computer Engineering Conferences    

 Computer Technology Conferences    

 Earthquake Engineering Conferences    

 Evolutionary Computation Conferences    

 Frontier Computing Conferences    

 Naval Engineering Conferences    

 Parallel Processing Conferences    

 Speech Processing Conferences    

 Chemical and Materials Engineering Conferences    

 Civil and Architectural Engineering Conferences    

 Civil and Environmental Engineering Conferences    

 Imaging Conferences    

 Cognitive and Language Sciences Conferences    

 Graphics Conferences    

 Computer and Information Engineering Conferences    

 Image Processing Conferences    

 Electrical and Computer Engineering Conferences    

 Computer Vision Conferences    

 Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Conferences    

 3d Computer Graphics Conferences    

 Mechanical and Materials Engineering Conferences    

 Animation Conferences    

 Mechanical and Mechatronics Engineering Conferences    

 Holography Conferences    

 Nuclear and Quantum Engineering Conferences    

 Silver Halide Conferences    

 Natural Language Processing Conferences    

 Visualization Conferences    

 Information Theory Conferences    

 Pattern Recognition Conferences    

 Engineer Conferences    

 Machine Vision Conferences    

 Computational Conferences    

 Mechanical Engineering Conferences    

 Informatics Conferences    

 Intelligent Computing Conferences    

 Cognitive Sciences Conferences    

 Computational Intelligence Conferences    

 Cognition Conferences    

 Ui Conferences    

 Intelligent Conferences    

 Bioinformatics Conferences    

 Behaviour Conferences    

 Algorithms Conferences    

 Artificial Intelligence Conferences    

 Web Science Conferences    

 Signal Conferences    

 Fuzzy Logic Conferences    

 Data Science Conferences    

 Intelligence Conferences    

 AI Conferences    

 Machine Learning Conferences    

 Ml Conferences    

 Soft Computing Conferences    

 Coding Theory Conferences    

 Cognitive Neuroscience Conferences    

 Computation Theory Conferences    

 Computer Graphics Conferences    

 Distributed Computing Conferences    

 Fusion Engineering Conferences    

 Grid Computing Conferences    

 Heat Transfer Conferences    

 High Performance Computing Conferences    

 Human-centered Computing Conferences    

 Intelligent Control Conferences    

 Molecular Engineering Conferences    

 Neural Networks Conferences    

 Other Events with Similar Location or Organizer  
    
 Conferences in Cyprus University of Technology    

 Conferences in Limassol    

 Conferences in Cyprus    

 Events by INNS International Neural Networks Society    

 People interested in this event are also interested in:  
    
 IFIP International Conference on Artificial Intelligence Applications & Innovations (AIAI)   
  26-29 Jun 2025  Limassol, Cyprus    

 20th International Conference on Mass Data Analysis of Images and Signals (MDA 2025)   
  06-09 Jul 2025  Dresden, Germany    

 4th International Conference on Intelligent Systems Design and Engineering Applications (ISDEA 2025)   
  19-21 Apr 2025  Seoul, South Korea    
   
 More Events    

 Concurrent Events  
    
 IFIP International Conference on Artificial Intelligence Applications & Innovations (AIAI)    

 Featured Conferences & Exhibitions  
    
  International Conference of Leadership Business and Managment (ICLBM)  

 San Francisco   
 14-16 Dec 2024   

  International Crop Science Conference & Exhibition  

 Dubai   
 21-22 Jan 2025   

  74th New Orleans Academy of Ophthalmology (NOAO) Annual Symposium 2025  

 New Orleans   
 21-23 Feb 2025   

  ConveyUX  

 Seattle   
 25-27 Feb 2025   

  INTED2025 - The 19th International Technology, Education and Development Conference  

 Valencia   
 03-05 Mar 2025   

  EnviroTech Athens 2025  

 Athens   
 09-12 Mar 2025   

  35th Annual Art and Science of Health Promotion Conference  

 Scottsdale   
 04-05 Apr 2025   

  InPACT 2025 - International Psychological Applications Conference and Trends  

 Budapest   
 26-28 Apr 2025   

  The Learning Ideas Conference 2025  

 New York City   
 11-13 Jun 2025   

  Primary Care Hawaii Conference - Caring for the Active and Athletic Patient  

 Koloa   
 21-25 Jul 2025   

 Articles / News / Press releases  
    
 Mechatronics    

 Work study engineering    

 Comparative Speed Control Study Using PID And fuzzy Logic Controller    

 Eye Movement Measure of AOI in the Unilingual and Intra-sentential Code-Switching Contexts and at Three Word-Frequency Levels    

 Synthetic-aperture Radar Image Processing    

 Understanding the effectiveness of technology conferences    

    Home  |  Conferences  |  Exhibitions  |  Organizers  |  Venues  |  Add Conference  |  Subscribe  |  Contact  |  Venues Directory      
   
 Share   

 Follow   

 Terms and Conditions  Privacy Policy  Cookies Policy    
   
 © 2024 Conference Locate (Clocate)   

 Search for Events  

 Search    
   
 Clear    

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
Gog_sr_cc_less   
 Skip to main content   

 VND        
          List your property   Register   Sign in     

 Stays 
  Car rentals 
  Experiences 
  Airport taxis 
  More 

 In partnership with   

 Home 
  Search results 

                     Archiepiskopou Kyprianou 30, Limassol: 444 properties found  
 Show on map     

    Sort by: Distance from place of interest          

 83% of places to stay are unavailable for your dates on our site.  

 Your results include some shared accommodations like dorm beds.  Show me private rooms only     

 Browse the results for Archiepiskopou Kyprianou 30, Limassol  

 Alinea Urban Saripolou Square   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    100 m from map center      

 Scored 9.2   
 9.2   
 Wonderful   
 351 reviews   

   Location 9.4      

 Urban Suite  
 Private suite   1 queen bed 
  Free cancellation | Only 5 left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 5,350,455  Price VND 5,350,455   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Alinea Primo Historic Center   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    150 m from map center      

 Scored 9.4   
 9.4   
 Wonderful   
 359 reviews   

   Location 9.6      

 Deluxe Suite  
 Private suite  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 35m²    2 beds (1 sofa bed, 1 queen) 
  Free cancellation | Only 4 left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 6,420,546  Price VND 6,420,546   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Metropole Hotel   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol Promenade, Limassol  Show on map    150 m from map center      

 Scored 7.7   
 7.7   
 Good   
 633 reviews   

   Location 9.3      

 Budget Twin Room  
 2 twin beds 
  Free cancellation | Only 2 rooms left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 2,140,182  Price VND 2,140,182   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Alinea Diono Historic Center   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    150 m from map center      

 Scored 9.2   
 9.2   
 Wonderful   
 58 reviews   

   Location 9.4      

 Deluxe Studio  
 Private suite    1 queen bed 
  Free cancellation | Only 4 left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 6,420,546  Price VND 6,420,546   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Limassol Old Town Mansion   
 Opens in new window   

 Anexartisias, Limassol  Show on map    200 m from map center      

 Scored 8.4   
 8.4   
 Very Good   
 1,081 reviews   

   Location 9.5      

 Standard Double Room  
 1 queen bed 
  Only 2 rooms left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 3,943,820  Price VND 3,943,820   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Looking for a space of your own?  
 Find privacy and peace of mind with an entire home or apartment to yourself   
 Show entire homes & apartments     

 Breakfast included   

 NYX Hotel Limassol by Leonardo Hotels   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol Promenade, Limassol  Show on map    250 m from map center      
   
    Sustainability certification    

 Scored 8.8   
 8.8   
 Excellent   
 2,577 reviews   

   Location 9.4      

 Design Double Star  
 Beds: 1 double or 2 twins 
  Breakfast included | Free cancellation 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 5,858,748  VND 5,272,873       
   
  Original price VND 5,858,748. Current price VND 5,272,873.   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 1 room apartment on the 1st line   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol Promenade, Limassol  Show on map    250 m from map center      

 One-Bedroom Apartment  
 1 full bed 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 2,675,227  Price VND 2,675,227   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Downtown One-bedroom Apartment Steps from the Sea   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol Promenade, Limassol  Show on map    300 m from map center      

 Exceptional 10   
 3 external reviews   

 Apartment  
 Entire apartment  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 1 kitchen  • 46m²    2 beds (1 full, 1 sofa bed) 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 3,900,482  Price VND 3,900,482   
 +VND 1,070,091 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Central One-bedroom Apartment Steps from the Sea   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol Promenade, Limassol  Show on map    300 m from map center      

 Apartment  
 Entire apartment  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 1 kitchen  • 56m²    2 beds (1 full, 1 sofa bed) 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 3,900,482  Price VND 3,900,482   
 +VND 1,421,134 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Alinea Market Agora Square   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    300 m from map center      

 Scored 9.3   
 9.3   
 Wonderful   
 68 reviews   

   Location 9.3      

 Deluxe Suite  
 Private suite  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 34m²    2 beds (1 sofa bed, 1 queen) 
  Free cancellation | Only 3 left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 6,153,023  Price VND 6,153,023   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Breakfast included   

 Old Port Hotel   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol Promenade, Limassol  Show on map    300 m from map center      

 Scored 9.1   
 9.1   
 Wonderful   
 1,522 reviews   

   Location 9.7      

 Standard Room  
 1 full bed 
  Breakfast included | Only 6 rooms left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 4,868,914  Price VND 4,868,914   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Phaedrus Living Limassol Downtown Habitat   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    350 m from map center      

 Scored 10   
 10   
 Exceptional   
 1 review   

   Location 10      

 One-Bedroom Apartment  
 Entire apartment  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 1 kitchen  • 40m²    2 beds (1 sofa bed, 1 queen) 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 5,778,491  Price VND 5,778,491   
 +VND 2,808,989 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Breakfast included   

 Bee Hostel   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    350 m from map center      

 Scored 7.6   
 7.6   
 Good   
 789 reviews   

 2 ×    
 Single Bed in Mixed Dormitory Room  
 2 beds in dorms   2 bunk beds 
  Free cancellation 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 898,876  Price VND 898,876   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Alinea Suites Limassol Center   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    400 m from map center      

 Scored 9.2   
 9.2   
 Wonderful   
 852 reviews   

 Deluxe Suite  
 Private suite  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 35m²    2 beds (1 king, 1 sofa bed) 
  Free cancellation | Only 5 left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 6,153,023  Price VND 6,153,023   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Heart Hotel   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    0.5 km from map center      

 Scored 9.2   
 9.2   
 Wonderful   
 299 reviews   

   Location 9.3      

 Double Room  
 1 queen bed 
  Only 2 rooms left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 5,671,482  Price VND 5,671,482   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Stasinou 52   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    0.7 km from map center      

 Scored 9.3   
 9.3   
 Wonderful   
 67 reviews   

   Location 9.4      

 Two-Bedroom House  
 Entire vacation home  • 2 bedrooms  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 1 kitchen  • 90m²    2 queen beds 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 4,454,254  Price VND 4,454,254   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Artemis Boutique Apartment 2   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol Promenade, Limassol  Show on map    0.7 km from map center      

 Scored 8.2   
 8.2   
 Very Good   
 38 reviews   

   Location 9.3      

 Apartment with Sea View  
 Entire apartment  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 1 kitchen  • 34m²    2 beds (1 full, 1 sofa bed) 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 1,712,681  Price VND 1,712,681   
 +VND 1,819,155 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 The Palm Suites - Adults Only   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    0.7 km from map center      

 Scored 9.0   
 9.0   
 Wonderful   
 2 reviews   

 Suite with Sea View  
 Private suite  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 22m²    1 queen bed 
  Only 1 left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 3,839,486  Price VND 3,839,486   
 +VND 1,337,614 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Pier Beach Hotel Apartments   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    0.9 km from map center      

 Scored 8.1   
 8.1   
 Very Good   
 1,624 reviews   

 Studio with City View  
 Entire studio  • 1 bathroom  • 30m²   2 twin beds 
  Only 3 left at this price on our site 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 2,414,125  Price VND 2,414,125   
 Includes taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Phaedrus Living: Limassol Seaside Residences 05   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    1 km from map center      

 Scored 9.0   
 9.0   
 Wonderful   
 4 reviews   

   Location 9.4      

 Deluxe Suite  
 Private suite    1 full bed 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 4,494,382  Price VND 4,494,382   
 +VND 2,808,989 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Phaedrus Living: Limassol Seaside Residences 02   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    1 km from map center      

 Scored 6.8   
 6.8   
 Review score   
 4 reviews   

 Deluxe Suite  
 Private suite  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 35m²    1 full bed 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 4,494,382  Price VND 4,494,382   
 +VND 2,808,989 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Phaedrus Living: Limassol Seaside Residences 04   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    1 km from map center      

 Scored 6.9   
 6.9   
 Review score   
 9 reviews   

 Deluxe Suite  
 Private suite    1 full bed 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 4,494,382  Price VND 4,494,382   
 +VND 2,808,989 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Phaedrus Living Limassol Seaside Residences 06   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    1 km from map center      

 Scored 5.3   
 5.3   
 Review score   
 6 reviews   

 Deluxe Suite  
 Private suite  • 1 bedroom  • 1 living room  • 1 bathroom  • 43m²    2 beds (1 full, 1 sofa bed) 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 4,815,409  Price VND 4,815,409   
 +VND 2,808,989 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Phaedrus Living: Limassol Seaside Residences 03   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    1 km from map center      

 Scored 6.7   
 6.7   
 Review score   
 6 reviews   

 Deluxe Suite  
 Private suite    1 full bed 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 4,494,382  Price VND 4,494,382   
 +VND 2,808,989 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 Phaedrus Living: Limassol Seaside Residences 01   
 Opens in new window   

 Limassol  Show on map    1 km from map center      

 Scored 6.0   
 6.0   
 Review score   
 1 review   

   Location 10      

 Deluxe Suite  
 Private suite    1 full bed 

 1 night , 2 adults   
 VND 4,494,382  Price VND 4,494,382   
 +VND 2,808,989 taxes and fees   
   
 See availability          

 This property is part of our Preferred Partner Program. It's committed to providing excellent service and good value. It’ll pay us a higher commission if you make a booking.   

 Search  
   
 Destination/property name:   

 Check-in date   
    26   
 Thursday, June 26, 2025        
 Check-out date   
    27   
 Friday, June 27, 2025        
 1-night stay   
   
 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room        
   
      I'm traveling for work   

 Search     

 Filter by:  
   
 Your budget (per night)    
 VND 500,000 – VND 10,000,000+   

 Popular filters    
   
       Free cancellation   
 303    

       Less than 3 km   
 68    
 Distance from address   

       Twin beds   
 171    

       4 stars   

 89    

       Parking   
 386    

       Kitchen/Kitchenette   
 362    

       Very Good: 8+   
 334    
 Based on guest reviews   

       Breakfast Included   
 80    

 Distance from address    
   
       Less than 1 km   
 28    

       Less than 3 km   
 68    

       Less than 5 km   
 89    

 Property rating  Find high-quality hotels and vacation rentals   

       1 star   

 2    

       2 stars   

 2    

       3 stars   

 253    

       4 stars   

 89    

       5 stars   

 22    

 Certifications    
   
       Sustainability certification   
 18    

 Reservation policy    
   
       Free cancellation   
 303    

       Book without credit card   
 1    

 Facilities    
   
       Parking   
 386    

       Restaurant   
 92    

       Pet friendly   
 87    

 Show all 14      

 Room facilities    
   
       Upper floors accessible by stairs only   
 137    

       Barbecue   
 86    

       Additional bathroom   
 24    

 Show all 25      

 Meals    
   
       Kitchen facilities   
 362    

       Breakfast Included   
 80    

       All meals included   
 8    

 Show all 6      

 Online Payment    
   
       Accepts online payments   
 405    

 Review score    
   
       Wonderful: 9+   
 189    

       Very Good: 8+   
 334    

       Good: 7+   
 378    

       Pleasant: 6+   
 388    

 Property Type    
   
       Hotel   
   
 Chains, resorts, and more   

       Hotels   
 49    

       Resorts   
 13    

       Guesthouses   
 9    

       Bed and Breakfasts   
 4    

       Hostels   
 3    

       Vacation rental   
   
 Houses, apartments, and more   

       Apartments   
 227    

       Houses   
 61    

       Villas   
 36    

       Chalets   
 3    

       Bungalows   
 1    

       Mobile homes   
 1    

       Nature stays   
   
 Campsites, cabins, and more   

       Campgrounds   
 1    

       Lodges   
 1    

 Brands    
   
       Louis Hotels   
 7    

       Your.Rentals   
 5    

       Leonardo Hotels   
 4    

 Show all 9      

 Beach Access    
   
       Beachfront   
 84    

 Fun Things To Do    
   
       Beach   
 133    

       Hiking   
 77    

       Cycling   
 71    

 Show all 5      

 Bed preference    
   
       Twin beds   
 171    

       Double bed   
 422    

 Bedrooms and bathrooms    
   
  Bedrooms   
    
      0         

  Bathrooms   
    
      0         

 Property Accessibility    
   
       Toilet with grab rails   
 22    

 Show all 7      

 Room Accessibility    
   
       Entire unit located on ground floor   
 104    

 Show all 11      

     Show on map     

 List your property   

 Mobile version 
  Your account 
  Make changes online to your booking 
  Customer Service Help 
  Become an affiliate 
  Booking.com for Business 

 Countries 
  Regions 
  Cities 
  Districts 
  Airports 
  Hotels 
  Places of interest 
    
 Homes 
  Apartments 
  Resorts 
  Villas 
  Hostels 
  B&Bs 
  Guest Houses 
    
 Unique places to stay 
  Reviews 
  Discover monthly stays 
  Seasonal and holiday deals 
  Traveller Review Awards 
    
 Booking.com for Travel Agents 
    
 Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs 
  About Booking.com 
  Customer Service Help 
  Partner help 
  Careers 
  Sustainability 
  Press Center 
  Safety Resource Center 
  Investor relations 
  Terms & Conditions 
  Partner dispute 
  How We Work 
  Privacy & cookie statement 
  Modern Slavery Statement 
  Human Rights Statement 
  Corporate contact 
  Content guidelines and reporting 

 Extranet Log-in    
 Copyright © 1996–2024 Booking.com™. All rights reserved.   

 1 book30   

 Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services.  

 Start of dialog content  Verified reviews from real guests.  
 We have more than 70 million property reviews, all from real, verified guests  .  
   
 How does it work?  
 1 | It starts with a booking | It starts with a booking | The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 
   2 | Followed by a trip | Followed by a trip | When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more. 
   3 | And finally, a review | And finally, a review | After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. 

 If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.  
 Sign in and leave a review    
 End of dialog content    
 Check-in date  
 Check-out date  
   
 «                    »     
  
 Mo | Tu | We | Th | Fr | Sa | Su 
  
 Close calendar    

      Sign in to continue   
 Sign in to your account     
 or use one of these options    

 Don't have an account yet? Create your account    

 Close map        

 Loading properties...   

 gogless   

 2110560,2148970,2138490,2148970|5,2086050,2141270

31. Conference ECAI_0:
Toggle navigation          
 INFO 
  ORGANIZERS 
  IMPORTANT DEADLINES 

         - A DAY IN BOLOGNA   - TOURIST INFORMATION           - A DAY IN BOLOGNA   - TOURIST INFORMATION        

 We are honoured and delighted to invite you  
  to the historic city of Bologna  for the 28th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence  ,  
  which will take place on October 25-30, 2025  .  

   BASIC INFORMATION  

 VENUE   
 Bologna (Italy)   

 DATE   
 October 25-30, 2025   

 INTRODUCTION  

 In Bologna you will find the most ancient University of the world  , founded in 1088, and nowadays ranked amongst the most important and influencing European academic institutions.  
 In this charming medieval city you will also find a thriving scientific environment  , where research on AI is conducted side by side to public bodies (CINECA Consortium hosts the largest Italian computing center for Big Data; the EU chose the data center of the European Center for Weather Forecast), and to the private initiative (the region has the largest number of startup companies per inhabitant in Italy).  
 Many researchers are already exploiting AI to solve a plethora of sustainability-related issues.  
 We strongly believe that AI will be the key to also understand the sustainability theme in a holistic manner, helping us to reach some awareness over the complexities of our planet, our ecosystems, and our societies.  
 The conference will be supported by the European Association for Artificial Intelligence (EurAI)  and the Italian Association for Artificial Intelligence (AIxIA)  .  
 We are eager to meet you in Bologna, to know your ideas and views over AI, to share knowledge and to enjoy together some unforgettable moments.  

   IMPORTANT DEADLINES  

 SUBMISSIONSITE OPENING   
 Thursday, 10 April 2025   

 ABSTRACT DEADLINE   
 Tuesday, 29 April 2025   

 PAPER DEADLINE   
 Tuesday, 6 May 2025   

 REBUTTAL PERIOD   
 Monday-Wednesday 23-25 June 2025   

 AUTHOR NOTIFICATION   
 Thursday, 10 July 2025   

 ORGANIZERS  

 Organizing Committee Chairs  
 Federico Chesani   
     
 Michela Milano    
 Andrea Omicini    

 Program Chairs  
 Inês Lynce  
   Aniello Murano   

 Conference Chair  
 Mehdi Dastani  

 PAIS Chairs  
 Serena Villata   
  Mauro Vallati   

 Workshop Chairs  
 Vida Groznik   
  Vadim Malvone   

 Tutorial Chair  
 Fernando Mantinez  
  Tias Guns  

 Doctoral Consortium Chairs  
 Ana Ozaki   
  Hélène Verhaeghe   

 Demo Chairs  
 Bruno Lacerda   
  Anna Gautier   

 Journal Track Chairs  
 Esra Erdem  
  Natasha Alechina  

 Workflow Managers Chairs  
 Sanja Lukumbuzya   
  Andrei Ciortea   

 Diversity & Inclusion Chairs  
 Vahid Yazdanpanah   
  Shihan Wang   

   ORGANIZING SECRETARIAT  
 Planning Congressi SRL   
  Via Guelfa, 9   
  40138 – Bologna, Italy  
  www.planning.it    

 PRIVACY & COOKIES  
 Privacy policy   
 Cookie policy   

 Copyright 2023-2026 Prospero Multilab Srl. All rights reserved    

      We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.  Ok  Privacy policy      
   
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

32. Conference EC-TEL_0:
Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
  Menu               

 EA-TEL Association | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL Conference | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS Summer School | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL Project | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 

 ECTEL Conference  
   
 Home 

 EATEL organises the annual European Conference on Technology-Enhanced Learning EC-TEL  .  
 This conference is one of the conferences with the longest trajectory in the field of Technology Enhanced Learning. It has become the main conference in Europe in this topic, and it usually attracts the main researchers in the field within Europe, as well as researchers from across the world. In addition, the conference is the meeting point for European Research Projects in the field of Technology Enhanced Learning.  

 Upcoming conference  
 ECTEL 2024   

 Recent conference  
 ECTEL 2023   

 Publication and Proceedings  
 All ECTEL papers are peer-reviewed. The conference is using a double-blinded approach.  
 Full papers are published with Springer in the Lecture Notes on Computer Science (LNCS): ECTEL proceedings on Springer  .  

 ECTEL Proceedings - full papers  
 18th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  , 4-8 September 2023 | Aveiro, Portugal  
 EC-TEL 2023 Proceedings Responsive and Sustainable Educational Futures  74 Papers  
  
 17th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  , 12-16 September 2022 | Toulouse, France  
 EC-TEL 2022 Proceedings Educating for a New Future: Making Sense of Technology-Enhanced Learning Adoption  61 Papers  
  
 16th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  , 20-24 September 2021 | Online (Bozen-Bolzano, Italy)  
 EC-TEL 2021 Proceedings Technology-Enhanced Learning for a Free, Safe, and Sustainable World  50 Papers  
  
 15th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  , 14-18 September | Online (Heidelberg, Germany)  
 EC-TEL 2020 Proceedings Addressing Global Challenges and Quality Education  50 Papers  
  
 14th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 16-19 September | Delft, The Netherlands  
 EC-TEL 2019 Proceedings Transforming Learning with Meaningful Technologies  86 Papers  
  
 13th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 3-6 September | Leeds, United Kingdom  
 EC-TEL 2018 Proceedings Lifelong Technology-Enhanced Learning  69 Papers  
  
 12th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 12-15 September | Tallinn, Estonia  
 EC-TEL 2017 Proceedings Data Driven Approaches in Digital Education  75 Papers  
  
 11th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 13-16 September | Lyon, France  
 EC-TEL 2016 Proceedings Adaptive and Adaptable Learning  90 Papers  
  
 10th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 15-18 September | Toledo, Spain  
 EC-TEL 2015 Proceedings Design for Teaching and Learning in a Networked World  78 Papers  
  
 9th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 16-19 September | Graz, Austria  
 EC-TEL 2014 Proceedings Open Learning and Teaching in Educational Communities  87 Papers  
  
 8th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 17-21 September | Paphos, Cyprus  
 EC-TEL 2013 Proceedings Scaling up Learning for Sustained Impact  93 Papers  
  
 7th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 18-21 September | Saarbrücken, Germany  
 EC-TEL 2012 Proceedings 21st Century Learning for 21st Century Skills  66 Papers  
  
 6th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 20-23 September | Palermo, Italy  
 EC-TEL 2011 Proceedings Towards Ubiquitous Learning  52 Papers  
  
 5th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 28 September – 1 | October Barcelona, Spain  
 EC-TEL 2010 Proceedings Sustaining TEL: From Innovation to Learning and Practice  68 Papers  
  
 4th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 29 September – 2 | October Nice, France  
 EC-TEL 2009 Proceedings Learning in the Synergy of Multiple Disciplines  88 Papers  
  
 3rd European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, 16-19 September | Maastricht, The Netherlands  
 EC-TEL 2008 Proceedings Times of Convergence. Technologies Across Learning Contexts  52 Papers  
  
 2nd European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  , 17-20 September | Crete, Greece  
 EC-TEL 2007 Proceedings Creating New Learning Experiences on a Global Scale  46 Papers  
  
 1st European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  , 1-4 October | Crete, Greece  
 EC-TEL 2006 Proceedings Innovative Approaches for Learning and Knowledge Sharing  78 Papers  

 ECTEL Doctoral Consortium papers  
 Doctoral Consortium papers are published by CEUR-WS.  
 ECTEL DC 2023 Proceedings of the Doctoral Consortium at the European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  13 Papers  
 ECTEL DC 2022 Proceedings of the Doctoral Consortium at the European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  12 Papers  
 ECTEL DC 2021 Proceedings of the Doctoral Consortium at the European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  15 Papers  
 ECTEL DC 2018 Proceedings of the Doctoral Consortium at the European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  11 Papers  
 ECTEL DC 2013 Proceedings of the Doctoral Consortium at the European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  17 Papers  
 ECTEL DC 2010 Proceedings of the 5th Doctoral Consortium at the European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  18 Papers  

 ECTEL Workshop papers  
 Workshop papers are published by CEUR-WS.  

 ECTEL Steering committee  
 The ECTEL Conference Steering Committee is responsible for coordinating the continuation of the annual conference series of the EATEL, the European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning (ECTEL).  
 The steering group discusses and decides on bids for future ECTEL venues. Parties interested in the local organization of an ECTEL event can send a bid following the instructions in the annual call for bids.  
 Members of the steering group are all former program chairs of ECTEL and the presidents of EATEL.  
 The steering group meets every year at the EATEL general assembly.  
 The steering committee can be contacted via the chair Marcus Specht  .  

 Chair  
 Marcus Specht | (TU Delft, The Netherlands) 
  Members  
 Marco Kalz | (Heidelberg University of Education, Germany) 
  Sara de Freitas (University of Sussex, UK) 
  Carlos Delgado Kloos (Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain) 
  Wolfgang Nejdl (Leibniz Universität Hannove, Germany) 
  Denis Gillet | (École Polytechnique Fédérale de Laussanne, Switzerland) 
  Pierre Dillenbourg (École Polytechnique Fédérale de Laussanne, Switzerland) 
  Stefanie Lindstaed (Graz University, Austria) 
  Paul Kirschner (Open University of the Netherlands, The Netherlands) 
  Andrew Ravenscroft (University of East London, UK) 
  Peter Scott (University College London, UK) 
  Vania Dimitrova (University of Leeds, UK) 
  Davinia Hernández-Leo | (Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Spain) 
  Tobias Ley | (Danube University Krems, Austria and Tallinn University, Estonia) 
  Christoph Rensing (Technische Universität Darmstadt, Germany) 
  Tomaz Klobucar (Jozef Stefan Institute, Germany) 
  Grainne Conole (Dublin City University, UK) 
  Katrien Verbert (KU Leuven, Belgium) 
  Mike Sharples (The Open University, UK) 
  Elise Lavoue | (Université Jean Moulin Lyon 3, France) 
  Hendrik Drachsler | (University of Frankfurt, Germany) 
  Mar Pérez-Sanagustín | (Université Paul Sabatier de Toulouse III, France) 
  Viktoria Pammer-Schindler | (Graz University, Austria) 
  Julien Broisin | (Université Paul Sabatier de Toulouse III, France) 
  Maren Scheffel | (Ruhr-Universität Bochum, Germany) 
  María Jesus Rodríguez-Triana | (Tallinn University, Estonia) 
  Carlos Alario-Hoyos | (Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain) 
  Yannis A. Dimitriadis (Universidad de Valladolid, Spain) 
  Dragan Gasevic (Monash University, Australia) 
  Abelardo Pardo (University of South Australia, Australia) 
  ‪Peter Brusilovsky‬ (University of Pittsburgh, USA) 
  Martin Wolpers (†) 
  Erik Duval (†) 
  Ralf Klamma | (†) 

 ECTEL 2024  
 Conference 
  Theme 
  Call for papers 
  Important dates 
  Review criteria 
  Accepted papers 
  Programme 
  Keynote speakers 
  Workshops 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Posters 
  Proceedings 
  Venue 
  Registration 
  Social events 
  Committee 
  Supporting organisations 

   Join EATEL       

 EATEL  
 About EATEL 
  EATEL Board 
  Institutional Members 
  Join Us 

 Activities  
 Special Interest Groups 
  Webinars 

 Events  
 ECTEL Conference 
  JTEL Summer School 
  DE-TEL Project 

 Contact  
 Address: Langwartweg 60, 53129 Bonn, Germany  
 Email: office@ea-tel.eu  

 TOP    
 2024 Copyright © EATEL - European Association of Technology Enhanced Learning   

   EA-TEL | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 
  Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
    
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

     
Call for papers data: 
 Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
  Menu               

 EA-TEL Association | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL Conference | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS Summer School | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL Project | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 

 ECTEL 2024: Call for papers  
   
 Home 
  ECTEL 2024 

 Nineteenth European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  
 Inclusive and equitable quality education for all  
 Krems, Austria, 16-20 September 2024  

 Call for Papers  
 The European Conference on Technology-Enhanced Learning (ECTEL) engages researchers, practitioners, educational developers, entrepreneurs, industry leaders and policy makers to address current challenges and advances in the field. ECTEL 2024 will take place face-to-face on 16-20 September 2024 in Krems, Austria, with the theme What is the role of TEL to ensure inclusive and equitable quality education for all?    

 Theme  
 In a world undergoing rapid transformation due to technological advancements (e.g., Generative Artificial Intelligence, the Internet of Things, and Connectivity Technologies), the education landscape is also expanding with new possibilities. However, these advancements bring complex challenges, including effective adoption of technology in educational settings, ethical concerns, and the possible digital divide these technologies could create. Therefore, the theme for the 2024 conference aims to investigate the role of Technology-Enhanced Learning (TEL) in achieving the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goal for education: “Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all.”  
 This year’s conference explores the role of TEL within this critical context. We invite submissions that enhance our comprehension of how TEL can promote an equitable, high-quality education for all. Topics of interest include but are not limited to strategies for strengthening digital/AI literacy, facilitating lifelong learning, improving accessibility, and mitigating the digital divide issue. We are interested in papers that not only explore the adoption of emerging technologies for enhancing the educational experience but also explore the limitations of these technologies and undertake investigations in different learning environments and cross-cultural settings. In alignment with the focus on sustainability in past ECTEL conferences, we also welcome papers that offer insights into the scalable and sustainable deployment of these technologies.  
 The topics of interest are grouped into seven blocks. The detailed list of topics of interest for the conference can be found here  .  
 Pedagogical and theoretical underpinning of educational technologies 
  Technologies used for learning 
  Individual, social, and organisational learning processes 
  Ethics, privacy, regulations and policies 
  Learning communities and contexts 
  Global teaching and learning 
  Quality education for underrepresented groups 
  We invite submissions through research papers, demonstrations, posters  , and workshops  . In addition, a doctoral consortium  will be organised to run concurrently with the workshops, offering a platform for doctoral candidates to present and discuss their research.  

 Submission Formats  
 Research papers (8-15 pages, including references)  
 No matter the length, research papers are expected to be mature research contributions to the field of technology-enhanced learning. Research papers should clearly define research objectives and questions that fit within the scope of the conference and its topics. In addition, research papers should discuss the state-of-the-art in the area in which the work is framed, how the new proposal advances state of the art, present an appropriate research methodology, as well as present and discuss the results of the research conducted. Preliminary results or work in progress fit very well in the poster paper category. Research papers should highlight their novelty and contribution to the field. It is important for ECTEL 2024 research papers to consider both technology and learning.  
 Accepted research papers will be published in LNCS Springer Conference Proceedings.  

 Poster papers (4-6 pages, including references)  
 Poster Papers report on significant work-in-progress research and developments that fit within the scope of the conference and its topics. Theoretical and practice-oriented contributions are welcomed. The submission should include theoretical background, a description of the work, preliminary results, and references.  
 Accepted poster papers will be published in LNCS Springer Conference Proceedings.  

 Demonstration papers (4-6 pages, including references)  
 Demonstration papers are expected to describe innovative TEL applications, practices and prototypes aligned with the conference theme and topics (e.g. dashboards, recommender systems, chatbots, practice-oriented contributions, etc.). The submission should include pedagogical and technological background, a description of the application/practice/prototype/use case to demonstrate its relevance, results and outcomes achieved, future agenda and/or next steps.   
 Accepted demonstration papers will be published in LNCS Springer Conference Proceedings.  

 Workshop proposals  
 Workshops provide a venue for community building and idea generation for emerging research topics to groups of like-minded researchers and practitioners, further elaborating on how learning technologies can add educational value to the different stakeholders and contribute to effective education.  
 Workshop proposals will not be published in the conference proceedings.  
 Workshops Organisers interested in coordinating a workshop are welcome to submit a proposal by filling out a form available on this page  .  

 Doctoral Consortium (5-10 pages, including references)  
 The Doctoral Consortium is an exceptional opportunity for PhD candidates to present, discuss, and receive feedback on their research in an interdisciplinary and international atmosphere. Prominent professors and researchers in the field of Technology-Enhanced Learning will provide formative feedback to the selected papers through the review process and contribute actively to discussions at the workshop.  
    
 The submissions will be submitted for publication in CEUR Workshops Proceedings  .   
 More information on preparing the submission and application procedures will be made available early next year.   

 Important Dates  
 Research, Posters, and Demonstration Papers   
 15 March 2024  22 March 2024 EXTENDED | – Mandatory submission of an abstract (to prepare the review phase) 
  29 March 2024  5 April 2024 EXTENDED | – Submission of the full version 
  31 May 2024 | – Notification of acceptance 
  14 June 2024  – | Camera-ready versions 
  16-20 September 2024 – | ECTEL 2024 conference 
  Workshops   
 10 May 2024 | – Submission of workshop proposal 
  24 May 2024 | – Workshop acceptance notifications 
  7 June 2024 | – Workshop websites launched 
  16-17 September 2024 | – ECTEL 2024 Workshops 
  Doctoral Consortium   
 1 April 2024 | – PhD candidate application opens 
  17 June 2024 | – PhD candidate application deadline 
  22 July 2024 | – Doctoral Consortium reviews 
  16 September 2024 | – EC-TEL 2024 Doctoral Consortium 
  14 October 2024 | – Camera-ready version of the improved submission 
  November 2024 | – Expected publication date 

 Submission Guidelines  
 Double-blind Review  
 All papers submitted to ECTEL, except Doctoral Consortium submissions, will be reviewed through a double-blind review process, meaning that author names are not disclosed to the reviewers and reviewer names are not disclosed to the authors.   
 For this purpose, authors must submit their manuscript:   
 without any reference to themselves and their institutions; 
  without any URLs to projects, products or self-developed systems; 
  with relevant self-references blinded or written in the third person. 

 Preparing Your Submission  
 Research, poster and demonstration paper  authors must consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines,  and follow Springer policies on publication  (including policies on the use of AI in the authoring process).  
 The use of the supplied template is mandatory in the preparation of their papers:  
 LaTeX template | (also available on | Overleaf | ) 
  Microsoft Word template | ( | Microsoft Word 2003 | ) 
  Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs  in their papers.  
 Before submission, please make sure that the paper does not exceed the allocated number of pages and does not include appendices.  
 Upload your submission to ECTEL 2024 EasyChair submission system  before the official deadline ( 29 March 2024, 23:59 UTC-12). Abstracts are due 15 March 2024.   
  
 Please note that:  
 Workshop proposals | will be handled separately, and submissions will be made using another system specified on this page  . 
  Doctoral Consortium submissions | should follow the instructions that will be published at a later date. 

 Proceedings Publication  
 Accepted research, poster and demo papers will be published in the conference proceedings. Like every year, the proceedings will be published within Springer “Lecture Notes in Computer Science” (LNCS) Series  .  
 Please note that at least one of the authors of each accepted submission must register for the conference by the camera-ready deadline for the paper to be included in the proceedings.   
 If you are interested in publishing your paper Open Access, please contact us and refer to Springer’s LNCS webpage  for prices and additional information. The authors or their institutions must cover costs for the OA publication. The invoicing address and the CC-BY licence-to-publish agreement must be submitted to Springer by the deadline for the camera-ready version.  
 Workshop proposals and workshop contributions will not be included in the conference proceedings. Workshop organisers who wish to publish workshop contributions or outcomes are expected to manage the process independently.  
 Doctoral Consortium papers will be published in CEUR Workshop Proceedings ( CEUR-WS  ).  

 Statement on Open Science  
 As in previous years, we want to encourage Open Science within the EATEL research community. We therefore encourage authors to document their research in a reproducible and verifiable manner, and in general to use Open Science best practices. Two best practices that we specifically would be happy to see in ECTEL 2024 research papers are:   
 Pre-registration. Results from empirical studies are more robust when researchers predefine a research and analysis plan and register it before data collection. To do so, we encourage authors to use services like | AsPredicted | and the | Open Science Framework | to preregister their research so that confirmatory and exploratory analyses can be better evaluated. The research manuscript should then include a link to the preregistration repository. 
  Sharing data and code for replication purposes. Sharing data sources (always anonymised!) as well as the scripts or programs you used to analyse them can help other researchers to reproduce, replicate or extend your analysis. We encourage authors to share this information by providing a link to the data and code in the manuscript. 

 Invitation to publish in a Special Issue for the Journal of Computer Assisted Learning or IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies  
 Best paper nominations and additional selected papers will be invited to submit an extended article to a Special Issue dedicated to ECTEL 2024 in Wiley’s Journal of Computer Assisted Learning  or as a regular submission to IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies  . The extended articles need to have 30% new content and contain design-relevant knowledge as envisioned by each journal.  
 The extended papers submitted to either of the two venues will undergo a new review process and acceptance is not guaranteed.  

 Conference Organization  
 Details on the Conference Organization Committee can be found here  .  

 ECTEL 2024  
 Conference 
  Theme 
  Call for papers 
  Important dates 
  Review criteria 
  Accepted papers 
  Programme 
  Keynote speakers 
  Workshops 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Posters 
  Proceedings 
  Venue 
  Registration 
  Social events 
  Committee 
  Supporting organisations 

   Join EATEL       

 EATEL  
 About EATEL 
  EATEL Board 
  Institutional Members 
  Join Us 

 Activities  
 Special Interest Groups 
  Webinars 

 Events  
 ECTEL Conference 
  JTEL Summer School 
  DE-TEL Project 

 Contact  
 Address: Langwartweg 60, 53129 Bonn, Germany  
 Email: office@ea-tel.eu  

 TOP    
 2024 Copyright © EATEL - European Association of Technology Enhanced Learning   

   EA-TEL | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 
  Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
    
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

     Important dates data: 
 Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
  Menu               

 EA-TEL Association | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL Conference | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS Summer School | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL Project | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 

 ECTEL 2024: Important dates  
   
 Home 
  ECTEL 2024 

 Nineteenth European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning  
 Inclusive and equitable quality education for all  
 Krems, Austria, 16-20 September 2024  

 Research papers, Posters, and Demonstrations  
 15 March 2024  22 March 2024 EXTENDED | – Mandatory submission of an abstract (to prepare the review phase) 
  29 March 2024  5 April 2024 EXTENDED | – Submission of the full version 
  31 May 2024 | – Notification of acceptance 
  14 June 2024  – | Camera-ready versions 
  16-20 September 2024 – | ECTEL 2024 conference 

 Workshops  
 10 May 2024 | – Submission of workshop proposal 
  24 May 2024 | – Workshop acceptance notifications 
  31 May 2024 | – Workshop websites launched 
  16-17 September 2024 | – ECTEL 2024 Workshops 

 Doctoral Consortium  
 1 April 2024 | – PhD candidate application opens 
  17 June 2024  24 June 2024 EXTENDED | – PhD candidate application deadline 
  22 July 2024 | – Doctoral Consortium reviews 
  16 September 2024 | – EC-TEL 2024 Doctoral Consortium 
  October 2024 | – Camera-ready version of the improved submission 
  November 2024 | – Expected publication date 

 Conference  
 16-17 September 2024 | – Workshops 
  18-20 September 2024 | – Conference days 

 All submission deadlines are 11:59pm UTC-12  

 ECTEL 2024  
 Conference 
  Theme 
  Call for papers 
  Important dates 
  Review criteria 
  Accepted papers 
  Programme 
  Keynote speakers 
  Workshops 
  Doctoral Consortium 
  Posters 
  Proceedings 
  Venue 
  Registration 
  Social events 
  Committee 
  Supporting organisations 

   Join EATEL       

 EATEL  
 About EATEL 
  EATEL Board 
  Institutional Members 
  Join Us 

 Activities  
 Special Interest Groups 
  Webinars 

 Events  
 ECTEL Conference 
  JTEL Summer School 
  DE-TEL Project 

 Contact  
 Address: Langwartweg 60, 53129 Bonn, Germany  
 Email: office@ea-tel.eu  

 TOP    
 2024 Copyright © EATEL - European Association of Technology Enhanced Learning   

   EA-TEL | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 
  Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
    
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT

33. Conference ECAI_1:
27TH EUROPEAN CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
 19-24 OCTOBER 2024  
  Santiago de Compostela  

 NEWS 
  REGISTRATION 
  SPONSORSHIPS | CONFERENCE SPONSORS   SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
  PROGRAMME | SCHEDULE AT A GLANCE   DETAILED SCHEDULE   KEYNOTE SPEAKERS   DISSERTATION AWARD TALK   PAIS INVITED SPEAKER   FRONTIERS IN AI   PANELS AND SPECIAL SESSIONS   DEMOS AND OUTREACH ACTIVITIES   BIRDS OF A FEATHER SESSIONS   WORLD COMPUTER CHESS CHAMPIONSHIPS   WORKSHOPS   TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   ACCEPTED PAPERS   SOCIAL PROGRAMME 
  CALLS | CALL FOR MAIN-TRACK PAPERS   CALL FOR PAIS PAPERS   CALL FOR DEMOS   CALL FOR WORKSHOPS   CALL FOR TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   LUNCH WITH A EURAI FELLOW   JOURNAL TRACK   Call for Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) Sessions 
  COMMITTEES | CHAIRS   ORGANIZING COMMITTEE   AREA CHAIRS   SENIOR PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PAIS COMMITTEE   DEMO TRACK COMMITTEE   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM COMMITTEE   ADDITIONAL REVIEWERS 
  AWARDS | DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD   DISSERTATION AWARD   OUTSTANDING PAPER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING DEMO AWARD   OUTSTANDING PC MEMBER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING SPC MEMBER AWARDS 
  ATTENDING | SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA   VENUES   ATTENDANCE POLICY   ACCOMMODATION   TRAVEL GRANTS   POSTER PRINTING AND ASSISTANCE   CONFERENCE APP   TRANSPORT   CODE OF CONDUCT   MULTIMEDIA REPOSITORY 
  CONTACT 
   
 We are social:         

  LATEST NEWS  
   
 November 20  The ECAI 2024 multimedia repository is now available. You can access it at https://s.citius.gal/ecai24photos  .  

 October 24  ECAI-2024 has just concluded. Our heartfelt thanks to all the people, institutions, and sponsors whose efforts helped to make it happen. We hope to see many of you in Bologna next year for ECAI-2025  !  

 See all news     

 ECAI, the European Conference on Artificial Intelligence, is Europe’s premier AI research venue. We are pleased to host the 27th edition of this conference in person, in Santiago de Compostela, a city which has been for centuries the destination of pilgrims and travellers from all over Europe. ECAI-2024 will feature, as usual, a full programme of technical papers, as well as many AI-related events of interest to researchers, students and industry professionals. This includes workshops and tutorials, invited talks, special sessions, as well as ECAI’s sister conference on AI applications (PAIS).  
 The conference is organised by the European Association for Artificial Intelligence (EurAI) and the Spanish Artificial Intelligence Society (AEPIA) and it is hosted by CiTIUS, the Research Centre on Intelligent Technologies of the University of Santiago de Compostela.  
 Although the first conference to be labelled “European Conference on AI” was ECAI-1982 held in Orsay near Paris, the European AI community has traditionally considered the first four biennial Conferences on Artificial Intelligence and Simulation of Behaviour (Brighton 1974, Edinburgh 1976, Hamburg 1978 and Amsterdam 1980) as “European Conferences on AI.” This is why we celebrate in 2024 in Santiago de Compostela, with the 27th ECAI, 50 years of European Conferences on AI and this is the motivation for ECAI 2024 motto: "Celebrating the past. Inspiring the future"  .  
 To find out more about the history of ECAI, please visit the EurAI website.   

 ORGANISED BY  
   
 The conference is organised by the European Association for Artificial Intelligence (EurAI)  and the Spanish AI Society (AEPIA)  , and hosted by the Intelligent Systems Group  and the CiTIUS-Research Centre on Intelligent Technologies of the University of Santiago de Compostela  .   

 SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA  
 Welcome to Santiago de Compostela, the capital of the Autonomous Community of Galicia; declared a World Heritage City by UNESCO thanks to its monumental beauty, extraordinary conservation and as the final destination of a thousand-year-old pilgrim route: the Way of St. James, which, since the 9th century, has transformed this finis terrae into a meeting place of Western faith and thinking.  

 VENUES  
   
 GALICIA CONFERENCE AND EXHIBITION CENTRE  
 Continuing the centuries-old Compostela tradition of hospitality and thanks to its professionalism and the quality of services it offers, the Galicia Conference and Exhibition Centre has become a national and international benchmark in the sector of organizing and hosting events.   
    
 Indoor map of the Galicia Conference and Exhibition Centre: Where you can sense the history behind the 50th anniversary of ECAI. Download it here   

 SCHOOLS OF PHILOLOGY AND COMMUNICATION SCIENCES  
 These buildings, located in the North Campus, will host ECAI 2024 workshops, tutorials and the doctoral consortium.   
    
 Indoor map of the School of Philology: Where you can feel the spirit of the French and Portuguese Ways. Download it here   
   
 Indoor map of the School of Communication Sciences: Where you can feel the spirit of the Winter, English, Northern and Fisterra Ways. Download it here   

 GALICIA’S CITY OF CULTURE  
 Galicia’s City of Culture rises on the top of mount Gaiás as a formidable architectural milestone for the new century.  
 Designed by Peter Eisenman, the Museum Building will host the Conference Dinner.  

 AUDITORIO DE GALICIA  
 This beautiful complex, neighbouring the University's North Campus and a few steps from the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela, will host the Welcome Reception.  

 Organisers  
   
 GENERAL CHAIR  
     
 Fredrik Heintz  
 Linköping Univesity  

 PROGRAM COMMITTEE CHAIRS  
     
 Ulle Endriss  
 University of Amsterdam  

 Francisco S. Melo  
 INESC-ID Lisboa  

 ORGANIZING COMMITTEE CHAIRS  
     
 Senén Barro  
 CiTIUS, Univ. Santiago de Compostela  

 Alberto Bugarín  
 CiTIUS, Univ. Santiago de Compostela  

 José Alonso  
 CiTIUS, Univ. Santiago de Compostela  

 PAIS CHAIR  
     
 Kerstin Bach  
 Norwegian University of Science and Technology  

 WORKSHOP CHAIRS  
     
 Noa Agmon  
 Bar-Ilan University  

 Michela Milano  
 University of Bologna  

 TUTORIAL CHAIRS  
     
 Margret Keuper  
 University of Mannheim  

 Gabriele Röger  
 University of Basel  

 DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM CHAIRS  
     
 Fernando P. Santos  
 University of Amsterdam  

 Anaëlle Wilczynski  
 Université Paris-Saclay  

 DEMO CHAIR  
     
 Reyhan Aydoğan  
 Ozyegin University  

 JOURNAL TRACK CHAIR  
     
 Gregor Behnke  
 University of Amsterdam  

 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION CHAIRS  
     
 Isabel Neto  
 Universidade de Lisboa  

 Samia Touileb  
 University of Bergen  

 PUBLICITY CHAIR  
     
 Luis Magdalena  
 Universidad Politécnica de Madrid  

 WORKFLOW MANAGERS  
     
 Diogo Carvalho  
 INESC-ID and Instituto Superior Técnico  

 Simon Rey  
 University of Amsterdam  

 LUNCH WITH A EurAI FELLOW CHAIR  
     
 Pedro Larrañaga  
 Universidad Politécnica de Madrid  

 ECAI 2024  
 50 YEARS BUILDING THE FUTURE WITH AI  
   
 Santiago de Compostela, declared a World Heritage City by UNESCO in 1985, has been for centuries the final destination for people all over Europe through the historical Routes to Santiago de Compostela.  
 The city was elected to host ECAI’s 2020 edition, which finally went online because of the COVID pandemic. Despite such extraordinary circumstances, Digital ECAI2020 was a huge success, with more than 5,000 attendees online. Because of this, EurAI decided that Santiago would host the 2024 edition as well.  
   
 ECAI 2024  
 19-24 OCTOBER 2024 SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA  

 SPONSORSHIP  
   
 THANK YOU TO OUR SPONSORS!  
 Thanks to the sponsors who are already supporting ECAI2024. Together we are making Santiago de Compostela the world capital of AI during 19-24 October 2024.  
 Main Partners  

 Platinum Sponsors  

 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsors  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 Institutional Sponsorships  

 Organised by  

 Hosted by  

 Media accreditation & Press Inquiries  
 If you are a journalist interested in covering the ECAI 2024 conference, please contact our press office for media relations. We will assist you with any inquiries and guide you through the accreditation process to obtain your press pass for the event.  
 Contact us at   
     press@ecai2024.eu     +34 881 81 64 11    
   
 we are listening  
        I have read and agree to the PRIVACY POLICY   Send    

 Contact  e-mail: technicalsecretariat@ecai2024.eu    
  Follow us    
   
 Pictures courtesy of Fundación Cidade da Cultura and Santiagoturismo    
   
 2023 © 27th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence ECAI 2024  Privacy policy & Cookie policy    

  
Call for papers data: 
   

 27TH EUROPEAN CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
 19-24 OCTOBER 2024  
  Santiago de Compostela  

 NEWS 
  REGISTRATION 
  SPONSORSHIPS | CONFERENCE SPONSORS   SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
  PROGRAMME | SCHEDULE AT A GLANCE   DETAILED SCHEDULE   KEYNOTE SPEAKERS   DISSERTATION AWARD TALK   PAIS INVITED SPEAKER   FRONTIERS IN AI   PANELS AND SPECIAL SESSIONS   DEMOS AND OUTREACH ACTIVITIES   BIRDS OF A FEATHER SESSIONS   WORLD COMPUTER CHESS CHAMPIONSHIPS   WORKSHOPS   TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   ACCEPTED PAPERS   SOCIAL PROGRAMME 
  CALLS | CALL FOR MAIN-TRACK PAPERS   CALL FOR PAIS PAPERS   CALL FOR DEMOS   CALL FOR WORKSHOPS   CALL FOR TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   LUNCH WITH A EURAI FELLOW   JOURNAL TRACK   Call for Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) Sessions 
  COMMITTEES | CHAIRS   ORGANIZING COMMITTEE   AREA CHAIRS   SENIOR PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PAIS COMMITTEE   DEMO TRACK COMMITTEE   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM COMMITTEE   ADDITIONAL REVIEWERS 
  AWARDS | DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD   DISSERTATION AWARD   OUTSTANDING PAPER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING DEMO AWARD   OUTSTANDING PC MEMBER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING SPC MEMBER AWARDS 
  ATTENDING | SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA   VENUES   ATTENDANCE POLICY   ACCOMMODATION   TRAVEL GRANTS   POSTER PRINTING AND ASSISTANCE   CONFERENCE APP   TRANSPORT   CODE OF CONDUCT   MULTIMEDIA REPOSITORY 
  CONTACT 
   
 We are social:         

 ACCEPTED PAPERS  

 Main track 
  Journal track 
  Demo track 
  PAIS 
    
 Main Track  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 M11 | Artwork Protection Against Neural Style Transfer Using Locally Adaptive Adversarial Color Attack | Zhongliang Guo, Junhao Dong, Yifei Qian, Kaixuan Wang, Weiye Li, Ziheng Guo, Yuheng Wang, Yanli Li, Ognjen Arandjelović and Lei Fang 
 M21 | TSFool: Crafting Highly-Imperceptible Adversarial Time Series through Multi-Objective Attack | Yanyun Wang, Dehui Du, Haibo Hu, Zi Liang and Yuanhao Liu 
 M31 | Axiomatic Characterisations of Sample-based Explanations | Leila Amgoud, Martin Cooper and Salim Debbaoui 
 M53 | Breaking the Weak Semantics Bottleneck of Transformers in Time Series Forecasting | Ziang Yang, Biyu Zhou, Xuehai Tang, Ruixuan Li and Songlin Hu 
 M54 | Covered for Life: Lifelong Area Coverage under Spatiotemporal Uncertainty | Charlie Street and Masoumeh Mansouri 
 M69 | I-adapt: Using IoU Adapter to improve pseudo labels in cross-domain object detection | Qifeng Zhang, Changjian Chen, Zhizhong Liu and Zhuo Tang 
 M87 | Efficient Model-Stealing Attacks Against Inductive Graph Neural Networks | Marcin Podhajski, Jan Dubiński, Franziska Boenisch, Adam Dziedzic, Agnieszka Pregowska and Tomasz Michalak 
 M98 | Detect Closer Surfaces that can be Seen: New Modeling and Evaluation in Cross-domain 3D Object Detection | Ruixiao Zhang, Yihong Wu, Juheon Lee, Xiaohao Cai and Adam Prugel-Bennett 
 M102 | FlowLearn: Evaluating Large Vision-Language Models on Flowchart Understanding | Huitong Pan, Qi Zhang, Cornelia Caragea, Eduard Dragut and Longin Jan Latecki 
 M103 | TopFormer: Topology-Aware Authorship Attribution of Deepfake Texts with Diverse Writing Styles | Adaku Uchendu, Thai Le and Dongwon Lee 
 M108 | Learning A Closed-Loop Bidirectional Scale-Recurrent Network for Image Deraining | Peizhou Huang, Zixuan Zhong, Pengjie Wang, Xiangyu Wang and Xiang Chen 
 M109 | Rejection in Abstract Argumentation: Harder Than Acceptance? | Johannes K. Fichte, Markus Hecher, Yasir Mahmood and Arne Meier 
 M121 | Comateformer : Combined Attention Transformer for Semantic Sentence Matching [not presented] | Bo Li, Di Liang and Zixin Zhang 
 M122 | Matching Gains with Pays: Effective and Fair Learning in Multi-Agent Public Goods Dilemmas | Yitian Chen, Xuan Liu, Shigeng Zhang, Xinning Chen and Song Guo 
 M125 | FlexSSL : A Generic and Efficient Framework for Semi-Supervised Learning | Qin Huiling, Xianyuan Zhan, Yuanxun Li and Yu Zheng 
 M129 | Sanitizing Hidden Information with Diffusion Models | Preston K. Robinette, Daniel Moyer and Taylor T. Johnson 
 M130 | Search, Examine and Early-Termination: Fake News Detection with Annotation-Free Evidences | Yuzhou Yang, Yangming Zhou, Qichao Ying, Zhenxing Qian and Xinpeng Zhang 
 M134 | Towards Human-like Trajectory Prediction for Autonomous Driving: A Cognitive-inspired Lightweight Model | Haicheng Liao, Yongkang Li, Zhenning Li, Chengyue Wang, Guofa Li, Chunlin Tian, Zilin Bian, Kaiqun Zhu, Zhiyong Cui and Jia Hu 
 M154 | Adapt PointFormer: 3D Point Cloud Analysis via Adapting 2D Visual Transformers | Mengke Li, Da Li, Guoqing Yang, Yiu-Ming Cheung and Hui Huang 
 M159 | Empowering Biomedical Named Entity Recognition through Multi-Tagger Collaboration | Jin Zhao, Jian Xie, Tinghui Zhu, Qian Guo, Yanghua Xiao and Zhixu Li 
 M199 | FMViT: A multiple-frequency mixing Vision Transformer | Wei Tan, Yifeng Geng and Xuansong Xie 
 M205 | TrustMIS: Trust-Enhanced Inference Framework for Medical Imaging Segmentation | Fuyi Wang, Jinzhi Ouyang, Lei Pan, Leo Yu Zhang, Xiaoning Liu, Yanping Wang and Robin Doss 
 M206 | An Animation-based Augmentation Approach for Action Recognition from Discontinuous Video | Xingyu Song, Zhan Li, Shi Chen, Xin-Qiang Cai and Kazuyuki Demachi 
 M207 | Revocable Backdoor for Deep Model Trading | Yiran Xu, Nan Zhong, Zhenxing Qian and Xinpeng Zhang 
 M209 | SUBLLM: A Novel Efficient Architecture with Token Sequence Subsampling for LLM | Quandong Wang, Yuxuan Yuan, Xiaoyu Yang, Ruike Zhang, Kang Zhao, Wei Liu, Jian Luan, Daniel Povey and Bin Wang 
 M211 | Quater-GCN: Enhancing 3D Human Pose Estimation with Orientation and Semi-supervised Training | Xingyu Song, Zhan Li, Shi Chen and Kazuyuki Demachi 
 M215 | TEOcc: Radar-camera Multi-modal Occupancy Prediction via Temporal Enhancement | Zhiwei Lin, Hongbo Jin, Yongtao Wang, Yufei Wei and Nan Dong 
 M233 | Extending Context Window of Attention based Knowledge Tracing Models via Length Extrapolation | Xueyi Li, Youheng Bai, Teng Guo, Ying Zheng, Mingliang Hou, Bojun Zhan, Yaying Huang, Zitao Liu, Boyu Gao and Weiqi Luo 
 M234 | Enhancing Node Representations for Real-World Complex Networks with Topological Augmentation | Xiangyu Zhao, Zehui Li, Mingzhu Shen, Guy-Bart Stan, Pietro Liò and Yiren Zhao 
 M248 | Backward explanations via redefinition of predicates | Léo Saulières, Martin C. Cooper and Florence Dupin de Saint-Cyr 
 M249 | HAIformer: Human-AI Collaboration Framework for Disease Diagnosis via Doctor-Enhanced Transformer | Xuehan Zhao, Jiaqi Liu, Yao Zhang, Zhiwen Yu and Bin Guo 
 M252 | Cautious Calibration in Binary Classification | Mari-Liis Allikivi, Joonas Järve and Meelis Kull 
 M255 | Enhancing Fairness through Reweighting: A Path to Attain the Sufficiency Rule | Xuan Zhao, Klaus Broelemann, Salvatore Ruggieri and Gjergji Kasneci 
 M263 | Resistance Against Manipulative AI: key factors and possible actions | Piotr Wilczyński, Wiktoria Mieleszczenko-Kowszewicz and Przemysław Biecek 
 M264 | Connecting Permutation Equivariant Neural Networks and Partition Diagrams | Edward Pearce-Crump 
 M265 | Interactive and Iterative Peer Assessment | Lihi Dery 
 M267 | Deep Learning for in vivo Bronchial Carinae Detection in Flexible Bronchoscopy | Robin Ghyselinck, Valentin Delchevalerie, Pierre Poitier, Benoît Frénay and Bruno Dumas 
 M268 | Improving Calibration by Relating Focal Loss, Temperature Scaling, and Properness | Viacheslav Komisarenko and Meelis Kull 
 M269 | Rethinking Domain Generalization from Perspective of Gradient Granularity [not presented] | Yujie Zhou, Haigen Hu, Qianwei Zhou, Qiu Guan and Mingfeng Jiang 
 M271 | Artificial Agents Facilitate Human Cooperation through Indirect Reciprocity | Alexandre S. Pires and Fernando P. Santos 
 M278 | Explorative Imitation Learning: A Path Signature Approach for Continuous Environments | Nathan Gavenski, Juarez Monteiro Dos Santos Júnior, Felipe Meneguzzi, Michael Luck and Odinaldo Rodrigues 
 M283 | SinLane: Siamese Visual Transformer via Pyramid Feature Integration for Lane Detection | Zinan Lv, Dong Han, Wenzhe Wang and Danny Chen 
 M295 | RADAr: A Transformer-based Autoregressive Decoder Architecture for Hierarchical Text Classification | Yousef Younes, Lukas Galke and Ansgar Scherp 
 M305 | Multiwinner Temporal Voting with Aversion to Change | Valentin Zech, Niclas Boehmer, Edith Elkind and Nicholas Teh 
 M314 | TransFeat-TPP: An Interpretable Deep Covariate Temporal Point Processes | Zizhuo Meng, Boyu Li, Xuhui Fan, Zhidong Li, Yang Wang, Fang Chen and Feng Zhou 
 M321 | WPN: An Unlearning Method Based on N-pair Contrastive Learning in Language Models | Chen Guitao, Wang Yunshen, Sun Hongye and Chen Guang 
 M328 | Planning with Logical Graph-based Language Model for Instruction Generation | Fan Zhang, Kebing Jin and Hankz Hankui Zhuo 
 M330 | Meta-mechanisms for Combinatorial Auctions over Social Networks | Yuan Fang, Mengxiao Zhang, Jiamou Liu and Bakh Khoussainov 
 M331 | Balancing Efficiency with Equality: Auction Design with Group Fairness Concerns | Fengjuan Jia, Mengxiao Zhang, Jiamou Liu and Bakh Khoussainov 
 M335 | SaccadeMOT: Enhancing Object Detection and Tracking in Gigapixel Images via Scale-Aware Density Estimation | Wenxi Li, Ruxin Zhang, Haozhe Lin, Yuchen Guo, Chao Ma and Xiaokang Yang 
 M346 | Molecular Topological Profile (MOLTOP) - Simple and Strong Baseline for Molecular Graph Classification | Jakub Adamczyk and Wojciech Czech 
 M348 | VANER: Leveraging Large Language Model for Versatile and Adaptive Biomedical Entity Recognition | Junyi Bian, Weiqi Zhai, Xiaodi Huang, Jiaxuan Zheng and Shanfeng Zhu 
 M351 | CPNet: 3D Semantic Relation and Geometry Context Prior Network for Multi-organ Segmentation | Yuzhu Ji, Mingshan Sun, Yiqun Zhang and Haijun Zhang 
 M352 | Hard to Explain: On the Computational Hardness of In-Distribution Model Interpretation | Guy Amir, Shahaf Bassan and Guy Katz 
 M355 | Video2Reward: Generating Reward Function from Videos for Legged Robot Behavior Learning | Runhao Zeng, Dingjie Zhou, Qiwei Liang, Junlin Liu, Hui Li, Changxin Huang, Jianqiang Li, Xiping Hu and Fuchun Sun 
 M360 | Task-Aware Dynamic Transformer for Efficient Arbitrary-Scale Image Super-Resolution | Tianyi Xu, Yijie Zhou, Xiaotao Hu, Kai Zhang, Anran Zhang, Xingye Qiu and Jun Xu 
 M361 | Aligning XAI with EU Regulations for Smart Biomedical Devices: A Methodology for Compliance Analysis | Francesco Sovrano, Michaël Lognoul and Giulia Vilone 
 M364 | General Lipschitz: Certified Robustness Against Resolvable Semantic Transformations via Transformation-Dependent Randomized Smoothing | Dmitrii Korzh, Mikhail Pautov, Olga Tsymboi and Ivan Oseledets 
 M367 | What model does MuZero learn? | Jinke He, Thomas Moerland, Joery de Vries and Frans Oliehoek 
 M368 | Resilient Graph Neural Networks: A Coupled Dynamical Systems Approach | Moshe Eliasof, Davide Murari, Ferdia Sherry and Carola-Bibiane Schönlieb 
 M371 | LoginMEA: Local-to-Global Interaction Network for Multi-modal Entity Alignment | Taoyu Su, Xinghua Zhang, Jiawei Sheng, Zhenyu Zhang and Tingwen Liu 
 M372 | Fully Hyperbolic Rotation for Knowledge Graph Embedding | Qiuyu Liang, Weihua Wang, Feilong Bao and Guanglai Gao 
 M379 | Escape Sensing Games: Detection-vs-Evasion in Security Applications | Niclas Boehmer, Minbiao Han, Haifeng Xu and Milind Tambe 
 M403 | DrDiff: Drug Response Prediction Through Controllable Diffusion-GE and Graph Attention Network | Seungyeon Choi, Sangmin Seo, Jonghwan Choi, Chihyun Park and Sanghyun Park 
 M404 | SPIN: SE(3)-Invariant Physics Informed Network for Binding Affinity Prediction | Seungyeon Choi, Sangmin Seo and Sanghyun Park 
 M414 | Maximally Permissive Reward Machines | Giovanni Varricchione, Natasha Alechina, Mehdi Dastani and Brian Logan 
 M422 | CSAdv: Class-Specific Adversarial Patches for DETR-style Object Detection | Yue Xu, Chuanming Wang, Xiaolong Zheng, Yi Huang, Peilun Du, Zeyuan Zhou, Liang Liu and Huadong Ma 
 M424 | Decision-Focused Learning to Predict Action Costs for Planning | Jayanta Mandi, Marco Foschini, Daniel Höller, Sylvie Thiebaux, Joerg Hoffmann and Tias Guns 
 M428 | PUFFLE: Balancing Privacy, Utility, and Fairness in Federated Learning | Luca Corbucci, Mikko A. Heikkilä, David Solans Noguero, Anna Monreale and Nicolas Kourtellis 
 M432 | Interpretation of the Intent Detection Problem as Dynamics in a Low-dimensional Space | Eduardo Sanchez-Karhunen, Jose F. Quesada-Moreno and Miguel A. Gutiérrez-Naranjo 
 M441 | On the Discovery of Conceptual Clustering Models through Pattern Mining | Motaz Ben Hassine, Said Jabbour, Mourad Kmimech, Badran Raddaoui and Mohamed Graiet 
 M443 | Hyperbolic Contrastive Learning for Document Representations - A Multi-View Approach with Paragraph-level Similarities | Jaeeun Nam, Ilias Chalkidis and Mina Rezaei 
 M445 | TabMedBERT: a Tabular Knowledge Enhanced Biomedical Pretrained Language Model | Xu Yan, Lei Geng, Ziqiang Cao, Juntao Li, Wenjie Li, Sujian Li, Xinjie Zhou, Yang Yang and Jun Zhang 
 M449 | SF-SER: An efficient speech-only model with semantic funnel for speech emotion recognition | Xiaoke Li and Zufan Zhang 
 M450 | Verifying the Selected Completely at Random Assumption in Positive-Unlabeled Learning | Paweł Teisseyre, Konrad Furmańczyk and Jan Mielniczuk 
 M451 | GLIMMER: Incorporating Graph and Lexical Features in Unsupervised Multi-Document Summarization | Ran Liu, Ming Liu, Min Yu, Jianguo Jiang, Gang Li, Dan Zhang, Jingyuan Li, Xiang Meng and Weiqing Huang 
 M452 | SAIE Framework: Support Alone Isn't Enough - Advancing LLM Training with Adversarial Remarks | Mengsay Loem, Masahiro Kaneko and Naoaki Okazaki 
 M457 | Semantic-level augmented unsupervised representation action learning based on motion manifold | Haichuan Zhao, Peng Du, Xudong Ru, Zhongke Wu and Xingce Wang 
 M458 | Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning for Alternating-Time Logic | Ernst Moritz Hahn, Mateo Perez, Sven Schewe, Fabio Somenzi, Ashutosh Trivedi and Dominik Wojtczak 
 M464 | TimeMachine: A Time Series is Worth 4 Mambas for Long-term Forecasting | Md Atik Ahamed and Qiang Cheng 
 M468 | Survival of the Fittest: Evolutionary Adaptation of Policies for Environmental Shifts | Sheryl Paul and Jyotirmoy Deshmukh 
 M470 | A Comprehensive Sustainable Framework for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence | Roberto Pagliari, Peter Hill, Po-Yu Chen, Maciej Dabrowny, Tingsheng Tan and Francois Buet-Golfouse 
 M471 | Enabling MCTS Explainability for Sequential Planning Through Computation Tree Logic | Ziyan An, Hendrik Baier, Abhishek Dubey, Ayan Mukhopadhyay and Meiyi Ma 
 M472 | Post-hoc Explanation of Extension Semantics | Leila Amgoud 
 M484 | Making Fair Classification via Correlation Alignment | Jingran Yang, Lingfeng Zhang and Min Zhang 
 M485 | Global Structural-Temporal Graph Network with Public Opinion for Online Rumor Detection | Tiening Sun, Zhong Qian, Peifeng Li and Qiaoming Zhu 
 M495 | JOSAL: Joint Learning Framework for Open-Set Active Learning | Jun Xie, Xiaohui Song, Yangjie Cao, Zhi Liu, Weiping Wang and Hongli Xu 
 M496 | Towards the New XAI: A Hypothesis-Driven Approach to Decision Support Using Evidence | Thao Le, Tim Miller, Liz Sonenberg and Ronal Singh 
 M497 | Individual Fairness with Group Constraints in Graph Neural Networks | Zichong Wang, David Ulloa, Tongjia Yu, Raju Rangaswami, Roland Yap and Wenbin Zhang 
 M500 | A Full DAG Score-Based Algorithm for Learning Causal Bayesian Networks with Latent Confounders | Christophe Gonzales and Amir-Hosein Valizadeh 
 M508 | Complex-Valued Gabor-Attention Residual Fusion Network for Iris Recognition | Zhuoru Li, Jian Xiao, Xiaowei Bai, Xiaodong Wang, Yingxi Li, Zhenyu Fang, Liang Xie, Ye Yan and Erwei Yin 
 M511 | TIGER: Temporally Improved Graph Entity Linker | Pengyu Zhang, Congfeng Cao and Paul Groth 
 M513 | Segmentation-Driven Image Enhancement Based on Deep Reinforcement Learning | Yihong Liu, Zishang Chen, Yukang Cui and Piji Li 
 M515 | PAGE: Parametric Generative Explainer for Graph Neural Network | Yang Qiu, Wei Liu, Jun Wang and Ruixuan Li 
 M516 | Weight Scope Alignment: A Frustratingly Easy Method for Model Merging | Yichu Xu, Xin-Chun Li, Le Gan and De-Chuan Zhan 
 M517 | Revisiting Under-represented Knowledge of Latin American Literature in Large Language Models | Jinsung Kim, Seonmin Koo and Heuiseok Lim 
 M526 | Convolutional Bypasses Are Better Vision Transformer Adapters | Shibo Jie, Zhi-Hong Deng, Shixuan Chen and Zhijuan Jin 
 M531 | A Meta-Engine Framework for Interleaved Task and Motion Planning using Topological Refinements | Elisa Tosello, Alessandro Valentini and Andrea Micheli 
 M534 | BOB-YOLO: Balancing Optimization Binarized YOLO via Module-Wise Latency | Xinyu Liu, Wenqiang Zhou, Zhendong Yu, Jiaming Yang, Tao Wang, Chenwei Tang and Jiancheng Lv 
 M542 | Generating fair solutions of minimal cost | Thibaut Lust, Mohammed Bachir Bederina and Djamal Chaabane 
 M543 | LightFF: Lightweight Inference for Forward-Forward Algorithm | Amin Aminifar, Baichuan Huang, Azra Abtahi and Amir Aminifar 
 M547 | Error-Driven Uncertainty Aware Training | Pedro Mendes, Paolo Romano and David Garlan 
 M552 | NeSIG: A Neuro-Symbolic Method for Learning to Generate Planning Problems | Carlos Núñez-Molina, Pablo Mesejo and Juan Fernández-Olivares 
 M556 | Sampling-based Teacher Guided Method to Boost Transferable Attack on SAR Image Classification | Aoyang Zhou, Yasmeen M. Khedr, Xin Liu and Kun He 
 M560 | Semantic Similarity Driven Multi-modal Model for Rumor Detection | Chenyang Li, Bo Xu, Meng Wang and Kun He 
 M561 | FsPONER: Few-shot Prompt Optimization for Named Entity Recognition in Domain-specific Scenarios | Yongjian Tang, Rakebul Hasan and Thomas Runkler 
 M565 | Iterative Oversubscription Planning with Goal-Conflict Explanations: Scaling Up Through Policy-Guidance Approximation | Rebecca Eifler, Daniel Fišer, Aleena Siji and Joerg Hoffmann 
 M566 | Target-driven Attack for Large Language Models | Chong Zhang, Mingyu Jin, Dong Shu, Taowen Wang, Dongfang Liu and Xiaobo Jin 
 M567 | Pixel-wise Reclassification with Prototypes for Enhancing Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation | Xuewei Li, Yujie Diao, Yilong Fan, Zhiqiang Liu, Mei Yu, Chenhan Wang, Jie Gao and Ruiguo Yu 
 M571 | Sentinel: An Aggregation Function to Secure Decentralized Federated Learning | Chao Feng, Alberto Huertas Celdrán, Janosch Baltensperger, Enrique Tomás Martínez Beltrán, Pedro Miguel Sánchez Sánchez, Gérôme Bovet and Burkhard Stiller 
 M577 | Safety Verification of Tree-Ensemble Policies via Predicate Abstraction | Chaahat Jain, Lorenzo Cascioli, Laurens Devos, Marcel Vinzent, Marcel Steinmetz, Jesse Davis and Joerg Hoffmann 
 M586 | Bridging the Gap: Generating a Comprehensive Biomedical Knowledge Graph Question Answering Dataset | Xi Yan, Patrick Westphal, Jan Seliger and Ricardo Usbeck 
 M596 | FL-GNN: Efficient Fusion of Fuzzy Neural Network and Graph Neural Network | Boyu Du, Jingya Zhou, Ling Liu and Xiaolong She 
 M597 | Learning Uncertainty Tubes via Recurrent Neural Networks for Planning Robust Robot Motions | Simon Wasiela, Smail Ait Bouhsain, Marco Cognetti, Juan Cortés and Thierry Siméon 
 M598 | Learning Confidence Bounds for Classification with Imbalanced Data | Matt Clifford, Jonathan Erskine, Alexander Hepburn, Raul Santos-Rodriguez and Dario Garcia-Garcia 
 M616 | Computational Complexity of Standpoint LTL | Stephane Demri and Przemysław Andrzej Wałęga 
 M619 | A Parallel Gumbel-Softmax VAE Framework with Performance-Based Tuning | Fangshi Zhou, Tianming Zhao, Luan Nguyen and Zhongmei Yao 
 M621 | Combining Diverse Information for Coordinated Action: Stochastic Bandit Algorithms for Heterogeneous Agents | Lucia Gordon, Esther Rolf and Milind Tambe 
 M623 | Hierarchical Planning for Resource-Constrained Long-Term Monitoring Missions in Time-Varying Environments | Alex Stephens, Bruno Lacerda and Nick Hawes 
 M627 | Cube-based Isomorph-free Finite Model Finding | Choiwah Chow, Mikoláš Janota and João Araújo 
 M629 | Temporal Elections: Welfare, Strategyproofness, and Proportionality | Edith Elkind, Tzeh Yuan Neoh and Nicholas Teh 
 M631 | Modelling brain connectomes networks: Solv is a worthy competitor to hyperbolic geometry! | Dorota Celińska-Kopczyńska and Eryk Kopczynski 
 M634 | GRIF-DM: Generation of Rich Impression Fonts using Diffusion Models | Lei Kang, Fei Yang, Kai Wang, Mohamed Ali Souibgui, Lluis Gomez, Alicia Fornés, Ernest Valveny and Dimosthenis Karatzas 
 M640 | MIM-HD: Making Smaller Masked Autoencoder Better with Efficient Distillation | Zherui Zhang, Changwei Wang, Rongtao Xu, Wenhao Xu, Shibiao Xu, Li Guo, Jiguang Zhang, Xiaoqiang Teng and Wenbo Xu 
 M641 | CLCE: An Approach to Refining Cross-Entropy and Contrastive Learning for Optimized Learning Fusion | Zijun Long, Lipeng Zhuang, George Killick, Zaiqiao Meng, Richard Mccreadie and Gerardo Aragon-Camarasa 
 M642 | Evolutionary Reinforcement Learning via Cooperative Coevolution | Chengpeng Hu, Jialin Liu and Xin Yao 
 M645 | Graph Continual Learning with Debiased Lossless Memory Replay | Chaoxi Niu, Guansong Pang and Ling Chen 
 M648 | DiverTEAM: An Effective Evolutionary Algorithm for Diversified Top-k (Weight) Clique Search Problems | Jinghui Xue, Jiongzhi Zheng, Kun He, Chu-Min Li and Yanli Liu 
 M651 | MultiCounter: Multiple Action Agnostic Repetition Counting in Untrimmed Videos | Yin Tang, Wei Luo, Jinrui Zhang, Wei Huang, Ruihai Jing and Deyu Zhang 
 M665 | Improving Non-autoregressive Sign Language Translation with Random Ordering Progressive Prediction Pre-training | Pei Yu, Changhao Lai, Cong Hu, Shan Liu, Liang Zhang, Biao Fu and Yidong Chen 
 M667 | Comparing lossless compression methods for Chess endgame data | Dave Gomboc, Christian Shelton, Andrew Miner and Gianfranco Ciardo 
 M669 | A Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning Algorithm Embedded with Opponent Modeling | Shun Li, Xiao Su and Bing Shi 
 M673 | MakeupAttack: Feature Space Black-box Backdoor Attack on Face Recognition via Makeup Transfer | Ming Sun, Rui Wang, Zixuan Zhu and Lihua Jing 
 M695 | Enhancing Discourse Coherence to Improve Cross-Document Event Coreference Resolution | Xinyu Chen, Sheng Xu, Peifeng Li and Qiaoming Zhu 
 M698 | Mind the Model, Not the Agent: The Primacy Bias in Model-based RL | Zhongjian Qiao, Jiafei Lyu and Xiu Li 
 M699 | MAMO:Deep Multi-task Architecture Learning via Multi-objective Optimization with Gradients Mediative Kernel | Yuzheng Tan, Guangneng Hu and Shuxin Zhang 
 M700 | Generalized Face Anti-spoofing via Finer Domain Partition and Disentangling Liveness-irrelevant Factors | Jingyi Yang, Zitong Yu, Xiuming Ni, Jia He and Hui Li 
 M702 | Heuristics for Partially Observable Stochastic Contingent Planning | Guy Shani 
 M704 | Omniclip: Adapting CLIP for Video Recognition with Spatial-Temporal Omni-Scale Feature Learning | Mushui Liu, Bozheng Li and Yunlong Yu 
 M712 | Defending Our Privacy With Backdoors | Dominik Hintersdorf, Lukas Struppek, Daniel Neider and Kristian Kersting 
 M719 | Enhancing Reinforcement Learning Through Guided Search | Jérôme Arjonilla, Abdallah Saffidine and Tristan Cazenave 
 M722 | Open-GMOT: Open-Vocabulary Generic Multiple Object Tracking with Motion-Appearance Cost (MAC) SORT | Anh Duy Le Dinh, Kim Tran Hoang and Ngan Le Thi Hoang 
 M732 | Interpretable Graph Neural Networks for Tabular Data | Amr Alkhatib, Sofiane Ennadir, Henrik Boström and Michalis Vazirgiannis 
 M734 | Generalizing Visual Question Answering from Synthetic to Human-Written Questions via a Chain of QA with a Large Language Model | Taehee Kim, Yeongjae Cho, Heejun Shin, Yohan Jo and Dongmyung Shin 
 M738 | Domain Adaptational Steganographic Text Detection Using Few-shot Adversary-Refinement Framework | Ziwei Zhang, Juan Wen, Yinghan Zhou, Liting Gao and Yiming Xue 
 M739 | Modality-Aware and Shift Mixer for Multi-modal Brain Tumor Segmentation | Zhongzhen Huang, Linda Wei, Shaoting Zhang and Xiaofan Zhang 
 M748 | Relation Time-aware Heterogeneous Dynamic Graph Neural Networks | Yili Wang, Jiamin Chen, Qiutong Li, Changlong He and Jianliang Gao 
 M749 | A Faster Branching Algorithm for the Maximum k-Defective Clique Problem | Chunyu Luo, Yi Zhou, Zhengren Wang and Mingyu Xiao 
 M752 | Large Language Models Understand Layout | Weiming Li, Manni Duan, Dong An and Yan Shao 
 M759 | MindScope: Exploring cognitive biases in large language models through Multi-Agent Systems | Zhentao Xie, Jiabao Zhao, Yilei Wang, Jinxin Shi, Yanhong Bai, Xingjiao Wu and Liang He 
 M762 | Translation and Transliteration Based DataAugmentation for Multilingual Semantic Parsing | Sarthak Jauhari, Massimo Nicosia, Ankush Chatterjee and Rahul Goel 
 M763 | Interpretable image classification through an argumentative dialog between encoders | Dao Thauvin, Stéphane Herbin, Wassila Ouerdane and Céline Hudelot 
 M764 | CBM: Curriculum by Masking | Andrei Jarca, Alin Croitoru and Radu Tudor Ionescu 
 M765 | Capacitated Online Clustering Algorithm | Shivam Gupta, Shweta Jain, Narayanan C Krishnan, Ganesh Ghalme and Nandyala Hemachandra 
 M769 | Text-based Geolocation with a Byte-level Language Model | Mikhail Orzhenovskii, Alina Pak, Roman Kane and Arina Razmyslovich 
 M782 | Tackling Selfish Clients in Federated Learning | Andrea Augello, Ashish Gupta, Giuseppe Lo Re and Sajal K. Das 
 M783 | Complexity and Approximation Schemes for Social Welfare Maximization in the High-Multiplicity Setting | Trung Thanh Nguyen, Khaled Elbassioni and Jörg Rothe 
 M793 | Pessimistic Off-Policy Optimization for Learning to Rank | Matej Čief, Branislav Kveton and Michal Kompan 
 M799 | Memory adaptive and spatially specialized model ensembles for industrial anomaly detection | Marco Wagenstetter, Niklas Landerer, Johannes Thyroff, Thomas Aicher, Arvid Hellmich and Steffen Ihlenfeldt 
 M815 | Online Friends Partitioning under Uncertainty | Saar Cohen and Noa Agmon 
 M816 | Optimizing Multi-Robot Task Allocation in Dynamic Environments via Heuristic-Guided Reinforcement Learning | Aritra Pal, Anandsingh Chauhan, Mayank Baranwal and Ankush Ojha 
 M831 | Merge-and-Shrink Heuristics for SSPs with Prune Transformations | Thorsten Klößner, Álvaro Torralba, Marcel Steinmetz and Silvan Sievers 
 M834 | PromptCD: Coupled and Decoupled Prompt Learning for Vision-Language Models | Junjie Wu, Mingjie Sun, Chen Gong, Nan Yu and Guohong Fu 
 M835 | On the Improvement of Generalization and Stability of Forward-Only Learning via Neural Polarization | Erik Bernardo Terres Escudero, Javier Del Ser and Pablo García Bringas 
 M836 | Dual Attention Encoder with Joint Preservation for Medical Image Segmentation | Shijie Li, Yunbin Tu, Yu Gong, Bowen Zhong and Zheng Li 
 M838 | RFDFM: A Deep Factorization Machine Network Model for Invasive Lung Adenocarcinoma Screening in CT Images | Jing Zhou, Chengcheng Guo and Ying Ji 
 M840 | Explicit Modelling of Theory of Mind for Belief Prediction in Nonverbal Social Interactions | Matteo Bortoletto, Constantin Ruhdorfer, Lei Shi and Andreas Bulling 
 M841 | Take a Step and Reconsider: Sequence Decoding for Self-Improved Neural Combinatorial Optimization | Jonathan Pirnay and Dominik G. Grimm 
 M843 | First Creating Backgrounds Then Rendering Texts: A New Paradigm for Visual Text Blending | Zhenhang Li, Yan Shu, Weichao Zeng, Dongbao Yang and Yu Zhou 
 M848 | Empirical Evaluation of Concept Probing for Game-Playing Agents | Aðalsteinn Pálsson and Yngvi Bjornsson 
 M849 | Characterising Serialisation Equivalence for Abstract Argumentation | Lars Bengel, Julian Sander and Matthias Thimm 
 M850 | Scale-Invariant Variations of Max Regret | Nic Wilson 
 M853 | Talos: A More Effective and Efficient Adversarial Defense for GNN Models Based on the Global Homophily of Graphs | Duanyu Li, Huijun Wu, Min Xie, Xugang Wu, Zhenwei Wu and Wenzhe Zhang 
 M856 | Domain Generalised Cell Nuclei Segmentation in Histopathology Images Using Domain-aware Curriculum Learning and Colour-Perceived Meta Learning | Kunzi Xie, Ruoyu Guo, Cong Cong, Maurice Pagnucco and Yang Song 
 M863 | Learning Order Forest for Qualitative-Attribute Data Clustering | Mingjie Zhao, Sen Feng, Yiqun Zhang, Mengke Li, Yang Lu and Yiu-Ming Cheung 
 M867 | On Connected Strongly-Proportional Cake-Cutting | Zsuzsanna Jankó, Attila Joó, Erel Segal-Halevi and Sheung Man Yuen 
 M871 | Cross-stage Transfer in Multi-stage Cascade Ranking and Filtering Systems | Yifan Pan, Guibo Luo and Yuesheng Zhu 
 M873 | Adversarially Robust Neural Lyapunov Control | Li Wei, Yuankun Jiang, Chenglin Li, Wenrui Dai, Junni Zou and Hongkai Xiong 
 M884 | An Efficient Modular Algorithm for Connected Multi-Agent Path Finding | Victorien Desbois, Ocan Sankur and François Schwarzentruber 
 M892 | Decoupled Competitive Framework for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation | Jiahe Chen, Jianwei Zheng, Shen Wang and Jiahe Ying 
 M903 | Adversarial Erasing Transformer for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation | Bingfeng Zhang, Siyue Yu, Xuru Gao, Mingjie Sun, Eng Gee Lim and Jimin Xiao 
 M906 | (Un)certainty of (Un)fairness: Preference-Based Selection of Certainly Fair Decision-Makers | Manh Khoi Duong and Stefan Conrad 
 M907 | Explaining Text Classifiers with Counterfactual Representations | Pirmin Lemberger and Antoine Saillenfest 
 M911 | Anti-Matthew FL: Bridging the Performance Gap in Federated Learning to Counteract the Matthew Effect | Jiashi Gao, Xin Yao and Xuetao Wei 
 M914 | Big-thick data generation via reference and personal context unification | Fausto Giunchiglia and Xiaoyue Li 
 M915 | CLLMFS: A Contrastive Learning enhanced Large Language Model Framework for Few-Shot Named Entity Recognition | Yafeng Zhang, Zilan Yu, Yu Ang Huang and Jing Tang 
 M918 | Learning Interpretable Classifiers for PDDL Planning | Arnaud Lequen 
 M924 | Learning and Optimizing with an SSB Representation of Intransitive Preferences on Sets | Hugo Gilbert, Mohamed Ouaguenouni and Olivier Spanjaard 
 M927 | Generative LLMs for Multilingual Temporal Expression Normalization | Alejandro Sánchez de Castro Fernández, Lourdes Araujo Serna and Juan Martínez Romo 
 M928 | Sinogram-Image Dual-Domain Network for Robust Metal Artifact Reduction in CT Image | Chong Liu, Yuhan Huang, Bo Li and Hui Ding 
 M932 | Assessing Privacy Risks of Attribute Inference Attacks against Speech-based Depression Detection System | Basmah Alsenani, Anna Esposito, Alessandro Vinciarelli and Tanaya Guha 
 M936 | Belief Erasure in Propositional Logic | Nadia Creignou, Raïda Ktari and Odile Papini 
 M939 | Leveraging Foundation Models for Zero-Shot IoT Sensing | Dinghao Xue, Xiaoran Fan, Tao Chen, Guohao Lan and Qun Song 
 M942 | Synthetically Augmented Self-Supervised Fine-Tuning for Diverse Text OCR Correction | Shuhao Guan and Derek Greene 
 M944 | FedMTL: Privacy-Preserving Federated Multi-Task Learning | Pritam Sen and Cristian Borcea 
 M945 | Group Fairness with Individual and Censorship Constraints | Zichong Wang and Wenbin Zhang 
 M946 | Open-Set Multivariate Time-Series Anomaly Detection | Thomas Lai, Thi Kieu Khanh Ho and Narges Armanfard 
 M948 | Cluster Exploration using Informative Manifold Projections | Stavros Gerolymatos, Xenophon Evangelopoulos, Vladimir V. Gusev and John Y. Goulermas 
 M957 | TwinDiffusion: Enhancing Coherence and Efficiency in Panoramic Image Generation with Diffusion Models | Teng Zhou and Yongchuan Tang 
 M966 | Transparent Explainable Logic Layers | Alessio Ragno, Marc Plantevit, Celine Robardet and Roberto Capobianco 
 M968 | A Neuro-symbolic Approach for Faceted Search in Digital Libraries | Mutahira Khalid, Sören Auer and Markus Stocker 
 M969 | Analyzing Incentives and Fairness in Ordered Weighted Average for Facility Location Games | Kento Yoshida, Kei Kimura, Taiki Todo and Makoto Yokoo 
 M977 | LEarning After Learning: Positive Backward Transfer in Continual Learning | Wern Sen Wong, Yun Sing Koh and Gillian Dobbie 
 M982 | Solving PDEs on Point Clouds by Physics-informed Learning with Graph Neural Networks | Rakhoon Hwang, Junseung Ryu, Seungtae Park and Hyung Ju Hwang 
 M985 | MLGAT: Multi-Scale Line Graph Attention Network for Emotion Recognition in Conversation | Xiujuan Xu, Xiaoxiao Shi, Zhehuan Zhao and Yu Liu 
 M992 | Finding Optimal Deterministic Policies for Constrained Stochastic Shortest Path Problems | Johannes Schmalz and Felipe Trevizan 
 M993 | Dirichlet Logistic Gaussian Processes for Evaluation of Black-Box Stochastic Systems under Complex Requirements | Ryohei Oura and Yuji Ito 
 M996 | SubSA: Strengthen In-context Learning via Submodular Selective Annotation [not presented] | Jian Qian, Miao Sun, Sifan Zhou, Ziyu Zhao, Ruizhi Hun and Patrick Chiang 
 M1012 | The Role of Depth, Width, and Tree Size in Expressiveness of Deep Forest | Shen-Huan Lyu, Jin-Hui Wu, Qin-Cheng Zheng and Baoliu Ye 
 M1021 | Federation-Paced Learning: Towards Efficient Federated Learning with Synchronized Pace | Tingting Zhang, Mei Cao, Zhenge Jia, Jianbo Lu, Zhaoyan Shen, Dongxiao Yu and Mengying Zhao 
 M1023 | LGAD: Local and Global Attention Distillation for Efficient Semantic Segmentation | Chen Wang, Yafei Qi, Qi Li and Huawen Liu 
 M1024 | Merit-based Fair Combinatorial Semi-Bandit with Unrestricted Feedback Delays | Ziqun Chen, Kechao Cai, Zhuoyue Chen, Jinbei Zhang and John C.S. Lui 
 M1028 | MPT4LM: Multi-modal Prompt Tuning Makes Pre-trained Large Language Models better Vision-Language Learners | Yongzhu Miao, Jintao Tang, Shasha Li and Ting Wang 
 M1031 | Perturb-and-Compare Approach for Detecting Out-of-Distribution Samples in Constrained Access Environments | Heeyoung Lee, Hoyoon Byun, Changdae Oh, Jinyeong Bak and Kyungwoo Song 
 M1051 | Time Series Imputation with Multivariate Radial Basis Function Neural Network | Chanyoung Jung and Yun Jang 
 M1058 | Mutual Local Consistency Learning for Face Forgery Detection | Bosheng Yan and Chang-Tsun Li 
 M1066 | A Language Model as a Design Assistant for UI Design Recommendation and Evaluation | Lin Sheng, Cheng Deng, Junjie Zhang, Fangyuan Chang, Qinghua Sun, Hongyu Liu and Zhenyu Gu 
 M1069 | Graph Classification with GNNs : Optimisation, Representation and Inductive Bias | P Krishna Kumar and Harish G Ramaswamy 
 M1078 | Exemplar-Free Incremental Deepfake Detection | Wuti Xiong, Guoying Zhao and Xiaobai Li 
 M1079 | FedReMa: Improving Personalized Federated Learning via Leveraging the Most Relevant Clients | Han Liang, Ziwei Zhan, Weijie Liu, Xiaoxi Zhang, Chee Wei Tan and Xu Chen 
 M1082 | DCTAN: Densely Convolved Transformer Aggregation Networks for Monocular Dense Depth Prediction in Robotic Endoscopy | Wenkang Fan, Wenjing Jiang, Hao Fang, Hong Shi, Jianhua Chen and Xiongbiao Luo 
 M1086 | Context Enhancement with Reconstruction as Sequence for Unified Unsupervised Anomaly Detection | Hui-Yue Yang, Hui Chen, Lihao Liu, Zijia Lin, Kai Chen, Liejun Wang, Jungong Han and Guiguang Ding 
 M1094 | Harnessing Orthogonality to Train Low-Rank Neural Networks | Daniel Coquelin, Katharina Fluegel, Marie Weiel, Nicholas Kiefer, Charlotte Debus, Achim Streit and Markus Goetz 
 M1096 | Advancing ConvNet Architectures: A Novel XGB-based Pruning Algorithm for Transfer Learning Efficiency | Igor Ratajczyk and Adrian Horzyk 
 M1101 | EdgeNAT: Transformer for Efficient Edge Detection | Jinghuai Jie, Yan Guo, Guixing Wu, Junmin Wu and Baojian Hua 
 M1102 | FedSeProto: Learning Semantic Prototype in Federated Learning | Yanyi Lai, Lele Fu, Tianchi Liao, Chuan Chen and Zibin Zheng 
 M1106 | Hidden States in LLMs Improve EEG Representation Learning and Visual Decoding | Aoyang Liu, Haodong Jing, Yulong Liu, Yongqiang Ma and Nanning Zheng 
 M1112 | A Coin Has Two Sides: A Novel Detector-Corrector Framework for Chinese Spelling Correction | Xiangke Zeng, Zuchao Li, Lefei Zhang, Ping Wang, Hongqiu Wu and Hai Zhao 
 M1115 | From document to program embeddings: can distributional hypothesis really be used on programming languages? | Thibaut Martinet, Guillaume Cleuziou, Matthieu Exbrayat and Frédéric Flouvat 
 M1119 | On the Cultural Gap in Text-to-Image Generation | Bingshuai Liu, Longyue Wang, Chenyang Lyu, Yong Zhang, Jinsong Su, Shuming Shi and Zhaopeng Tu 
 M1122 | Preserving the Privacy of Reward Functions in MDPs through Deception | Shashank Reddy Chirra, Pradeep Varakantham and Praveen Paruchuri 
 M1125 | Identifying the Best Arm in the Presence of Global Environment Shifts | Phurinut Srisawad, Juergen Branke and Long Tran-Thanh 
 M1131 | TDCL: Dense Semantic Contrastive Learning for Vision-Language Tracking | Zheng Wang, Xiankang He, Kaiyang Lan, Ying Cui and Dongyan Guo 
 M1134 | A Data-Driven Defense against Edge-case Model Poisoning Attacks on Federated Learning | Kiran Purohit, Soumi Das, Sourangshu Bhattacharya and Santu Rana 
 M1135 | Analogical Classifier as a Surrogate for Explanations | Suryani Lim, Henri Prade and Gilles Richard 
 M1138 | Partial Label Learning via Cost-Guided Retraining | Zhaoyuan Zhang, Zhenbing Liu and Haoxiang Lu 
 M1139 | Zero-shot relabeling of weak labels for fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature | Anastasios Nentidis, Anastasia Krithara, Grigorios Tsoumakas and Georgios Paliouras 
 M1148 | Context Matters: Leveraging Spatiotemporal Metadata for Semi-Supervised Learning on Remote Sensing Images | Maximilian Bernhard, Tanveer Hannan, Matthias Schubert and Niklas Strauß 
 M1149 | The Complexity of Manipulation of k-Coalitional Games on Graphs | Hodaya Barr, Yohai Trabelsi, Sarit Kraus, Liam Roditty and Noam Hazon 
 M1153 | Theoretical Proportion Label Perturbation for Learning from Label Proportions in Large Bags | Shunsuke Kubo, Shinnosuke Matsuo, Daiki Suehiro, Kazuhiro Terada, Hiroaki Ito, Akihiko Yoshizawa and Ryoma Bise 
 M1160 | SibylSat: Using SAT as an oracle to perform a greedy search on TOHTN Planning | Gaspard Quenard, Damien Pellier and Humbert Fiorino 
 M1169 | Noise-free Explanation for Driving Action Prediction | Hongbo Zhu, Theodor Wulff, Rahul Singh Maharjan, Jinpei Han and Angelo Cangelosi 
 M1172 | Exploiting Hierarchical Symmetry in Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning | Yongkai Tian, Xin Yu, Yirong Qi, Li Wang, Pu Feng, Wenjun Wu, Rongye Shi and Jie Luo 
 M1197 | PLACO: A Multi-Stage Framework for Cost-Effective Performance in Human-AI Teams | Pranavkumar Mallela, Vinay Kumar, Shashi Shekhar Jha and Shweta Jain 
 M1200 | SUBER: An RL Environment with Simulated Human Behavior for Recommender Systems | Nathan Corecco, Giorgio Piatti, Luca Lanzendoerfer, Flint Xiaofeng Fan and Roger Wattenhofer 
 M1201 | Selfishly Cancelling Debts Can Reduce Systemic Risk | Jinyun Tong, Bart De Keijzer and Carmine Ventre 
 M1203 | Reducing Systemic Risk in Financial Networks through Donations | Jinyun Tong, Bart De Keijzer and Carmine Ventre 
 M1206 | Planning with OWL-DL Ontologies | Tobias John and Patrick Koopmann 
 M1208 | Reassessing Non-autoregressive Neural Machine Translation with a Fine-grained Error Taxonomy | Yan Liu, Longyue Wang, Zhaopeng Tu and Deyi Xiong 
 M1214 | Probabilistically Plausible Counterfactual Explanations with Normalizing Flows | Patryk Wielopolski, Oleksii Furman, Jerzy Stefanowski and Maciej Zięba 
 M1225 | Real-Time Indoor Object Detection based on hybrid CNN-Transformer Approach | Salah-Eddine Laidoudi, Madjid Maidi and Samir Otmane 
 M1227 | Parameterized Algorithms for Optimal Refugee Resettlement | Jiehua Chen, Ildikó Schlotter and Sofia Simola 
 M1228 | Anatomical Consistency Distillation and Inconsistency Synthesis for Brain Tumor Segmentation with Missing Modalities | Zheyu Zhang, Xinzhao Liu, Zheng Chen, Yueyi Zhang, Huanjing Yue, Yunwei Ou and Xiaoyan Sun 
 M1229 | Tailored-LLaMA: Optimizing Few-Shot Learning in Pruned LLAMA Models with Task-Specific Prompts | Danyal Aftab and Steven Davy 
 M1232 | Bottlenecked Backpropagation to Train Differentially Private Deep Neural Networks | Arghyadeep Ghosh and Mrinal Das 
 M1245 | Using Backdoors to Generate Learnt Information in SAT Solving | Alexander Andreev, Konstantin Chukharev, Stepan Kochemazov and Alexander Semenov 
 M1247 | Structure and Reduction of MCTS for Explainable-AI | Ronit Bustin and Claudia V. Goldman 
 M1250 | Phy-CoCo: Physical Constraint-based Correlation Learning for Tropical Cyclone Intensity and Size Estimation | Hanting Yan, Pan Mu, Cheng Huang, Jinglin Zhang and Cong Bai 
 M1253 | Count-based Novelty Exploration in Classical Planning | Giacomo Rosa and Nir Lipovetzky 
 M1256 | A Unified Automata-Theoretic Approach to LTL_f Modulo Theories | Marco Faella and Gennaro Parlato 
 M1260 | Classifier Guidance Enhances Diffusion-based Adversarial Purification by Preserving Predictive Information | Mingkun Zhang, Jianing Li, Wei Chen, Jiafeng Guo and Xueqi Cheng 
 M1265 | FairUS - UpSampling Optimized Method for Boosting Fairness | Nurit Cohen Inger, Guy Rozenblatt, Seffi Cohen, Lior Rokach and Bracha Shapira 
 M1268 | TabCGOK: Intra-Class Groups Retrieval and Inter-Class Ordinal Knowledge Augmented Network for Ordinal Tabular Data Prediction | Zhengdong Luo, Abibulla Atawulla, Fengyi Yang, Yongqing Zhu, Yixiao Ren, Yunfei Han and Xi Zhou 
 M1284 | Shielded FOND: Planning With Safety Constraints in Pure-Past Linear Temporal Logic | Luigi Bonassi, Giuseppe De Giacomo, Alfonso Emilio Gerevini and Enrico Scala 
 M1286 | Differentiable Neural Network for Assembling Blocks | Zhiwei Liu, Qiang Lu, Yibo Zhao, Yanhong Zhao and Jake Luo 
 M1296 | MFF-YOLO: Multi-scale Feature Fusion Network for Small Ship Detection in Night Scenes | Guangyu Li, Jun Li, Hai Cao, Houjun Wang, Weili Guo and Chen Gong 
 M1303 | Audience Persona Knowledge-Aligned Prompt Tuning Method for Online Debate | Chunkit Chan, Jiayang Cheng, Xin Liu, Yauwai Yim, Yuxin Jiang, Zheye Deng, Haoran Li, Yangqiu Song, Ginny Y. Wong and Simon See 
 M1304 | Enhancing Retrieval and Managing Retrieval: A Four-Module Synergy for Improved Quality and Efficiency in RAG Systems | Yunxiao Shi, Xing Zi, Zijing Shi, Haimin Zhang, Qiang Wu and Min Xu 
 M1310 | The Distributional Uncertainty of the SHAP score in Explainable Machine Learning | Santiago Cifuentes, Leopoldo Bertossi, Nina Pardal, Sergio Abriola, Maria Vanina Martinez and Miguel Romero 
 M1311 | SFDFusion: An Efficient Spatial-Frequency Domain Fusion Network For Infrared and Visible Image Fusion [not presented] | Kun Hu, Qingle Zhang, Maoxun Yuan and Yitian Zhang 
 M1328 | A novel view of analogical proportion between formulas | Andreas Herzig, Emiliano Lorini and Henri Prade 
 M1329 | Unidirectional Cross-modal Fusion for RGB-T Tracking | Xiao Guo, Hangfei Li, Yufei Zha and Peng Zhang 
 M1331 | On Parallel External-Memory Bidirectional Search | Lior Siag, Shahaf Shperberg, Ariel Felner and Nathan Sturtevant 
 M1338 | United We Stand: Decentralized Multi-Agent Planning With Attrition | Nhat Nguyen, Duong Nguyen, Gianluca Rizzo and Hung Nguyen 
 M1344 | Combining Active Learning and Learning to Reject for Anomaly Detection | Luca Stradiotti, Lorenzo Perini and Jesse Davis 
 M1346 | Link prediction without learning | Simon Delarue, Thomas Bonald and Tiphaine Viard 
 M1366 | Learning Reward Structure with Subtasks in Reinforcement Learning | Shuai Han, Mehdi Dastani and Shihan Wang 
 M1367 | Principled Explanations for Robust Redistributive Decisions | Hénoïk Willot, Khaled Belahcene and Sébastien Destercke 
 M1369 | Understanding XAI Through the Philosopher's Lens: A Historical Perspective | Martina Mattioli, Antonio Emanuele Cinà and Marcello Pelillo 
 M1372 | Mitigating Bias: Model Pruning for Enhanced Model Fairness and Efficiency | Harsh Kasyap, Ugur Atmaca, Michela Iezzi, Toby Walsh and Carsten Maple 
 M1376 | Crafting Lifelike Avatars: Model Compression and Advanced Rendering Techniques | Shengjia Zhang 
 M1390 | Adversarial Attack for Explanation Robustness of Rationalization Models | Yuankai Zhang, Lingxiao Kong, Haozhao Wang, Ruixuan Li, Jun Wang, Yuhua Li and Wei Liu 
 M1395 | Distilling the Effects of Language Model Contamination | Behzad Mehrbakhsh, Fernando Martínez-Plumed and Jose Hernandez-Orallo 
 M1405 | SelfBC: Self Behavior Cloning for Offline Reinforcement Learning | Shirong Liu, Chenjia Bai, Zixian Guo, Hao Zhang, Gaurav Sharma and Yang Liu 
 M1407 | Accelerating Machine Learning for Trading Using Programmable Switches | Xinpeng Hong, Changgang Zheng, Stefan Zohren and Noa Zilberman 
 M1417 | Enhancing Text-to-SQL Capabilities of Large Language Models via Domain Database Knowledge Injection | Xingyu Ma, Xin Tian, Lingxiang Wu, Xuepeng Wang, Xueming Tang and Jinqiao Wang 
 M1418 | R4: Reinforced Retriever-Reorder-Responder for Retrieval-Augmented Large Language Models [not presented] | Taolin Zhang, Dongyang Li, Qizhou Chen, Chengyu Wang, Longtao Huang, Hui Xue, Xiaofeng He and Jun Huang 
 M1420 | Fair-OBNC: Correcting Label Noise for Fairer Datasets | Inês Oliveira E Silva, Sérgio Jesus, Hugo Ferreira, Pedro Saleiro, Inês Sousa, Pedro Bizarro and Carlos Soares 
 M1421 | Multi-Agent Path Finding with Real Robot Dynamics and Interdependent Tasks for Automated Warehouses | Vassilissa Lehoux-Lebacque, Tomi Silander, Christelle Loiodice, Seungjoon Lee, Albert Wang and Sofia Michel 
 M1428 | Compromises in Dialogical Argumentation: Aggregated Policies for Biparty Decision Theory | Ivan Donadello, Renan Lirio de Souza, Anthony Hunter and Mauro Dragoni 
 M1431 | Bipartite Time Series Network for Data Imputation | Ilaria Amerise, Valeria Fionda and Giuseppe Pirrò 
 M1433 | Uncertainty-guided Dual Task Framework for Semi-supervised Segmentation of Thyroid Nodules | Xiang Ying, Jizhe Zhang, Jie Gao, Mei Yu, Ruixuan Zhang, Jialin Zhu, Xuewei Li and Ruiguo Yu 
 M1437 | IPA-NeRF: Illusory Poisoning Attack Against Neural Radiance Fields | Wenxiang Jiang, Hanwei Zhang, Shuo Zhao, Zhongwen Guo and Hao Wang 
 M1441 | Winning the 2023 CityLearn Challenge: a Community-based Hierarchical Energy Systems Coordination Algorithm | Andoni Irazusta Garmendia, Francesco Morri, Quentin Cappart and Hélène Le Cadre 
 M1442 | Node Classification via Adaptive Spectral-Heterophily | Giuseppe Pirrò 
 M1445 | Hop-based Heterogeneous Graph Transformer | Zixuan Yang, Xiao Wang, Yanhua Yu, Yuling Wang, Kangkang Lu, Zirui Guo, Xiting Qin, Yunshan Ma and Tat-Seng Chua 
 M1452 | Modelling Diffusion of Dependent and Conflicting Behaviours with Dynamic Logic | Gabriel Amorim, Marlo Souza and Alvaro Moreira 
 M1456 | Building and Assessing a Named Entity Recognition Resource for Ancient Pharmacopeias | Karim El Haff, Wissam Antoun, Agnès Braud, Florence Le Ber and Veronique Pitchon 
 M1457 | Detecting Patterns of Attacks to Network Security in Urban Air Mobility with Answer Set Programming | Gioacchino Sterlicchio and Francesca Alessandra Lisi 
 M1462 | Verification of Geometric Robustness of Neural Networks via Piecewise Linear Approximation and Lipschitz Optimisation | Ben Batten, Yang Zheng, Alessandro De Palma, Panagiotis Kouvaros and Alessio Lomuscio 
 M1464 | TrustFed: Navigating Trade-offs Between Performance, Fairness, and Privacy in Federated Learning | Maryam Badar, Sandipan Sikdar, Wolfgang Nejdl and Marco Fisichella 
 M1484 | Barely Decidable Fragments of Planning | Maurice Dekker and Gregor Behnke 
 M1486 | HyenaPixel: Global Image Context with Convolutions | Julian Spravil, Sebastian Houben and Sven Behnke 
 M1487 | Representation Matters for Mastering Chess: Improved Feature Representation in AlphaZero Outperforms Switching to Transformers | Johannes Czech, Jannis Blüml, Kristian Kersting and Hedinn Steingrimsson 
 M1488 | Learning Brave Assumption-Based Argumentation Frameworks via ASP | Emanuele De Angelis, Maurizio Proietti and Francesca Toni 
 M1506 | A Simple Yet Effective Interpretable Bayesian Personalized Ranking for Cognitive Diagnosis | Arthur Batel, Idir Benouaret, Joan Fruitet, Marc Plantevit and Celine Robardet 
 M1510 | Mechanism Design for Extending the Accessibility of Facilities | Hau Chan, Jianan Lin, Chenhao Wang and Yanxi Xie 
 M1524 | Optimal Layout-Aware CNOT Circuit Synthesis with Qubit Permutation | Irfansha Shaik and Jaco van de Pol 
 M1527 | Global Optimisation of Black-Box Functions with Generative Models in the Wasserstein Space | Tigran Ramazyan, Mikhail Hushchyn and Denis Derkach 
 M1531 | A Methodology Establishing Linear Convergence of Adaptive Gradient Methods under PL Inequality | Kushal Chakrabarti and Mayank Baranwal 
 M1532 | LoCa: Logit Calibration for Knowledge Distillation | Runming Yang, Taiqiang Wu and Yujiu Yang 
 M1535 | Learning Backdoors for Mixed Integer Linear Programs with Contrastive Learning | Junyang Cai, Taoan Huang and Bistra Dilkina 
 M1546 | Sparse Convolutional Neural Network for Localization and Orientation Prediction and Application to Drone Control | Jan Rodziewicz-Bielewicz and Marcin Korzeń 
 M1547 | Transfer Learning Can Introduce Bias | Parisa Salmani and Peter Lewis 
 M1554 | Scale-Adaptive Balancing of Exploration and Exploitation in Classical Planning | Stephen Wissow and Masataro Asai 
 M1562 | Cost Partitioning For Multiple Sequence Alignment | Mika Skjelnes, Daniel Gnad and Jendrik Seipp 
 M1566 | Language Task Difficulty Prediction through LLM-Annotated Meta-Features | Yael Moros-Daval, Fernando Martínez-Plumed and José Hernández-Orallo 
 M1574 | Embedding Knowledge Graphs in Degenerate Clifford Algebras | Louis Mozart Kamdem Teyou, Caglar Demir and Axel Cyrille Ngonga Ngomo 
 M1575 | How to guide a present-biased agent through prescribed tasks? | Tatiana Belova, Yuriy Dementiev, Fedor Fomin, Petr Golovach and Artur Ignatiev 
 M1579 | DataDetective: Dataset Watermarking for Leakers Identification in ML Training | Noa Wegerhoff, Avishag Shapira, Yuval Elovici and Asaf Shabtai 
 M1581 | A Federated Large Language Model for Long-Term Time Series Forecasting | Raed Abdel Sater and Abdessamad Ben Hamza 
 M1584 | Worst- and Average-Case Robustness of Stable Matchings: (Counting) Complexity and Experiments | Kimon Boehmer and Niclas Boehmer 
 M1589 | MoSt-DSA: Modeling Motion and Structural Interactions for Direct Multi-Frame Interpolation in DSA Images | Ziyang Xu, Huangxuan Zhao, Ziwei Cui, Wenyu Liu, Chuansheng Zheng and Xinggang Wang 
 M1591 | FilFL: Client Filtering for Optimized Client Participation in Federated Learning | Fares Fourati, Salma Kharrat, Vaneet Aggarwal, Mohamed-Slim Alouini and Marco Canini 
 M1593 | Differentiable Logic Programming for Distant Supervision | Akihiro Takemura and Katsumi Inoue 
 M1594 | Explaining the Lack of Locally Envy-Free Allocations | Aurélie Beynier, Jean-Guy Mailly, Nicolas Maudet and Anaëlle Wilczynski 
 M1596 | ChatZero: Zero-shot Cross-Lingual Dialogue Generation via Pseudo-Target Language [not presented] | Yongkang Liu, Shi Feng, Daling Wang, Yifei Zhang and Hinrich Schütze 
 M1597 | Benchmarking Adversarial Robustness in Speech Emotion Recognition: Insights into Low-Resource Romanian and German Languages | Sebastian-Vasile Echim, Răzvan-Alexandru Smădu and Dumitru-Clementin Cercel 
 M1601 | Distribution of Chores with Information Asymmetry | Hadi Hosseini, Joshua Kavner, Tomasz Wąs and Lirong Xia 
 M1602 | Counterfactual Thinking in Stochastic Dynamics of Cooperation | António M. Fernandes, Francisco C. Santos and Ana Paiva 
 M1604 | QFMTS: Generating Query-Focused Summaries over Multi-Table Inputs | Weijia Zhang, Vaishali Pal, Jia-Hong Huang, Evangelos Kanoulas and Maarten de Rijke 
 M1615 | Learning Joint Models of Prediction and Optimization | James Kotary, Vincenzo Di Vito Francesco, Jacob Cristopher, Pascal Van Hentenryck and Ferdinando Fioretto 
 M1618 | Coopetition in Heterogeneous Cross-Silo Federated Learning | Chao Huang, Justin Dachille and Xin Liu 
 M1624 | Adjacent Leader Decentralized Stochastic Gradient Descent | Haoze He, Jing Wang and Anna Choromanska 
 M1627 | ANSPRE: Improving Question-Answering in Large Language Models with Answer-Prefix Generation | Nguyen-Khang Le, Dieu-Hien Nguyen and Nguyen Le Minh 
 M1632 | Every Node Counts: Improving the Training of Graph Neural Networks on Node Classification | Moshe Eliasof, Eldad Haber and Eran Treister 
 M1635 | Causal Diffusion Autoencoders: Toward Counterfactual Generation via Diffusion Probabilistic Models | Aneesh Komanduri, Chen Zhao, Feng Chen and Xintao Wu 
 M1645 | Planning to be Healthy: Towards Personalized Medication Planning | Lee-Or Alon, Hana Weitman, Alexander Shleyfman and Gal Kaminka 
 M1646 | Estimating Causal Effects from Learned Causal Networks | Anna Raichev, Jin Tian, Alex Ihler and Rina Dechter 
 M1649 | CorrAdaptor: Adaptive Local Context Learning for Correspondence Pruning | Wei Zhu, Yicheng Liu, Yuping He, Tangfei Liao, Kang Zheng, Xiaoqiu Xu, Tao Wang and Tong Lu 
 M1670 | Domain Feature Perturbation for Domain Generalization | Chenguang Wang, Zijun Zhang and Zhidan Zhou 
 M1673 | A Hybrid Approach towards Chinese Spelling and Splitting Error Correction | Junhong Liang, Junnan Zhu, Yu Zhou, Feifei Zhai, Nanchang Chen and Chengqing Zong 
 M1675 | Be Persistent: Towards a Unified Solution for Mitigating Shortcuts in Deep Learning | Hadi Mohaghegh Dolatabadi, Sarah Erfani and Christopher Leckie 
 M1677 | Parameter Estimation of Long Memory Stochastic Processes with Deep Neural Networks | Bálint Csanády, Lóránt Nagy, Dániel Boros, Iván Ivkovic, Dávid Kovács, Dalma Tóth-Lakits, László Márkus and András Lukács 
 M1678 | Backward Compatibility in Attributive Explanation and Enhanced Model Training Method | Ryuta Matsuno 
 M1683 | FairCognizer: A Model for Accurate Predictions with Inherent Fairness Evaluation | Adda Akram Bendoukha, Nesrine Kaaniche, Aymen Boudguiga and Renaud Sirdey 
 M1684 | MEFusion: Unsupervised Mutual Enhancement for Multimodal Image Fusion | Yushe Cao, Siwen Jiao, Penghao Sun, Baoyun Peng, Dianxi Shi and Yuanchun Shi 
 M1685 | CODD: A Decision Diagram-based Solver for Combinatorial Optimization | Laurent Michel and Willem-Jan van Hoeve 
 M1687 | Optimal Diffusion Auctions | Yao Zhang, Zheng Shanshan and Dengji Zhao 
 M1694 | MixCon: A Hybrid Architecture for Efficient and Adaptive Sequence Modeling | Xin Xu and Zhouchen Lin 
 M1695 | Counseling Responses for Mental Health Forum Questions with Early Maladaptive Schema Prediction | Sujatha Das Gollapalli, Beng Heng Ang, Mingzhe Du and See-Kiong Ng 
 M1699 | UDUC: An Uncertainty-driven Approach for Learning-based Robust Control | Yuan Zhang, Jasper Hoffmann and Joschka Boedecker 
 M1706 | High-Quality Human Motion Prediction using Size Invariant Motion Space | Haichuan Zhao, Xudong Ru, Peng Du, Shaolong Liu, Na Liu, Xingce Wang and Zhongke Wu 
 M1715 | Class-Aware Sample Weight Learning for Cross-Modal Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Cross-User Wearable Human Activity Recognition | Tong Wu, Yanbin Liu and Sira Yongchareon 
 M1717 | Grouped Logit Distillation Enhanced with Superclass Awareness for Efficient Knowledge Transfer | Shuoxi Zhang, Hanpeng Liu, Yuyi Wang and Kun He 
 M1719 | Large Language Model Agentic Approach to Fact Checking and Fake News Detection | Xinyi Li, Yongfeng Zhang and Edward Malthouse 
 M1722 | Large Language Model Prompting With Episodic Memory | Van Dai Do, Quan Tran, Svetha Venkatesh and Hung Le 
 M1730 | Adaptive Fraud Detection on e-Commerce Platforms | Shaowen Tang and Raymond Wong 
 M1732 | Differentiating Choices via Commonality for Multiple-Choice Question Answering | Wenqing Deng, Zhe Wang, Kewen Wang, Shirui Pan, Xiaowang Zhang and Zhiyong Feng 
 M1759 | STPDN: Spatio-Temporal Pattern Decomposition Network with Fluctuation Awareness for Robust Traffic Flow Forecasting | Xudong Zhang, Peng Peng, Xuewen Chen, Yulei Wu, Lingdong Shen and Haina Tang 
 M1762 | SETTP: Style Extraction and Tunable Inference via Dual-level Transferable Prompt Learning | Chunzhen Jin, Yongfeng Huang, Yaqi Wang, Peng Cao and Osmar Zaiane 
 M1765 | One-shot Collaborative Data Distillation | Rayne Holland, Chandra Thapa, Wei Shao, Seyit Camtepe and Sarah Ali Siddiqui 
 M1766 | Learning Compact Neural Networks via Generalized Structured Sparsity | Ke Bian, Lu Sun and Dengji Zhao 
 M1780 | Detecting Objects as Cascade Corners | Chenglong Liu, Jintao Liu, Haoran Wei, Jinze Yang, Liangyu Xu, Yuchen Guo and Lu Fang 
 M1806 | Estimating the Robustness Radius for Randomized Smoothing with 100x Sample Efficiency | Emmanouil Seferis, Stefanos Kollias and Chih-Hong Cheng 
 M1809 | A First-Order Multi-Gradient Algorithm for Multi-Objective Bi-Level Optimization | Feiyang Ye, Baijiong Lin, Xiaofeng Cao, Yu Zhang and Ivor Tsang 
 M1817 | Lightweight Transformer for sEMG Gesture Recognition with Feature Distilled Variational Information Bottleneck | Zefeng Wang, Bingbing Hu, Junfeng Yao and Jinsong Su 
 M1821 | DSPrompt: Prompt Learning with Relation Abstraction and Context Injection for Distant Supervised Relation Extraction | Zechen Meng, Wenbin Zhang, Mankun Zhao, Tianyi Xu, Jian Yu, Ruiguo Yu and Mei Yu 
 M1827 | Limited Voting for Better Representation? | Maaike Venema-Los, Zoé Christoff and Davide Grossi 
 M1839 | Model Priming with Triplet Loss for Few-Shot Emotion Classification in Text | Jens Lemmens and Walter Daelemans 
 M1850 | ReactAIvate: A Deep Learning Approach to Predicting Reaction Mechanisms and Unmasking Reactivity Hotspots | Ajnabiul Hoque, Manajit Das, Mayank Baranwal and Raghavan B Sunoj 
 M1852 | Reduce, Reuse, Recycle: Categories for Compositional Reinforcement Learning | Georgios Bakirtzis, Michail Savvas, Ruihan Zhao, Sandeep Chinchali and Ufuk Topcu 
 M1854 | Enabling Causal Discovery in Post-Nonlinear Models with Normalizing Flows | Nu Hoang, Bao Duong and Thin Nguyen 
 M1855 | Revisiting Vacuous Reduct Semantics for Abstract Argumentation | Lydia Blümel and Matthias Thimm 
 M1856 | Unveiling the Power of Sparse Neural Networks for Feature Selection | Zahra Atashgahi, Tennison Liu, Mykola Pechenizkiy, Raymond Veldhuis, Decebal Constantin Mocanu and Mihaela van der Schaar 
 M1860 | Efficient Initial Data Selection and Labeling for Multi-Class Classification Using Topological Analysis | Lies Hadjadj, Emilie Devijver, Rémi Molinier and Massih-Reza Amini 
 M1867 | Scalable Variational Causal Discovery Unconstrained by Acyclicity | Nu Hoang, Bao Duong and Thin Nguyen 
 M1869 | Control by Adding Players to Change or Maintain the Shapley–Shubik or the Penrose–Banzhaf Power Index in Weighted Voting Games Is Complete for NP^PP | Joanna Kaczmarek and Jörg Rothe 
 M1892 | Multi-View Prompt for Fine-Grained Multimodal NER and Grounding [not presented] | Jintao Liu, Chenglong Liu and Kaiwen Wei 
 M1893 | Deep Mapper: Efficient Visualization of Plausible Conformational Pathways | Ziyad Oulhaj, Yoshiyuki Ishii, Kento Ohga, Kimihiro Yamazaki, Mutsuyo Wada, Yuhei Umeda, Takashi Katoh, Yuichiro Wada and Hiroaki Kurihara 
 M1904 | On explaining with attention matrices | Omar Naim and Nicholas Asher 
 M1911 | Boundary-Enhanced Instance Segmentation | Fangyuan Zhang, Tianxiang Pan, Yu-Wing Tai and Bin Wang 
 M1912 | Enhancing Hate Speech Annotations with Background Semantics | Paula Reyero Lobo, Enrico Daga, Harith Alani and Miriam Fernandez 
 M1913 | Symmetry-Breaking Constraints for Directed Graphs | Jussi Rintanen and Masood Feyzbakhsh Rankooh 
 M1917 | Fact Probability Vector Based Goal Recognition | Nils Wilken, Lea Cohausz, Christian Bartelt and Heiner Stuckenschmidt 
 M1923 | Reasonable Gradients for Online Training Algorithms in Spiking Neural Networks | Lang Xue, Hanwen Liu, Jing Wang and Hong Qu 
 M1929 | A Lazy Approach to Neural Numerical Planning with Control Parameters | René Heesch, Alessandro Cimatti, Jonas Ehrhardt, Alexander Diedrich and Oliver Niggemann 
 M1974 | Prompt Based Data Augmentation Using Contrastive Learning Under Scarcity of Annotated Data | Muhammad Uzair Ul Haq, Davide Rigoni and Alessandro Sperduti 
 M1980 | Augmented prediction of a true class for Positive Unlabeled data under selection bias | Jan Mielniczuk and Adam Wawrzeńczyk 
 M1981 | Synthesis of Reward Machines for Multi-Agent Equilibrium Design | Muhammad Najib and Giuseppe Perelli 
 M1982 | Spatial and Frequency-based Feature Reconstruction for Cross-Database Micro-Expression Recognition | Zhi Feng, C. L. Philip Chen, Shiting Xu and Tong Zhang 
 M1985 | Offline Model-Based Reinforcement Learning with Anti-Exploration | Padmanaba Srinivasan and William J. Knottenbelt 
 M1987 | Learning in Multi-Objective Public Goods Games with Non-Linear Utilities | Nicole Orzan, Erman Acar, Davide Grossi, Patrick Mannion and Roxana Radulescu 
 M1991 | DecorTAD: Diffusion Based Conditional Representation Learning for Online Trajectory Anomaly Detection | Chen Wang, Sarah Erfani, Tansu Alpcan and Christopher Leckie 
 M1993 | Robust Monocular Depth Estimation in Adverse Weather Conditions by Unsupervised Domain Adaptation | Jihui Lee, Quoc-Vinh Lai-Dang, Neha Sengar and Dongsoo Har 
 M2000 | SecPE: Secure Prompt Ensembling for Private and Robust Large Language Models | Jiawen Zhang, Kejia Chen, Zunlei Feng, Jian Lou and Mingli Song 
 M2002 | Model Provenance via Model DNA | Xin Mu, Yu Wang, Yehong Zhang, Jiaqi Zhang, Hui Wang, Yang Xiang and Yue Yu 
 M2003 | DeepDFA: Automata Learning through Neural Probabilistic Relaxations | Elena Umili and Roberto Capobianco 
 M2013 | Approximate Mechanism Design for Facility Location with Multiple Objectives | Toby Walsh 
 M2020 | The Form and the Content: Non-monotonic Reasoning with Syntactic Contextual Filtering | Florence Dupin de Saint-Cyr and Pierre Bisquert 
 M2022 | Reducing Texture Bias of Deep Neural Networks via Edge Enhancing Diffusion | Edgar Heinert, Matthias Rottmann, Kira Maag and Karsten Kahl 
 M2025 | SAT-Based Approaches to Reasoning in Choice Logics | Tuomo Lehtonen, Andreas Niskanen and Matti Järvisalo 
 M2026 | Iteratively Calibrating Prompts for Unsupervised Diverse Opinion Summarization | Jian Wang, Yuqing Sun, Yanjie Liang, Xin Li and Bin Gong 
 M2033 | An Online Incremental Learning Approach for Configuring Multi-arm Bandits Algorithms | Mohammad Essa Alsomali, Roberto Rodrigues Filho, Leandro Soriano Marcolino and Barry Porter 
 M2035 | u-LLaVA: Unifying Multi-Modal Tasks via Large Language Model | Jinjin Xu, Liwu Xu, Yuzhe Yang, Xiang Li, Fanyi Wang, Yanchun Xie, Yi-Jie Huang and Yaqian Li 
 M2036 | Generating SROI− Ontologies via Knowledge Graph Query Embedding Learning | Yunjie He, Daniel Hernandez, Mojtaba Nayyeri, Bo Xiong, Yuqicheng Zhu, Evgeny Kharlamov and Steffen Staab 
 M2042 | CAMAOT: Channel-Aware Multi-Camera Active Object Tracking System | Maolong Yin, Bin Guo, Zhuo Sun, Lei Wu, Zhaotie Hao and Zhiwen Yu 
 M2044 | Night-to-Day: Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation for Nighttime Pedestrian Detection | Afnan Althoupety, Li-Yun Wang, Wu-Chi Feng and Banafsheh Rekabdar 
 M2045 | Bridging Continual Learning of Motion and Self-Supervised Representations | Matteo Tiezzi, Simone Marullo, Alessandro Betti, Michele Casoni and Stefano Melacci 
 M2049 | Inside the Black Box: Detecting Data Leakage in Pre-trained Language Encoders | Yuan Xin, Zheng Li, Ning Yu, Dingfan Chen, Mario Fritz, Michael Backes and Yang Zhang 
 M2052 | Gotta Catch 'Em All! Sequence Flaws in CEGAR for Classical Planning | Martín Pozo, Álvaro Torralba and Carlos Linares López 
 M2054 | Do we Care about Poll Manipulation in Political Elections? | Vincent Mousseau, Henri Surugue and Anaëlle Wilczynski 
 M2055 | Spatially Constrained Transformer with Efficient Global Relation Modelling for Spatio-Temporal Prediction | Ashutosh Sao and Simon Gottschalk 
 M2064 | Learning logic programs by finding minimal unsatisfiable subprograms | Andrew Cropper and Céline Hocquette 
 M2069 | Rigorous Probabilistic Guarantees for Robust Counterfactual Explanations | Luca Marzari, Francesco Leofante, Ferdinando Cicalese and Alessandro Farinelli 
 M2074 | Fairness in Repeated House Allocation | Karl Jochen Micheel and Anaëlle Wilczynski 
 M2075 | Hierarchical Average-Reward Linearly-solvable Markov Decision Processes | Guillermo Infante, Anders Jonsson and Vicenç Gómez 
 M2088 | Explaining an Agent’s Future Beliefs through Temporally Decomposing Future Reward Estimators | Mark Towers, Yali Du, Christopher Freeman and Timothy Norman 
 M2093 | A Heuristic for Optimal Total-Order HTN Planning Based on Integer Linear Programming | Conny Olz, Alexander Lodemann and Pascal Bercher 
 M2106 | MC-SORT: A Motion Correction-based Framework for Long-Term Multiple Object Tracking | Xiangyu Li, Yunchuan Qin, Ruihui Li, Guanghua Tan, Zhuo Tang and Kenli Li 
 M2110 | DINEX: Interpretable NLP via Diversified Natural Language Explanations [not presented] | Xugang Zhou, Jindian Su and Weizheng Gu 
 M2121 | Mask-Encoded Sparsification: Mitigating Biased Gradients in Communication-Efficient Split Learning | Wenxuan Zhou, Zhihao Qu, Shen-Huan Lyu, Miao Cai and Baoliu Ye 
 M2123 | A Meta-Learning Approach for Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning in Sustainable Home Energy Management | Junlin Lu, Patrick Mannion and Karl Mason 
 M2124 | Understanding the Impact of Human Oversight on Discriminatory Outcomes in AI-Supported Decision Making | Alexia Gaudeul, Ottla Arrigoni, Vasiliki Charisi, Marina Escobar-Planas and Isabelle Hupont-Torres 
 M2129 | Cliff: Leveraging Ambiguous Samples for Enhanced Test-Time Adaptation [not presented] | Xiao Chen, Qihui Zhang and Yan Wang 
 M2138 | On the Effects of Irrelevant Variables in Treatment Effect Estimation with Deep Disentanglement | Ahmad Saeed Khan, Erik Schaffernicht and Johannes Andreas Stork 
 M2139 | Advancing Topic Segmentation of Broadcasted Speech with Multilingual Semantic Embeddings | Sakshi Deo Shukla, Pavel Denisov and Tugtekin Turan 
 M2145 | The Propensity for Density in Feed-forward Models | Nandi Schoots, Alex Jackson, Ali Kholmovaia, Peter McBurney and Murray Shanahan 
 M2149 | Laner-GNN: Adapting to Long-Tail Degree Distribution with Latent Neighborhood Restorers | Lingjun Xu, Haowen Li, Guojie Song, Liang Wang and Bo Zheng 
 M2162 | Complex multi-ontology alignment through geometric operations on language embeddings | Marta Contreiras Silva, Daniel Faria and Catia Pesquita 
 M2164 | Instruction following with goal-conditioned reinforcement learning in virtual environments | Zoya Volovikova, Alexey Skrynnik, Petr Kuderov and Aleksandr I. Panov 
 M2167 | Contribution of V1 receptive field properties to corruption robustness in CNNs | Ruxandra Barbulescu, Tiago Marques and Arlindo Oliveira 
 M2169 | Diversity-enhanced Learning for Unsupervised Syntactically Controlled Paraphrase Generation | Shaojuan Wu, Jitong Li, Yue Sun, Xiaowang Zhang and Zhiyong Feng 
 M2170 | A study of prototypical network techniques for cross-subject EEG analysis | Wenchao Liu, Guangyu Wang, Yuhong He, Hongjian Bo, Lin Ma and Haifeng Li 
 M2184 | Cascade Memory for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection | Jiahao Li, Yiqiang Chen, Yunbing Xing, Yang Gu and Xiangyuan Lan 
 M2197 | TED: Accelerate Model Training by Internal Generalization | Jinying Xiao, Ping Li and Jie Nie 
 M2198 | Improving Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis via Tuple-Order Learning | Gongzhen Hu, Yuanjun Liu, Xiabing Zhou and Min Zhang 
 M2202 | Robust Deep Hawkes Process under Label Noise of Both Event and Occurrence | Xiaoyu Tan, Bin Li, Xihe Qiu, Jingjing Huang, Yinghui Xu and Wei Chu 
 M2203 | Federated Learning with Hybrid Knowledge Distillations on Long-Tailed Heterogeneous Client Data | Senbin Liu, Yuanting Zhang, Kunhua Zhang and Yi Wang 
 M2207 | Natural Mitigation of Catastrophic Interference: Continual Learning in Power-Law Learning Environments [not presented] | Atith Gandhi, Raj Shah, Vijay Marupudi and Sashank Varma 
 M2208 | Designing an XAI Interface for Tree-Based ML Models | Gilles Audemard, Sylvie Coste-Marquis, Pierre Marquis, Mehdi Sabiri and Nicolas Szczepanski 
 M2210 | ALOE: Boosting Large Language Model Fine-Tuning with Aggressive Loss-based Elimination of Samples | Alexander Demidovskij, Aleksei Trutnev, Artyom Tugaryov and Igor Salnikov 
 M2213 | On the Computation of Contrastive Explanations for Boosted Regression Trees | Gilles Audemard, Jean Marie Lagniez and Pierre Marquis 
 M2222 | Uncertainty in real-world vehicle routing | Václav Sobotka and Hana Rudová 
 M2233 | Locally-Minimal Probabilistic Explanations | Yacine Izza, Kuldeep Meel and Joao Marques-Silva 
 M2238 | Canonical Decision Diagrams Modulo Theories | Massimo Michelutti, Gabriele Masina, Giuseppe Spallitta and Roberto Sebastiani 
 M2239 | Hyperparameter Importance Analysis for Multi-Objective AutoML | Daphne Theodorakopoulos, Frederic Stahl and Marius Lindauer 
 M2242 | A Single Online Agent Can Efficiently Learn Mean Field Games | Chenyu Zhang, Xu Chen and Xuan Di 
 M2248 | Abductive and Contrastive Explanations for Scoring Rules in Voting | Clément Contet, Umberto Grandi and Jérôme Mengin 
 M2252 | Planning for Human-Robot Collaboration Scenarios with Heterogeneous Costs and Durations | Silvia Izquierdo-Badiola, Gerard Canal, Guillem Alenyà, Carlos Rizzo and Andrew Coles 
 M2258 | MCAHNN: Multi-channel EEG emotion recognition using Attention mechanism based on Householder Reflection | Qinglong Liu, Wenhao Jiang, Shihang Ding, Kaixuan Wang, Hongjian Bo, Cong Xu, Lin Ma and Haifeng Li 
 M2266 | Prompt-based Domain Incremental Learning with Modular Classification Layer | Boyu Wang, Yue Ma and Qinru Qiu 
 M2268 | Existence of MMS Allocations of Mixed Manna | Kevin Hsu 
 M2275 | IndMask: Inductive Explanation for Multivariate Time Series Black-box Models | Seham Nasr and Sandipan Sikdar 
 M2286 | Unified Video and Image Representation for Boosted Video Face Forgery Detection | Haotian Liu, Chenhui Pan, Yang Liu, Guoying Zhao and Xiaobai Li 
 M2287 | Fairness Auditing with Multi-Agent Collaboration | Martijn de Vos, Akash Dhasade, Jade Garcia Bourrée, Anne-Marie Kermarrec, Erwan Le Merrer, Benoît Rottembourg and Gilles Tredan 
 M2291 | In-Network Machine Learning for Real-Time Transaction Fraud Detection | Xinpeng Hong, Changgang Zheng and Noa Zilberman 
 M2297 | Annot-Mix: Learning with Noisy Class Labels from Multiple Annotators via a Mixup Extension | Marek Herde, Lukas Lührs, Denis Huseljic and Bernhard Sick 
 M2298 | Multi-Agent Path Finding with Task Assignment and Supporting Constraints | Caroline Bonhomme, Christophe Grand, Charles Lesire, Jean-Louis Dufour and Christophe Guettier 
 M2301 | Navigating Trade-offs: Policy Summarization in Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning | Zuzanna Osika, Jazmin Zatarain-Salazar, Frans Oliehoek and Pradeep Kumar Murukannaiah 
 M2305 | FenGe--An Interactive Framework for Improving the Utility of Deep Dune Segmentation in Geographical Tasks | Zheng Jiang, Anqi Lu, Zifeng Wu, Wei Wang, Gaowei Zhang, Eerdun Hasi and Yi Wang 
 M2307 | GraphFSA: A Finite State Automaton Framework for Algorithmic Learning on Graphs | Florian Grötschla, Joel Mathys, Christoffer Raun and Roger Wattenhofer 
 M2309 | Good Things Come to Those Who Wait: The Power of Sensing in Social Laws | Alexander Tuisov, Alexander Shleyfman and Erez Karpas 
 M2310 | Development of an Interpretable Uni-Null Neuron-Based Evolving Fuzzy Neural Network for Age Group Identification in Respondents with Diabetes | Paulo Vitor de Campos Souza and Mauro Dragoni 
 M2311 | Automated Synthesis of Certified Neural Networks | Matteo Zavatteri, Davide Bresolin and Nicolò Navarin 
 M2315 | EXPLAIN, AGREE, LEARN: Scaling Learning for Neural Probabilistic Logic | Victor Verreet, Lennert De Smet, Luc De Raedt and Emanuele Sansone 
 M2316 | Real-time goal recognition using approximations in Euclidean space | Douglas Tesch, Leonardo Amado and Felipe Meneguzzi 
 M2320 | Complexity Results and Algorithms for Manipulation and Bribery in Judgment Aggregation | Ari Conati, Andreas Niskanen, Ronald de Haan and Matti Järvisalo 
 M2329 | SaGess: A Sampling Graph Denoising Diffusion Model for Scalable Graph Generation | Stratis Limnios, Praveen Selvaraj, Mihai Cucuringu, Carsten Maple, Gesine Reinert and Andrew Elliott 
 M2332 | RTSR: A Real-Time Table Structure Recognition Approach | Nam Quan Nguyen, Xuan Phong Pham and Tuan Anh Tran 
 M2336 | VMFTransformer: An Angle-Preserving and Auto-Scaling Machine for Multi-horizon Probabilistic Forecasting | Yunyi Zhou, Ruohan Gao, Xinping Zheng, Yuchen Huang and Zhixuan Chu 
 M2337 | Multi-agent Planning using Visual Language Models | Michele Brienza, Francesco Argenziano, Vincenzo Suriani, Domenico Daniele Bloisi and Daniele Nardi 
 M2349 | Value-Based Rationales Improve Social Experience: A Multiagent Simulation Study | Sz-Ting Tzeng, Nirav Ajmeri and Munindar P. Singh 
 M2370 | Placement Aware Grasp Planning for Efficient Sequential Manipulation | Juhan Park, Daejong Jin and Kyungjae Lee 
 M2373 | Recurrent Task Specialization Network for Segmentation-aided Vascular Landmarks Detection in Retinal Images | Álvaro S. Hervella, José Rouco, Jorge Novo, Clara I. Sánchez and Marcos Ortega 
 M2374 | Diversifying the Mixture-of-Experts Representation for Language Models with Orthogonal Optimizer | Boan Liu, Liang Ding, Li Shen, Keqin Peng, Yu Cao, Dazhao Cheng and Dacheng Tao 
 M2377 | Detecting Hidden Triggers: Mapping Non-Markov Reward Functions to Markov | Gregory Hyde and Eugene Santos, Jr. 
 M2387 | A Practical Operational Semantics for Classical Planning in BDI Agents | Mengwei Xu, Tom Lumley, Ramon Fraga Pereira and Felipe Meneguzzi 
 M2389 | Monte Carlo tree search with state merging for reinforcement learning in Regular Decision Processes | Gabriel Paludo Licks, Fabio Patrizi and Giuseppe De Giacomo 
 M2390 | FltLM: An Intergrated Long-Context Large Language Model for Effective Context Filtering and Understanding | Jingyang Deng, Zhengyang Shen, Boyang Wang, Lixin Su, Suqi Cheng, Ying Nie, Junfeng Wang, Dawei Yin and Jinwen Ma 
 M2396 | Unveiling Learner Dynamics: The ECLIPSE Dataset and NeuralGaze Framework for Prolonged Engagement Assessment in Online Learning | Avinash Anand, Avni Mittal, Laavanaya Dhawan, Mahisha Ramesh, Juhi Krishnamurthy, Naman Lal, Raj Jaiswal, Pijush Bhuyan, Himani, Astha Verma, Rajiv Ratn Shah, Roger Zimmermann and Shin'Ichi Satoh 
 M2402 | RETRO-LI: Small-Scale Retrieval Augmented Generation Supporting Noisy Similarity Searches and Domain Shift Generalization | Gentiana Rashiti, Geethan Karunaratne, Mrinmaya Sachan, Abu Sebastian and Abbas Rahimi 
 M2403 | Taylor expansion in neural networks: How higher orders yield better predictions | Pavel Zwerschke, Arvid Weyrauch, Markus Götz and Charlotte Debus 
 M2407 | High-Dimensional Causal Bayesian Optimization | Yupeng Wu, Weiye Wang, Yangwenhui Zhang, Mingjia Li, Yuanhao Liu, Hong Qian and Aimin Zhou 
 M2412 | Reset It and Forget It: Relearning Last-Layer Weights Improves Continual and Transfer Learning | Lapo Frati, Neil Traft, Jeff Clune and Nick Cheney 
 M2415 | CLIP-based Cross-Level Semantic Interaction and Recombination Network for Composed Image Retrieval | Zhihang Liu, Qiang Huang and Yingying Zhu 
 M2418 | Thresholded Lexicographic Ordered Multiobjective Reinforcement Learning | Alperen Tercan and Vinayak Prabhu 
 M2421 | Machine Learning for Quantifier Selection in cvc5 | Jan Jakubuv, Mikolas Janota, Jelle Piepenbrock and Josef Urban 
 M2424 | Learning a Mini-batch Graph Transformer via Two-stage Interaction Augmentation | Wenda Li, Kaixuan Chen, Shunyu Liu, Tongya Zheng, Wenjie Huang and Mingli Song 
 M2436 | Channel Randomisation Methods for Zero-Shot Communication | Dylan Cope and Nandi Schoots 
 M2439 | Informed Spectral Normalized Gaussian Processes for Trajectory Prediction | Christian Schlauch, Christian Wirth and Nadja Klein 
 M2445 | ActivityGen: Extracting Enabled Activities from Screenshots | Harry H. Beyel, Sovin Manuel and Wil M. P. van der Aalst 
 M2447 | StyleMamba: State Space Model for Efficient Text-driven Image Style Transfer | Zijia Wang and Zhi-Song Liu 
 M2452 | Subsystem Discovery in High-Dimensional Time-Series Using Masked Autoencoders | Teemu Sarapisto, Haoyu Wei, Keijo Heljanko, Arto Klami and Laura Ruotsalainen 
 M2477 | IFH: a Diffusion Framework for Flexible Design of Graph Generative Models | Samuel Cognolato, Alessandro Sperduti and Luciano Serafini 
 M2479 | Discovering Bayesian Networks when Few Variables Matter | Madhumita Kundu, Pekka Parviainen and Saket Saurabh 
 M2482 | BRECS: Enhanced Binary Representation of Word Embeddings via Cosine Similarity | Rajdeep Sarkar, Sourav Dutta and John P. McCrae 
 M2485 | Neural Reward Machines | Elena Umili, Francesco Argenziano and Roberto Capobianco 
 M2487 | An Empirical Study of Grounding PPDDL plans for AI-Driven Robots in Social Environment | Gloria Beraldo, Angelo Oddi and Riccardo Rasconi 
 M2490 | stl2vec: Semantic and Interpretable Vector Representation of Temporal Logic | Gaia Saveri, Laura Nenzi, Luca Bortolussi and Jan Křetínský 
 M2508 | Explaining a probabilistic prediction on the simplex with Shapley compositions | Paul-Gauthier Noé, Miquel Perello-Nieto, Jean-Francois Bonastre and Peter Flach 
 M2539 | EthiX: A Dataset for Argument Scheme Classification in Ethical Debates | Elfia Bezou Vrakatseli, Oana Cocarascu and Sanjay Modgil 
 M2559 | B2MAPO: A Batch-by-Batch Multi-Agent Policy Optimization to Balance Performance and Efficiency | Wenjing Zhang, Wei Zhang, Wenqing Hu and Yifan Wang 
 M2563 | Domain-specific long text classification from sparse relevant information | Célia D'Cruz, Jean-Marc Bereder, Frédéric Precioso and Michel Riveill 
 M2565 | The Degree of Fairness in Efficient House Allocation | Hadi Hosseini, Medha Kumar and Sanjukta Roy 
 M2573 | CoTran: An LLM-based Code Translator using Reinforcement Learning with Feedback from Compiler and Symbolic Execution | Prithwish Jana, Piyush Jha, Haoyang Ju, Gautham Kishore, Aryan Mahajan and Vijay Ganesh 
 M2580 | Decentralized Unlabeled Multi-agent Pathfinding Via Target And Priority Swapping | Stepan Dergachev and Konstantin Yakovlev 
 M2590 | FedStale: leveraging stale updates in federated learning | Angelo Rodio and Giovanni Neglia 
 M2597 | Evolving A∗ to Efficiently Solve the k Shortest-Path Problem | Carlos Linares Lopez and Ian Herman 
 M2610 | NeurCAM: Interpretable Neural Clustering via Additive Models | Nakul Upadhya and Eldan Cohen 
 M2613 | Reaching New Heights in Multi-Agent Collective Construction | Martin Rameš and Pavel Surynek 
 M2624 | Ontology Text Alignment: Aligning Textual Content with Domain Terminology | Jieying Chen, Hang Dong, Jiaoyan Chen and Ian Horrocks 
 M2626 | HBIC: A Biclustering Algorithm for Heterogeneous Datasets | Adán José-García, Julie Jacques, Clement Chauvet, Vincent Sobanski and Clarisse Dhaenens 
 M2627 | Does Serendipity Enhance Recommendation Quality? Measuring Accuracy and Beyond-Accuracy Objectives of Serendipitous POI Suggestions | Imen Ben Sassi, Priit Järv and Sadok Ben Yahia 
 M2629 | A Gale-Shapley View of Unique Stable Marriages | Kartik Gokhale, Amit Kumar Mallik, Ankit Kumar Misra and Swaprava Nath 
 M2648 | Temporal Fairness in Decision Making Problems | Manuel Torres, Parisa Zehtabi, Michael Cashmore, Daniele Magazzeni and Manuela Veloso 
 M2671 | An Axiomatic Perspective on Anomaly Detection | Chester Wyke and Ruth Urner 
 M2672 | A Neural Rewriting System to Solve Algorithmic Problems | Flavio Petruzzellis, Alberto Testolin and Alessandro Sperduti 
 M2676 | GABInsight: Exploring Gender-Activity Binding Bias in Vision-Language Models [not presented] | Ali Abdollahi, Mahdi Ghaznavi, Mohammad Reza Karimi Nejad, Arash Mari Oriyad, Reza Abbasi, Ali Salesi, Melika Behjati, Mohammad Hossein Rohban and Mahdieh Soleymani Baghshah 
 M2683 | Revisiting the Dataset Bias Problem from a Statistical Perspective | Kien Do, Dung Nguyen, Hung Le, Thao Le, Dang Nguyen, Haripriya Harikumar, Truyen Tran, Santu Rana and Svetha Venkatesh 
 M2686 | Learning Compositional, Time-Varying Neural Barrier Contracts | Matthew Low, Timothy E. Wang and Pierluigi Nuzzo 
 M2693 | Deep Generative Models for Subgraph Prediction | Erfaneh Mahmoudzadeh, Parmis Naddaf, Kiarash Zahirnia and Oliver Schulte 
 M2697 | Approximate Estimation of High-dimension Execution Skill for Dynamic Agents in Continuous Domains | Delma Nieves-Rivera and Christopher Archibald 
 M2711 | Enhancing Stance Detection on Social Media via Core Views Discovery | Yu Yan, Yinghan Shen, Teli Liu, Xuhui Jiang and Dechun Yin 
 M2719 | A More Practical Algorithm for Weighted First-Order Model Counting with Linear Order Axiom | Qiaolan Meng, Jan Tóth, Yuanhong Wang, Yuyi Wang and Ondřej Kuželka 
 M2738 | Recovering implicit physics model under real world constraints | Ayan Banerjee and Sandeep Gupta 
 M2744 | Progressive Artistic Aesthetic Enhancement For Chinese Ink Painting Style Transfer | Chihan Huang 
 M2745 | Towards Unsupervised Model Validation | Lihi Idan 
 M2804 | Mixup Your Own Latent: Efficient and Robust Self-Supervised Learning on Small Images | Eugene Yang, Hao Chen and Seokho Kang 
 M2807 | Vanilla Gradient Descent for Oblique Decision Trees | Subrat Panda, Blaise Genest, Arvind Easwaran and Ponnuthurai Suganthan 
 M2810 | Objective-Informed Diversity for Multi-Objective Multiagent Coordination | Gaurav Dixit and Kagan Tumer 
 M2817 | REFINE-LM: Mitigating Language Model Stereotypes via Reinforcement Learning | Rameez Qureshi, Es-Sebbani Naïm, Luis Galárraga, Yvette Graham, Miguel Couceiro and Zied Bouraoui 
 M2843 | A Logic for Policy Based Resource Exchanges in Multiagent Systems | Lorenzo Ceragioli, Pierpaolo Degano, Letterio Galletta and Luca Viganò 
 M2850 | Contextually Adaptive Algorithms for Gaussian Process Bandit Optimization under Heavy-tailed Noise | Hyeonjun Park and Kyungjae Lee 
 M2856 | No Transaction Fees? No Problem! Achieving Fairness in Transaction Fee Mechanism Design | Sankarshan Damle, Varul Srivastava and Sujit Gujar 
 M2867 | Measuring User Understanding in Dialogue-based XAI Systems | Dimitry Mindlin, Amelie Robrecht, Michael Morasch and Philipp Cimiano 
 M2887 | Is Contrasting All You Need? Contrastive Learning for the Detection and Attribution of AI-generated Text | Lucio La Cava, Davide Costa and Andrea Tagarelli 
 M2894 | Few-Shot Object Detection with Instance Feature Generation and Hybrid Contrastive Learning | Yuhui Wang, Bo Peng, Tianyi Qin, Jiahui Song and Xu Zhang 
 M2901 | CAGDR: Confidence-based Acceleration of Generative Document Retrieval | Rui Fang, Chin-Yuan Yeh, Hsi-Wen Chen and Ming-Syan Chen 
 M2906 | Quantifying a Causal Effect from a CPDAG with Targeted Exogenous Causal Knowledge | Mahdi Hadj Ali, Yann Le Biannic and Pierre-Henri Wuillemin 
 M2909 | Unlocking Efficiency: Adaptive Masking for Gene Transformer Models | Soumyadeep Roy, Shamik Sural and Niloy Ganguly 
 M2915 | Exploring Large Language Models Text Style Transfer Capabilities | Weijie Li, Zhentao Gu, Xiaochao Fan, Wenjun Deng, Yong Yang, Xinyuan Zhao, Yufeng Diao and Liang Yang 
 M2932 | Dynamic Multimodal Prompt Tuning: Boost Few-shot Learning with VLM-Guided Point Cloud Models | Xiang Gu, Shuchao Pang, Anan Du, Yifei Wang, Jixiang Miao and Jorge Díez 
 M2939 | Improving The Performance of Transformer-based Models Over Classical Baselines in Multiple Transliterated Languages | Fahim Ahmed, Md Fahim, Md Ashraful Amin, Amin Ahsan Ali and Akm Mahbubur Rahman 

 Journal Track  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 J1 | Levi and Harper Identities for Non-prioritized Belief Base Change | Marco Garapa, Eduardo Fermé and Maurício Reis 
 J2 | DeepSym: Deep Symbol Generation and Rule Learning for Planning from Unsupervised Robot Interaction | Alper Ahmetoglu, M. Yunus Seker, Justus Piater, Erhan Oztop and Emre Ugur 
 J3 | Object-agnostic Affordance Categorization via Unsupervised Learning of Graph Embeddings | Alexia Toumpa and Anthony G. Cohn 
 J4 | A k-additive Choquet Integral-based Approach to Approximate the SHAP Values for Local Interpretability in Machine Learning | Guilherme Pelegrina, Leonardo Duarte and Michel Grabisch 
 J5 | Lifted Reasoning for Combinatorial Counting | Pietro Totis, Jesse Davis, Luc de Raedt and Angelika Kimmig 
 J6 | An Attention Model for the Formation of Collectives in Real-World Domains | Adrià Fenoy, Filippo Bistaffa and Alessandro Farinelli 
 J7 | Undesirable Biases in NLP: Addressing Challenges of Measurement | Oskar van der Wal, Dominik Bachmann, Alina Leidinger, Leendert van Maanen, Willem Zuidema and Katrin Schulz 
 J8 | Dealing with Expert Bias in Collective Decision-making | Axel Abels, Tom Lenaerts, Vito Trianni and Ann Nowé 
 J9 | Polarized Message-Passing in Graph Neural Networks | Tiantian He, Yang Liu, Yew-Soon Ong, Xiaohu Wu and Xin Luo 
 J10 | Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning Based on Decomposition: A Taxonomy and Framework | Florian Felten, El-Ghazali Talbi and Grégoire Danoy 
 J11 | Iterative Train Scheduling under Disruption with Maximum Satisfiability | Alexandre Lemos, Filipe Gouveia, Pedro T. Monteiro and Inês Lynce 
 J12 | Right Place, Right Time: Proactive Multi-Robot Task Allocation Under Spatiotemporal Uncertainty | Charlie Street, Bruno Lacerda, Manuel Mühlig, Nick Hawes 
 J13 | Functional Relation Field: A Model-Agnostic Framework for Multivariate Time Series Forecasting | Ting Li, Bing Yu, Jianguo Li, Guoli Yang and Zhanxing Zhu 
 J14 | Dynamic Controllability of Temporal Plans in Uncertain and Partially Observable Environments | Arthur Bit-Monnot and Paul Morris 

 Demo Track  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 D1 | EVIDENT: Enhanced Visualization and Design Integration from Textual Edits and Prompts | Miguel Escarda Fernández, Xin Lin, Iñigo López-Riobóo Botana and Sonia González Vázquez 
 D7 | Device-Specific Facial Descriptors: Winning a Lottery with a SuperNet | Andrey Savchenko, Dmitry Maslov and Ilya Makarov 
 D11 | Gas Grid Copilot: Can a MORL agent assist a dispatcher in managing a gas grid? | Alexander Schiendorfer, Gheorghe Lisca, Karima Outafraout, Lilia Michailov, Pascal Kätzel and Rudolf Felix 
 D13 | Assisted Debate Builder with Large Language Models | Elliot Faugier, Frédéric Armetta, Angela Bonifati and Bruno Yun 
 D15 | Answerable Sociotechnical Systems | Dilara Keküllüoğlu, Michael Rovatsos and Nadin Kokciyan 
 D16 | ANTIDOTE: ArgumeNtaTIon-Driven explainable artificial intelligence fOr digiTal mEdicine | Cristian Cardellino, Theo Collias, Benjamin Molinet, Erwan Hain, Wei Sun, Rodrigo Agerri, Serena Villata and Elena Cabrio 
 D21 | PEACE: Providing Explanations and Analysis for Combating Hate Expressions | Greta Damo, Nicolás Benjamín Ocampo, Elena Cabrio and Serena Villata 
 D24 | EEG-based fMRI digital twin: towards a cheap and ecological approach to measure subcortical brain activity | Nikolay Dagaev, Ilia Semenkov and Alexei Ossadtchi 
 D31 | AI-powered virtual reality system for training wrist amputees to use advanced prosthetic solutions | Vladislav Aksiotis, Oleg Sazonov, Kamila Nasrulina, Daria Medvedeva, Uliya Nekrasova and Alexei Ossadtchi 
 D36 | Nissist: An Incident Mitigation Copilot based on Troubleshooting Guides | Kaikai An, Fangkai Yang, Junting Lu, Liqun Li, Zhixing Ren, Hao Huang, Lu Wang, Pu Zhao, Yu Kang, Hua Ding, Qingwei Lin, Saravan Rajmohan, Dongmei Zhang and Qi Zhang 
 D40 | A SAM based Tool for Semi-Automatic Food Annotation | Lubnaa Abdur Rahman, Ioannis Papathanail, Lorenzo Brigato and Stavroula Mougiakakou 
 D43 | CA-SER: Cross-Attention Feature Fusion for Speech Emotion Recognition | Bashar M. Deeb, Andrey Savchenko and Ilya Makarov 
 D44 | STV+FLY: On-the-Fly Model Checking of Strategic Ability in Multi-Agent Systems | Mateusz Kamiński, Damian Kurpiewski and Wojtek Jamroga 
 D46 | A Demonstration of AI Personalized Interactive Fiction for Young Children | Jasmine Lesner, Luke Murayama, Tony Guizar, Poom Phunjamaneechot and Daniel Shapiro 
 D47 | AI-Powered Immersive Assistance for Interactive Task Execution in Industrial Environments | Tomislav Duricic, Peter Müllner, Nicole Weidinger, Neven Elsayed, Dominik Kowald and Eduardo Veas 
 D48 | KGPrune: a Web Application to Extract Subgraphs of Interest from Wikidata with Analogical Pruning | Pierre Monnin, Cherif-Hassan Nousradine, Lucas Jarnac, Laurel Zuckerman and Miguel Couceiro 
 D50 | InsideOut: Unifying Emotional LLMs to Foster Empathy | Mikhail Mozikov, Nikita Severin, Maria Glushanina, Mikhail Baklashkin, Andrey Savchenko and Ilya Makarov 
 D53 | UCCIX: Irish-eXcellence Large Language Model | Khanh-Tung Tran, Barry O'Sullivan and Hoang D. Nguyen 

 PAIS  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 P2 | Equipment Condition-Integrated Predictive Modeling for Optimized Scheduling of Ion Implantation in Semiconductor Manufacturing | Andreas Laber, Martin Gebser and Konstantin Schekotihin 
 P6 | A Robust and Scalable Approach to Meet User Preferences in Research Project Planning | Roger Lera-Leri and Filippo Bistaffa 
 P18 | Interactive Example-based Explanations to Improve Health Professionals' Onboarding with AI for Human-AI Collaborative Decision Making | Min Hun Lee, Renee Bao Xuan Ng, Silvana Xinyi Choo and Shamala Do Thilarajah 
 P21 | A predictive model for risk management of the hospitalised patient as a clinical decision support system | Isabel Benlloch-Blasco, Stella Heras, Javier Palanca, Vicent Botti, Antonio Ruiz, Isabel Miguel and Mª Isabel Marmol Lopez 
 P22 | An Intelligent Pipeline for Localization of Industrial Components in Robotic Manufacturing Applications | Parth Rawal, Daniel Valencia and Wolfgang Hintze 
 P25 | More (enough) is Better: Towards Few-Shot Illegal Landfill Waste Segmentation | Matias Molina, Carlos Ferreira, Bruno Veloso, Rita P. Ribeiro and João Gama 
 P30 | Automatic Motor Imagery classification by CNN-Transformer-LSTM using multi-channel EEG signals | Duc Thien Pham and Roman Mouček 
 P35 | Large Language Models for Question Answering over Proprietary Data | Dario Garigliotti, Bjarte Johansen, Jakob Vigerust Kallestad, Seong-Eun Cho and Cesar Ferri 
 P36 | Enhancing Decision-Making in Energy Management Systems through Action-Independent Dynamics Learning | Théo Zangato, Aomar Osmani and Pegah Alizadeh 
 P37 | Predicting Solar Heat Production to Optimize Renewable Energy Usage | Tatiana Boura, Natalia Koliou, George Meramveliotakis, Stasinos Konstantopoulos and George Kosmadakis 
 P43 | Constrained LLM-based Query Generation for Question Answering on Official Statistics | Jonas Kouwenhoven, Lucas Lageweg and Benno Kruit 
 P45 | License plate images generation with diffusion models | Mariia Shpir, Nadiya Shvai and Amir Nakib 
 P46 | Entity Matching Across Small Networks Using Node Attributes | Zahra Ahmadi, Zijian Zhang, Hoang H. Nguyen, Sergio Burdisso, Srikanth Madikeri, Petr Motlicek, Erinc Dikici, Gerhard Backfried, Marek Kovac, Kvetoslav Maly and Daniel Kudenko 
 P47 | Novelty Accommodating Multi-Agent Planning in High Fidelity Simulated Open World | James Chao, Wiktor Piotrowski, Roni Stern, Héctor Ortiz-Peña, Mitch Manzanares, Shiwali Mohan and Douglas Lange 
 P48 | A Data-Driven Approach Supporting Location Decisions for Docking Stations in Bike-Sharing Systems | Blerina Spahiu, Daniela Briola, Riccardo Sartori and Giuseppe Vizzari 
 P49 | iSee: Advancing Multi-Shot Explainable AI Using Case-based Recommendations | Anjana Wijekoon, Nirmalie Wiratunga, David Corsar, Kyle Martin, Ikechukwu Nkisi-Orji, Chamath Palihawadana, Marta Caro-Martínez, Belen Díaz-Agudo, Derek Bridge and Anne Liret 
 P52 | Automated Impact Echo Spectrum Classification using U-Net Autoencoder | Artur Liebert, Fabian Dethof, Sylvia Keßler and Oliver Niggemann 
 P53 | GIF: An Automated Genomic Information Finder to Extract Data from Reports | Pavithra Rajendran, Alexandros Zenonos, Sebin Sabu, Anastasia Spiridou, Helena Spiridou Goncalves, Nastazja Laskowski, Daniel Key, Shiren Patel, Rebecca Pope and Neil Sebire 
 P54 | ConspEmoLLM: Conspiracy Theory Detection Using an Emotion-Based Large Language Model | Zhiwei Liu, Boyang Liu, Paul Thompson, Kailai Yang and Sophia Ananiadou 
 P57 | Graphite: A Graph-based Extreme Multi-Label Short Text Classifier for Keyphrase Recommendation | Ashirbad Mishra, Soumik Dey, Jinyu Zhao, Hansi Wu, Binbin Li and Kamesh Madduri 
 P60 | Enhancing Manufacturing Knowledge Access with LLMs and Context-aware Prompting | Sebastian Monka, Stefan Schmid, Irlan Grangel-Gonzalez, Lavdim Halilaj, Marc Rickart, Oliver Rudolph and Rui Dias 
 P62 | Improving Process Yield through Manufacturing Digital Twin using Conditional Synthetic Data Engine (COSYNE) | Shantanu Chandra, Matthieu Duvinage, Pks Prakash, Patrick Davis and Sander Timmer 
 P64 | Estimating the Time of Arrival of a Shipment with Machine Learning | Francesco Gibellini, Bart van Gool, Murat Firat and Stefano Bromuri 
 P68 | Federated Online Learning for Heavy Hitter Detection | Paula Silva, João Vinagre and Joao Gama 
 P70 | Frisbees and Dogs: Domain Adaptation For Object Detection with Limited Labels in Rugby Data | Will Connors, Ellen Rushe and Anthony Ventresque 
 P73 | Match'In - Pilot project of an algorithm-based decision support system for individualized recommendations of municipalities for the integration of refugees | Christian Sauer, Carsten Wenzel, Katharina Euler, Sonja Reinhold, Frank Wuttke and Björn Oitmann 
 P76 | Reverse engineering of vinyl acetate polymerizations by genetic algorithm-based multi-objective optimization | Jelena Fiosina, Philipp Sievers, Marco Drache and Sabine Beuermann 
 P80 | X-Vent: ICU Ventilation with Explainable Model-Based Reinforcement Learning | Farhad Safaei, Miloš Nenadović, Roman Liessner, Raphael Theilen, Jakob Wittenstein, Jens Lehmann and Sahar Vahdati 
 P85 | Adaptive Context Embedding for Temperature Prediction in Residential Buildings | Sai Sushanth Varma Kalidindi, Hadi Banaee, Hans Karlsson and Amy Loutfi 
 P86 | Leveraging User-Generated Reviews for Recommender Systems with Dynamic Headers | Shanu Vashishtha, Abhay Kumar, Lalitesh Morishetti, Kaushiki Nag and Kannan Achan 
 P87 | Fuzzy Ensemble Learning and Lightweight CNN for stress classification | Katarzyna Baran 
 P88 | Physics-Assisted Explainable Anomaly Detection in Power Systems | Matthew Lau, Fahad Alsaeed, Kayla Thames, Nano Suresettakul, Saman Zonouz, Wenke Lee and Athanasios P Meliopoulos 
 P90 | AI Personalized Interactive Fiction for Young Children | Jasmine Lesner, Luke Murayama, Tony Guizar, Poom Phunjamaneechot and Daniel Shapiro 
 P93 | Generative Pretrained Embedding and Hierarchical Irregular Time Series Representation for Daily Living Activity Recognition | Damien Bouchabou and Sao Mai Nguyen 
 P101 | Label Attention Network for Temporal Sets Prediction: You Were Looking at a Wrong Self-Attention | Elizaveta Kovtun, Galina Boeva, Andrey Shulga and Alexey Zaytsev 

 SPONSORSHIP  
   
 THANK YOU TO OUR SPONSORS!  
 Thanks to the sponsors who are already supporting ECAI2024. Together we are making Santiago de Compostela the world capital of AI during 19-24 October 2024.  
 Main Partners  

 Platinum Sponsors  

 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsors  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 Institutional Sponsorships  

 Organised by  

 Hosted by  

 Media accreditation & Press Inquiries  
 If you are a journalist interested in covering the ECAI 2024 conference, please contact our press office for media relations. We will assist you with any inquiries and guide you through the accreditation process to obtain your press pass for the event.  
 Contact us at   
     press@ecai2024.eu     +34 881 81 64 11    
   
 we are listening  
        I have read and agree to the PRIVACY POLICY   Send    

 Contact  e-mail: technicalsecretariat@ecai2024.eu    
  Follow us    
   
 Pictures courtesy of Fundación Cidade da Cultura and Santiagoturismo    
   
 2023 © 27th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence ECAI 2024  Privacy policy & Cookie policy    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

34. Conference ECAI_2:
27TH EUROPEAN CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
 19-24 OCTOBER 2024  
  Santiago de Compostela  

 NEWS 
  REGISTRATION 
  SPONSORSHIPS | CONFERENCE SPONSORS   SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
  PROGRAMME | SCHEDULE AT A GLANCE   DETAILED SCHEDULE   KEYNOTE SPEAKERS   DISSERTATION AWARD TALK   PAIS INVITED SPEAKER   FRONTIERS IN AI   PANELS AND SPECIAL SESSIONS   DEMOS AND OUTREACH ACTIVITIES   BIRDS OF A FEATHER SESSIONS   WORLD COMPUTER CHESS CHAMPIONSHIPS   WORKSHOPS   TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   ACCEPTED PAPERS   SOCIAL PROGRAMME 
  CALLS | CALL FOR MAIN-TRACK PAPERS   CALL FOR PAIS PAPERS   CALL FOR DEMOS   CALL FOR WORKSHOPS   CALL FOR TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   LUNCH WITH A EURAI FELLOW   JOURNAL TRACK   Call for Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) Sessions 
  COMMITTEES | CHAIRS   ORGANIZING COMMITTEE   AREA CHAIRS   SENIOR PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PAIS COMMITTEE   DEMO TRACK COMMITTEE   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM COMMITTEE   ADDITIONAL REVIEWERS 
  AWARDS | DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD   DISSERTATION AWARD   OUTSTANDING PAPER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING DEMO AWARD   OUTSTANDING PC MEMBER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING SPC MEMBER AWARDS 
  ATTENDING | SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA   VENUES   ATTENDANCE POLICY   ACCOMMODATION   TRAVEL GRANTS   POSTER PRINTING AND ASSISTANCE   CONFERENCE APP   TRANSPORT   CODE OF CONDUCT   MULTIMEDIA REPOSITORY 
  CONTACT 
   
 We are social:         

 Call for Papers  
   
 We invite all members of the international AI research community to submit their best work to the 27th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence (ECAI-2024), to be held in the beautiful city of Santiago de Compostela during 19-24 October 2024. Join us to mark the 50th birthday since the first AI conference was held in Europe back in 1974.  
 We welcome submissions on all aspects of AI. Submissions will be subject to double-blind peer review by the programme committee. They will be evaluated based on relevance, clarity, significance, originality, soundness, reproducibility, scholarship, and quality of presentation.  
 The conference is planned as an in-person event. Each accepted paper will get assigned either an oral presentation slot or a combined poster/spotlight presentation slot. The presentation modality is not intended to reflect perceived scientific quality of the paper, so this assignment will be made in a randomised fashion (subject to programme constraints).  
 The open-access proceedings will be published by IOS Press  . A selection of the best papers submitted to the conference will be invited for fast-track consideration by the Artificial Intelligence Journal or the Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research.  

 Topics  
   
 Submissions on all aspects of AI are welcome. This includes in particular:  
 Fairness, Ethics, and Trust 
  Computer Vision 
  Constraints and Satisfiability 
  Data Mining 
  Knowledge Representation and Reasoning 
  Humans and AI 
  Machine Learning 
  Multiagent Systems 
  Natural Language Processing 
  Planning and Search 
  Robotics 
  Uncertainty in AI 
  Multidisciplinary Topics 

 Important Dates  
   
 Submission site opening:  
  Monday, 1 April 2024 
  Abstract deadline:  
  Friday, 19 April 2024 
  Paper deadline:  
  Thursday, 25 April 2024 
  Rebuttal period:  
  Monday-Wednesday 17-19 June 2024 (72 hours) 
  Author notification:  
  Thursday, 4 July 2024 
  Early registration deadline:  
  Monday, 19 August 2024 
  Camera-ready deadline:  
  Monday, 26 August 2024 
  All deadlines are at the end of the day specified, anywhere on Earth (UTC-12).  
 Author requests to formally withdraw a paper from review might take up to one week to process and might not be honoured at all if received after 19 June 2024.  

 Submission Instructions  
   
 Papers must be written in English, be prepared for double-blind review using the ECAI LaTeX template, and not exceed 7 pages (plus at most 1 extra page for references).  
 ECAI LaTeX Template   Excessive use of typesetting tricks to make things fit is not permitted. Please do not modify the style files or layout parameters.  
 Registering an abstract of your paper (of around 100-300 words in plain text) is required in advance of the paper submission deadline and you will be asked to provide additional information (such as keywords) at that time. Please do not leave things to the very last moment; you can resubmit any number of times until the submission deadline.  
 ECAI EasyChair Site     

 Ethics Statement  
   
 Research reported at ECAI should avoid harm, be honest and trustworthy, fair and non-discriminatory, and respect privacy and intellectual property.  
 Where relevant, authors can include in the main body of their paper, or on the reference page, a short ethics statement that addresses ethical issues regarding the research being reported and the broader ethical impact of the work.  
 Reviewers will be asked to flag possible violations of relevant ethical principles. Such flagged submissions will be reviewed by a senior member of the programme committee. Authors may be required to revise their paper to include a discussion of possible ethical concerns and their mitigation.  

 Supplementary Material  
   
 You have the option to accompany your submission with supplementary material, such as a technical appendix or code and data (up to 50MB).  
 Reviewers will consult supplementary material at their own discretion, and you should not assume that they necessarily will. Make sure that any supplementary material you submit really is supplementary in nature: any information that is essential for understanding or evaluating your paper must be included in the paper itself. You of course must ensure that your supplementary material does not compromise the anonymity of your submission.  
 We will not publish your supplementary material. Nevertheless, if your paper gets accepted, then the readers of your published paper should have access to the same information as the reviewers of your submission. So you should make your (suitably revised) supplementary material openly available in archival form at the time of publication of your paper, and you should include a reference to the supplementary material in the camera-ready copy of your paper. For code or data you may wish to use a service such as Zenodo  . For a technical appendix you may wish to use an archival preprint server such as arXiv  .  

 Resubmission from Other Conferences  
   
 If an earlier version of your paper was rejected from another conference with archival proceedings and double-blind reviewing during the 12 months preceding the submission deadline (such as ECAI-2023, AAAI-2024, or IJCAI-2024), you can supplement your submission with a document detailing how you have taken the reviews received into account to improve your paper.  
 This document must be a single PDF consisting of the following three parts:  
 A cover letter, of at most one page, in which you summarise your response to the reviews received and how you have changed your paper since then. 
  All reviews, including the metareview (if any), in anonymised form (but otherwise unedited). A screenshot from the submission system will usually work best. 
  An unedited copy of the earlier submission. 
  This is entirely voluntary. Do it if you feel it would help reviewers to better appreciate your work. You can include documentation for at most one conference. The document you provide will be shared with your reviewers at the start of the reviewing process.  

 Policies  
   
 ECAI subscribes to the European Code of Conduct for Research Integrity  . By submitting to ECAI you confirm that you are aware of and accept the following specific policies:  
 Originality:  Submissions must not have substantial overlap in either contribution or text with work previously accepted for publication as a full paper in another archival forum. Papers at workshops without archival proceedings and preprints are fine. 
  Concurrent submission:  We recognise the significant strain on the scientific community caused by the needs of peer review. Therefore, the work you submit must not be under review elsewhere at any time between submission and notification. 
  Anonymity:  Reviewing for ECAI is double-blind, meaning that reviewers should not be aware of the identity of the authors of the papers they review. As an author you must make a reasonable effort to ensure that this is possible. Specifically, use the “doubleblind” option of the LaTeX template and do not include any acknowledgements in your submission. Cite your own prior work where appropriate, but do so in the third rather than the first person (that is, write, for instance, “Turing et al. [42] have shown …” rather than “We have shown … [42]”). 
  Links:  Papers must not include pointers to supplementary material on the web, not even when that supplementary material has been fully anonymised, as we would be unable to ensure that it remains unaltered throughout the reviewing period. 
  Social media:  Actively promoting a paper on social media channels while it is undergoing double-blind review is discouraged. 
  Reproducibility:  Reviewers will be instructed to pay close attention to reproducibility of results where appropriate and you should submit relevant code and data as supplementary material whenever feasible. 
  Information sharing:  Submissions will be treated confidentially. However, papers, author information, and reviews may be shared with the organisers of other AI conferences to identify duplicate submissions and to limit duplicate reviewing efforts. 
  Abstracts:  Abstracts are central for the assignment of reviewers. Therefore, they must not be altered in any significant way after the abstract submission deadline. In particular, submitting “placeholder abstracts” is not admissible. 
  Authorship:  All individuals, and only those, who have made significant contributions to a paper should be listed as authors in the submission system. We will not permit adding or removing authors to a paper after the submission deadline. Please also ensure that the order of authors is correct at submission time. 
  Submission limit:  No individual may be listed as an author for more than 8 separate submissions to ECAI. 
  Generative AI:  The use of AI systems to generate text for inclusion in an ECAI submission is only allowed if its role is properly documented in the manuscript (e.g., when reporting on experiments on such systems). However, the use of AI-powered systems to assist with the polishing of human-authored text is permissible. 
  Purchasing extra pages:  Authors of accepted papers may purchase up to two extra pages in the proceedings, for EUR 250 per page. This is not intended to be used to add significant material that has not been reviewed but to allow authors to account for reviewer suggestions. The extra income generated in this manner will get channelled back into the community through travel grants and the like. 
  Attendance:  At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference by the early registration deadline with the intention of presenting the paper at the conference. This is a prerequisite for inclusion in the proceedings. 
  Reviewing:  Authors may be called upon to help with reviewing papers for ECAI. This does not apply to individuals who already are serving on the PC or who are not yet qualified to serve on the PC (such as students). Waivers will be granted in exceptional circumstances (such as parental leave). 

 Frequently Asked Questions  
   
 In case of questions, please either contact the programme chairs, Ulle Endriss (Amsterdam) and Francisco Melo (Lisbon), at pc-chairs@ecai2024.eu  or consult our FAQ:  
 Frequently Asked Questions     

 SPONSORSHIP  
   
 THANK YOU TO OUR SPONSORS!  
 Thanks to the sponsors who are already supporting ECAI2024. Together we are making Santiago de Compostela the world capital of AI during 19-24 October 2024.  
 Main Partners  

 Platinum Sponsors  

 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsors  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 Institutional Sponsorships  

 Organised by  

 Hosted by  

 Media accreditation & Press Inquiries  
 If you are a journalist interested in covering the ECAI 2024 conference, please contact our press office for media relations. We will assist you with any inquiries and guide you through the accreditation process to obtain your press pass for the event.  
 Contact us at   
     press@ecai2024.eu     +34 881 81 64 11    
   
 we are listening  
        I have read and agree to the PRIVACY POLICY   Send    

 Contact  e-mail: technicalsecretariat@ecai2024.eu    
  Follow us    
   
 Pictures courtesy of Fundación Cidade da Cultura and Santiagoturismo    
   
 2023 © 27th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence ECAI 2024  Privacy policy & Cookie policy    

  
Call for papers data: 
   

 27TH EUROPEAN CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
 19-24 OCTOBER 2024  
  Santiago de Compostela  

 NEWS 
  REGISTRATION 
  SPONSORSHIPS | CONFERENCE SPONSORS   SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
  PROGRAMME | SCHEDULE AT A GLANCE   DETAILED SCHEDULE   KEYNOTE SPEAKERS   DISSERTATION AWARD TALK   PAIS INVITED SPEAKER   FRONTIERS IN AI   PANELS AND SPECIAL SESSIONS   DEMOS AND OUTREACH ACTIVITIES   BIRDS OF A FEATHER SESSIONS   WORLD COMPUTER CHESS CHAMPIONSHIPS   WORKSHOPS   TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   ACCEPTED PAPERS   SOCIAL PROGRAMME 
  CALLS | CALL FOR MAIN-TRACK PAPERS   CALL FOR PAIS PAPERS   CALL FOR DEMOS   CALL FOR WORKSHOPS   CALL FOR TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   LUNCH WITH A EURAI FELLOW   JOURNAL TRACK   Call for Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) Sessions 
  COMMITTEES | CHAIRS   ORGANIZING COMMITTEE   AREA CHAIRS   SENIOR PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PAIS COMMITTEE   DEMO TRACK COMMITTEE   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM COMMITTEE   ADDITIONAL REVIEWERS 
  AWARDS | DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD   DISSERTATION AWARD   OUTSTANDING PAPER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING DEMO AWARD   OUTSTANDING PC MEMBER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING SPC MEMBER AWARDS 
  ATTENDING | SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA   VENUES   ATTENDANCE POLICY   ACCOMMODATION   TRAVEL GRANTS   POSTER PRINTING AND ASSISTANCE   CONFERENCE APP   TRANSPORT   CODE OF CONDUCT   MULTIMEDIA REPOSITORY 
  CONTACT 
   
 We are social:         

 ACCEPTED PAPERS  

 Main track 
  Journal track 
  Demo track 
  PAIS 
    
 Main Track  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 M11 | Artwork Protection Against Neural Style Transfer Using Locally Adaptive Adversarial Color Attack | Zhongliang Guo, Junhao Dong, Yifei Qian, Kaixuan Wang, Weiye Li, Ziheng Guo, Yuheng Wang, Yanli Li, Ognjen Arandjelović and Lei Fang 
 M21 | TSFool: Crafting Highly-Imperceptible Adversarial Time Series through Multi-Objective Attack | Yanyun Wang, Dehui Du, Haibo Hu, Zi Liang and Yuanhao Liu 
 M31 | Axiomatic Characterisations of Sample-based Explanations | Leila Amgoud, Martin Cooper and Salim Debbaoui 
 M53 | Breaking the Weak Semantics Bottleneck of Transformers in Time Series Forecasting | Ziang Yang, Biyu Zhou, Xuehai Tang, Ruixuan Li and Songlin Hu 
 M54 | Covered for Life: Lifelong Area Coverage under Spatiotemporal Uncertainty | Charlie Street and Masoumeh Mansouri 
 M69 | I-adapt: Using IoU Adapter to improve pseudo labels in cross-domain object detection | Qifeng Zhang, Changjian Chen, Zhizhong Liu and Zhuo Tang 
 M87 | Efficient Model-Stealing Attacks Against Inductive Graph Neural Networks | Marcin Podhajski, Jan Dubiński, Franziska Boenisch, Adam Dziedzic, Agnieszka Pregowska and Tomasz Michalak 
 M98 | Detect Closer Surfaces that can be Seen: New Modeling and Evaluation in Cross-domain 3D Object Detection | Ruixiao Zhang, Yihong Wu, Juheon Lee, Xiaohao Cai and Adam Prugel-Bennett 
 M102 | FlowLearn: Evaluating Large Vision-Language Models on Flowchart Understanding | Huitong Pan, Qi Zhang, Cornelia Caragea, Eduard Dragut and Longin Jan Latecki 
 M103 | TopFormer: Topology-Aware Authorship Attribution of Deepfake Texts with Diverse Writing Styles | Adaku Uchendu, Thai Le and Dongwon Lee 
 M108 | Learning A Closed-Loop Bidirectional Scale-Recurrent Network for Image Deraining | Peizhou Huang, Zixuan Zhong, Pengjie Wang, Xiangyu Wang and Xiang Chen 
 M109 | Rejection in Abstract Argumentation: Harder Than Acceptance? | Johannes K. Fichte, Markus Hecher, Yasir Mahmood and Arne Meier 
 M121 | Comateformer : Combined Attention Transformer for Semantic Sentence Matching [not presented] | Bo Li, Di Liang and Zixin Zhang 
 M122 | Matching Gains with Pays: Effective and Fair Learning in Multi-Agent Public Goods Dilemmas | Yitian Chen, Xuan Liu, Shigeng Zhang, Xinning Chen and Song Guo 
 M125 | FlexSSL : A Generic and Efficient Framework for Semi-Supervised Learning | Qin Huiling, Xianyuan Zhan, Yuanxun Li and Yu Zheng 
 M129 | Sanitizing Hidden Information with Diffusion Models | Preston K. Robinette, Daniel Moyer and Taylor T. Johnson 
 M130 | Search, Examine and Early-Termination: Fake News Detection with Annotation-Free Evidences | Yuzhou Yang, Yangming Zhou, Qichao Ying, Zhenxing Qian and Xinpeng Zhang 
 M134 | Towards Human-like Trajectory Prediction for Autonomous Driving: A Cognitive-inspired Lightweight Model | Haicheng Liao, Yongkang Li, Zhenning Li, Chengyue Wang, Guofa Li, Chunlin Tian, Zilin Bian, Kaiqun Zhu, Zhiyong Cui and Jia Hu 
 M154 | Adapt PointFormer: 3D Point Cloud Analysis via Adapting 2D Visual Transformers | Mengke Li, Da Li, Guoqing Yang, Yiu-Ming Cheung and Hui Huang 
 M159 | Empowering Biomedical Named Entity Recognition through Multi-Tagger Collaboration | Jin Zhao, Jian Xie, Tinghui Zhu, Qian Guo, Yanghua Xiao and Zhixu Li 
 M199 | FMViT: A multiple-frequency mixing Vision Transformer | Wei Tan, Yifeng Geng and Xuansong Xie 
 M205 | TrustMIS: Trust-Enhanced Inference Framework for Medical Imaging Segmentation | Fuyi Wang, Jinzhi Ouyang, Lei Pan, Leo Yu Zhang, Xiaoning Liu, Yanping Wang and Robin Doss 
 M206 | An Animation-based Augmentation Approach for Action Recognition from Discontinuous Video | Xingyu Song, Zhan Li, Shi Chen, Xin-Qiang Cai and Kazuyuki Demachi 
 M207 | Revocable Backdoor for Deep Model Trading | Yiran Xu, Nan Zhong, Zhenxing Qian and Xinpeng Zhang 
 M209 | SUBLLM: A Novel Efficient Architecture with Token Sequence Subsampling for LLM | Quandong Wang, Yuxuan Yuan, Xiaoyu Yang, Ruike Zhang, Kang Zhao, Wei Liu, Jian Luan, Daniel Povey and Bin Wang 
 M211 | Quater-GCN: Enhancing 3D Human Pose Estimation with Orientation and Semi-supervised Training | Xingyu Song, Zhan Li, Shi Chen and Kazuyuki Demachi 
 M215 | TEOcc: Radar-camera Multi-modal Occupancy Prediction via Temporal Enhancement | Zhiwei Lin, Hongbo Jin, Yongtao Wang, Yufei Wei and Nan Dong 
 M233 | Extending Context Window of Attention based Knowledge Tracing Models via Length Extrapolation | Xueyi Li, Youheng Bai, Teng Guo, Ying Zheng, Mingliang Hou, Bojun Zhan, Yaying Huang, Zitao Liu, Boyu Gao and Weiqi Luo 
 M234 | Enhancing Node Representations for Real-World Complex Networks with Topological Augmentation | Xiangyu Zhao, Zehui Li, Mingzhu Shen, Guy-Bart Stan, Pietro Liò and Yiren Zhao 
 M248 | Backward explanations via redefinition of predicates | Léo Saulières, Martin C. Cooper and Florence Dupin de Saint-Cyr 
 M249 | HAIformer: Human-AI Collaboration Framework for Disease Diagnosis via Doctor-Enhanced Transformer | Xuehan Zhao, Jiaqi Liu, Yao Zhang, Zhiwen Yu and Bin Guo 
 M252 | Cautious Calibration in Binary Classification | Mari-Liis Allikivi, Joonas Järve and Meelis Kull 
 M255 | Enhancing Fairness through Reweighting: A Path to Attain the Sufficiency Rule | Xuan Zhao, Klaus Broelemann, Salvatore Ruggieri and Gjergji Kasneci 
 M263 | Resistance Against Manipulative AI: key factors and possible actions | Piotr Wilczyński, Wiktoria Mieleszczenko-Kowszewicz and Przemysław Biecek 
 M264 | Connecting Permutation Equivariant Neural Networks and Partition Diagrams | Edward Pearce-Crump 
 M265 | Interactive and Iterative Peer Assessment | Lihi Dery 
 M267 | Deep Learning for in vivo Bronchial Carinae Detection in Flexible Bronchoscopy | Robin Ghyselinck, Valentin Delchevalerie, Pierre Poitier, Benoît Frénay and Bruno Dumas 
 M268 | Improving Calibration by Relating Focal Loss, Temperature Scaling, and Properness | Viacheslav Komisarenko and Meelis Kull 
 M269 | Rethinking Domain Generalization from Perspective of Gradient Granularity [not presented] | Yujie Zhou, Haigen Hu, Qianwei Zhou, Qiu Guan and Mingfeng Jiang 
 M271 | Artificial Agents Facilitate Human Cooperation through Indirect Reciprocity | Alexandre S. Pires and Fernando P. Santos 
 M278 | Explorative Imitation Learning: A Path Signature Approach for Continuous Environments | Nathan Gavenski, Juarez Monteiro Dos Santos Júnior, Felipe Meneguzzi, Michael Luck and Odinaldo Rodrigues 
 M283 | SinLane: Siamese Visual Transformer via Pyramid Feature Integration for Lane Detection | Zinan Lv, Dong Han, Wenzhe Wang and Danny Chen 
 M295 | RADAr: A Transformer-based Autoregressive Decoder Architecture for Hierarchical Text Classification | Yousef Younes, Lukas Galke and Ansgar Scherp 
 M305 | Multiwinner Temporal Voting with Aversion to Change | Valentin Zech, Niclas Boehmer, Edith Elkind and Nicholas Teh 
 M314 | TransFeat-TPP: An Interpretable Deep Covariate Temporal Point Processes | Zizhuo Meng, Boyu Li, Xuhui Fan, Zhidong Li, Yang Wang, Fang Chen and Feng Zhou 
 M321 | WPN: An Unlearning Method Based on N-pair Contrastive Learning in Language Models | Chen Guitao, Wang Yunshen, Sun Hongye and Chen Guang 
 M328 | Planning with Logical Graph-based Language Model for Instruction Generation | Fan Zhang, Kebing Jin and Hankz Hankui Zhuo 
 M330 | Meta-mechanisms for Combinatorial Auctions over Social Networks | Yuan Fang, Mengxiao Zhang, Jiamou Liu and Bakh Khoussainov 
 M331 | Balancing Efficiency with Equality: Auction Design with Group Fairness Concerns | Fengjuan Jia, Mengxiao Zhang, Jiamou Liu and Bakh Khoussainov 
 M335 | SaccadeMOT: Enhancing Object Detection and Tracking in Gigapixel Images via Scale-Aware Density Estimation | Wenxi Li, Ruxin Zhang, Haozhe Lin, Yuchen Guo, Chao Ma and Xiaokang Yang 
 M346 | Molecular Topological Profile (MOLTOP) - Simple and Strong Baseline for Molecular Graph Classification | Jakub Adamczyk and Wojciech Czech 
 M348 | VANER: Leveraging Large Language Model for Versatile and Adaptive Biomedical Entity Recognition | Junyi Bian, Weiqi Zhai, Xiaodi Huang, Jiaxuan Zheng and Shanfeng Zhu 
 M351 | CPNet: 3D Semantic Relation and Geometry Context Prior Network for Multi-organ Segmentation | Yuzhu Ji, Mingshan Sun, Yiqun Zhang and Haijun Zhang 
 M352 | Hard to Explain: On the Computational Hardness of In-Distribution Model Interpretation | Guy Amir, Shahaf Bassan and Guy Katz 
 M355 | Video2Reward: Generating Reward Function from Videos for Legged Robot Behavior Learning | Runhao Zeng, Dingjie Zhou, Qiwei Liang, Junlin Liu, Hui Li, Changxin Huang, Jianqiang Li, Xiping Hu and Fuchun Sun 
 M360 | Task-Aware Dynamic Transformer for Efficient Arbitrary-Scale Image Super-Resolution | Tianyi Xu, Yijie Zhou, Xiaotao Hu, Kai Zhang, Anran Zhang, Xingye Qiu and Jun Xu 
 M361 | Aligning XAI with EU Regulations for Smart Biomedical Devices: A Methodology for Compliance Analysis | Francesco Sovrano, Michaël Lognoul and Giulia Vilone 
 M364 | General Lipschitz: Certified Robustness Against Resolvable Semantic Transformations via Transformation-Dependent Randomized Smoothing | Dmitrii Korzh, Mikhail Pautov, Olga Tsymboi and Ivan Oseledets 
 M367 | What model does MuZero learn? | Jinke He, Thomas Moerland, Joery de Vries and Frans Oliehoek 
 M368 | Resilient Graph Neural Networks: A Coupled Dynamical Systems Approach | Moshe Eliasof, Davide Murari, Ferdia Sherry and Carola-Bibiane Schönlieb 
 M371 | LoginMEA: Local-to-Global Interaction Network for Multi-modal Entity Alignment | Taoyu Su, Xinghua Zhang, Jiawei Sheng, Zhenyu Zhang and Tingwen Liu 
 M372 | Fully Hyperbolic Rotation for Knowledge Graph Embedding | Qiuyu Liang, Weihua Wang, Feilong Bao and Guanglai Gao 
 M379 | Escape Sensing Games: Detection-vs-Evasion in Security Applications | Niclas Boehmer, Minbiao Han, Haifeng Xu and Milind Tambe 
 M403 | DrDiff: Drug Response Prediction Through Controllable Diffusion-GE and Graph Attention Network | Seungyeon Choi, Sangmin Seo, Jonghwan Choi, Chihyun Park and Sanghyun Park 
 M404 | SPIN: SE(3)-Invariant Physics Informed Network for Binding Affinity Prediction | Seungyeon Choi, Sangmin Seo and Sanghyun Park 
 M414 | Maximally Permissive Reward Machines | Giovanni Varricchione, Natasha Alechina, Mehdi Dastani and Brian Logan 
 M422 | CSAdv: Class-Specific Adversarial Patches for DETR-style Object Detection | Yue Xu, Chuanming Wang, Xiaolong Zheng, Yi Huang, Peilun Du, Zeyuan Zhou, Liang Liu and Huadong Ma 
 M424 | Decision-Focused Learning to Predict Action Costs for Planning | Jayanta Mandi, Marco Foschini, Daniel Höller, Sylvie Thiebaux, Joerg Hoffmann and Tias Guns 
 M428 | PUFFLE: Balancing Privacy, Utility, and Fairness in Federated Learning | Luca Corbucci, Mikko A. Heikkilä, David Solans Noguero, Anna Monreale and Nicolas Kourtellis 
 M432 | Interpretation of the Intent Detection Problem as Dynamics in a Low-dimensional Space | Eduardo Sanchez-Karhunen, Jose F. Quesada-Moreno and Miguel A. Gutiérrez-Naranjo 
 M441 | On the Discovery of Conceptual Clustering Models through Pattern Mining | Motaz Ben Hassine, Said Jabbour, Mourad Kmimech, Badran Raddaoui and Mohamed Graiet 
 M443 | Hyperbolic Contrastive Learning for Document Representations - A Multi-View Approach with Paragraph-level Similarities | Jaeeun Nam, Ilias Chalkidis and Mina Rezaei 
 M445 | TabMedBERT: a Tabular Knowledge Enhanced Biomedical Pretrained Language Model | Xu Yan, Lei Geng, Ziqiang Cao, Juntao Li, Wenjie Li, Sujian Li, Xinjie Zhou, Yang Yang and Jun Zhang 
 M449 | SF-SER: An efficient speech-only model with semantic funnel for speech emotion recognition | Xiaoke Li and Zufan Zhang 
 M450 | Verifying the Selected Completely at Random Assumption in Positive-Unlabeled Learning | Paweł Teisseyre, Konrad Furmańczyk and Jan Mielniczuk 
 M451 | GLIMMER: Incorporating Graph and Lexical Features in Unsupervised Multi-Document Summarization | Ran Liu, Ming Liu, Min Yu, Jianguo Jiang, Gang Li, Dan Zhang, Jingyuan Li, Xiang Meng and Weiqing Huang 
 M452 | SAIE Framework: Support Alone Isn't Enough - Advancing LLM Training with Adversarial Remarks | Mengsay Loem, Masahiro Kaneko and Naoaki Okazaki 
 M457 | Semantic-level augmented unsupervised representation action learning based on motion manifold | Haichuan Zhao, Peng Du, Xudong Ru, Zhongke Wu and Xingce Wang 
 M458 | Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning for Alternating-Time Logic | Ernst Moritz Hahn, Mateo Perez, Sven Schewe, Fabio Somenzi, Ashutosh Trivedi and Dominik Wojtczak 
 M464 | TimeMachine: A Time Series is Worth 4 Mambas for Long-term Forecasting | Md Atik Ahamed and Qiang Cheng 
 M468 | Survival of the Fittest: Evolutionary Adaptation of Policies for Environmental Shifts | Sheryl Paul and Jyotirmoy Deshmukh 
 M470 | A Comprehensive Sustainable Framework for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence | Roberto Pagliari, Peter Hill, Po-Yu Chen, Maciej Dabrowny, Tingsheng Tan and Francois Buet-Golfouse 
 M471 | Enabling MCTS Explainability for Sequential Planning Through Computation Tree Logic | Ziyan An, Hendrik Baier, Abhishek Dubey, Ayan Mukhopadhyay and Meiyi Ma 
 M472 | Post-hoc Explanation of Extension Semantics | Leila Amgoud 
 M484 | Making Fair Classification via Correlation Alignment | Jingran Yang, Lingfeng Zhang and Min Zhang 
 M485 | Global Structural-Temporal Graph Network with Public Opinion for Online Rumor Detection | Tiening Sun, Zhong Qian, Peifeng Li and Qiaoming Zhu 
 M495 | JOSAL: Joint Learning Framework for Open-Set Active Learning | Jun Xie, Xiaohui Song, Yangjie Cao, Zhi Liu, Weiping Wang and Hongli Xu 
 M496 | Towards the New XAI: A Hypothesis-Driven Approach to Decision Support Using Evidence | Thao Le, Tim Miller, Liz Sonenberg and Ronal Singh 
 M497 | Individual Fairness with Group Constraints in Graph Neural Networks | Zichong Wang, David Ulloa, Tongjia Yu, Raju Rangaswami, Roland Yap and Wenbin Zhang 
 M500 | A Full DAG Score-Based Algorithm for Learning Causal Bayesian Networks with Latent Confounders | Christophe Gonzales and Amir-Hosein Valizadeh 
 M508 | Complex-Valued Gabor-Attention Residual Fusion Network for Iris Recognition | Zhuoru Li, Jian Xiao, Xiaowei Bai, Xiaodong Wang, Yingxi Li, Zhenyu Fang, Liang Xie, Ye Yan and Erwei Yin 
 M511 | TIGER: Temporally Improved Graph Entity Linker | Pengyu Zhang, Congfeng Cao and Paul Groth 
 M513 | Segmentation-Driven Image Enhancement Based on Deep Reinforcement Learning | Yihong Liu, Zishang Chen, Yukang Cui and Piji Li 
 M515 | PAGE: Parametric Generative Explainer for Graph Neural Network | Yang Qiu, Wei Liu, Jun Wang and Ruixuan Li 
 M516 | Weight Scope Alignment: A Frustratingly Easy Method for Model Merging | Yichu Xu, Xin-Chun Li, Le Gan and De-Chuan Zhan 
 M517 | Revisiting Under-represented Knowledge of Latin American Literature in Large Language Models | Jinsung Kim, Seonmin Koo and Heuiseok Lim 
 M526 | Convolutional Bypasses Are Better Vision Transformer Adapters | Shibo Jie, Zhi-Hong Deng, Shixuan Chen and Zhijuan Jin 
 M531 | A Meta-Engine Framework for Interleaved Task and Motion Planning using Topological Refinements | Elisa Tosello, Alessandro Valentini and Andrea Micheli 
 M534 | BOB-YOLO: Balancing Optimization Binarized YOLO via Module-Wise Latency | Xinyu Liu, Wenqiang Zhou, Zhendong Yu, Jiaming Yang, Tao Wang, Chenwei Tang and Jiancheng Lv 
 M542 | Generating fair solutions of minimal cost | Thibaut Lust, Mohammed Bachir Bederina and Djamal Chaabane 
 M543 | LightFF: Lightweight Inference for Forward-Forward Algorithm | Amin Aminifar, Baichuan Huang, Azra Abtahi and Amir Aminifar 
 M547 | Error-Driven Uncertainty Aware Training | Pedro Mendes, Paolo Romano and David Garlan 
 M552 | NeSIG: A Neuro-Symbolic Method for Learning to Generate Planning Problems | Carlos Núñez-Molina, Pablo Mesejo and Juan Fernández-Olivares 
 M556 | Sampling-based Teacher Guided Method to Boost Transferable Attack on SAR Image Classification | Aoyang Zhou, Yasmeen M. Khedr, Xin Liu and Kun He 
 M560 | Semantic Similarity Driven Multi-modal Model for Rumor Detection | Chenyang Li, Bo Xu, Meng Wang and Kun He 
 M561 | FsPONER: Few-shot Prompt Optimization for Named Entity Recognition in Domain-specific Scenarios | Yongjian Tang, Rakebul Hasan and Thomas Runkler 
 M565 | Iterative Oversubscription Planning with Goal-Conflict Explanations: Scaling Up Through Policy-Guidance Approximation | Rebecca Eifler, Daniel Fišer, Aleena Siji and Joerg Hoffmann 
 M566 | Target-driven Attack for Large Language Models | Chong Zhang, Mingyu Jin, Dong Shu, Taowen Wang, Dongfang Liu and Xiaobo Jin 
 M567 | Pixel-wise Reclassification with Prototypes for Enhancing Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation | Xuewei Li, Yujie Diao, Yilong Fan, Zhiqiang Liu, Mei Yu, Chenhan Wang, Jie Gao and Ruiguo Yu 
 M571 | Sentinel: An Aggregation Function to Secure Decentralized Federated Learning | Chao Feng, Alberto Huertas Celdrán, Janosch Baltensperger, Enrique Tomás Martínez Beltrán, Pedro Miguel Sánchez Sánchez, Gérôme Bovet and Burkhard Stiller 
 M577 | Safety Verification of Tree-Ensemble Policies via Predicate Abstraction | Chaahat Jain, Lorenzo Cascioli, Laurens Devos, Marcel Vinzent, Marcel Steinmetz, Jesse Davis and Joerg Hoffmann 
 M586 | Bridging the Gap: Generating a Comprehensive Biomedical Knowledge Graph Question Answering Dataset | Xi Yan, Patrick Westphal, Jan Seliger and Ricardo Usbeck 
 M596 | FL-GNN: Efficient Fusion of Fuzzy Neural Network and Graph Neural Network | Boyu Du, Jingya Zhou, Ling Liu and Xiaolong She 
 M597 | Learning Uncertainty Tubes via Recurrent Neural Networks for Planning Robust Robot Motions | Simon Wasiela, Smail Ait Bouhsain, Marco Cognetti, Juan Cortés and Thierry Siméon 
 M598 | Learning Confidence Bounds for Classification with Imbalanced Data | Matt Clifford, Jonathan Erskine, Alexander Hepburn, Raul Santos-Rodriguez and Dario Garcia-Garcia 
 M616 | Computational Complexity of Standpoint LTL | Stephane Demri and Przemysław Andrzej Wałęga 
 M619 | A Parallel Gumbel-Softmax VAE Framework with Performance-Based Tuning | Fangshi Zhou, Tianming Zhao, Luan Nguyen and Zhongmei Yao 
 M621 | Combining Diverse Information for Coordinated Action: Stochastic Bandit Algorithms for Heterogeneous Agents | Lucia Gordon, Esther Rolf and Milind Tambe 
 M623 | Hierarchical Planning for Resource-Constrained Long-Term Monitoring Missions in Time-Varying Environments | Alex Stephens, Bruno Lacerda and Nick Hawes 
 M627 | Cube-based Isomorph-free Finite Model Finding | Choiwah Chow, Mikoláš Janota and João Araújo 
 M629 | Temporal Elections: Welfare, Strategyproofness, and Proportionality | Edith Elkind, Tzeh Yuan Neoh and Nicholas Teh 
 M631 | Modelling brain connectomes networks: Solv is a worthy competitor to hyperbolic geometry! | Dorota Celińska-Kopczyńska and Eryk Kopczynski 
 M634 | GRIF-DM: Generation of Rich Impression Fonts using Diffusion Models | Lei Kang, Fei Yang, Kai Wang, Mohamed Ali Souibgui, Lluis Gomez, Alicia Fornés, Ernest Valveny and Dimosthenis Karatzas 
 M640 | MIM-HD: Making Smaller Masked Autoencoder Better with Efficient Distillation | Zherui Zhang, Changwei Wang, Rongtao Xu, Wenhao Xu, Shibiao Xu, Li Guo, Jiguang Zhang, Xiaoqiang Teng and Wenbo Xu 
 M641 | CLCE: An Approach to Refining Cross-Entropy and Contrastive Learning for Optimized Learning Fusion | Zijun Long, Lipeng Zhuang, George Killick, Zaiqiao Meng, Richard Mccreadie and Gerardo Aragon-Camarasa 
 M642 | Evolutionary Reinforcement Learning via Cooperative Coevolution | Chengpeng Hu, Jialin Liu and Xin Yao 
 M645 | Graph Continual Learning with Debiased Lossless Memory Replay | Chaoxi Niu, Guansong Pang and Ling Chen 
 M648 | DiverTEAM: An Effective Evolutionary Algorithm for Diversified Top-k (Weight) Clique Search Problems | Jinghui Xue, Jiongzhi Zheng, Kun He, Chu-Min Li and Yanli Liu 
 M651 | MultiCounter: Multiple Action Agnostic Repetition Counting in Untrimmed Videos | Yin Tang, Wei Luo, Jinrui Zhang, Wei Huang, Ruihai Jing and Deyu Zhang 
 M665 | Improving Non-autoregressive Sign Language Translation with Random Ordering Progressive Prediction Pre-training | Pei Yu, Changhao Lai, Cong Hu, Shan Liu, Liang Zhang, Biao Fu and Yidong Chen 
 M667 | Comparing lossless compression methods for Chess endgame data | Dave Gomboc, Christian Shelton, Andrew Miner and Gianfranco Ciardo 
 M669 | A Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning Algorithm Embedded with Opponent Modeling | Shun Li, Xiao Su and Bing Shi 
 M673 | MakeupAttack: Feature Space Black-box Backdoor Attack on Face Recognition via Makeup Transfer | Ming Sun, Rui Wang, Zixuan Zhu and Lihua Jing 
 M695 | Enhancing Discourse Coherence to Improve Cross-Document Event Coreference Resolution | Xinyu Chen, Sheng Xu, Peifeng Li and Qiaoming Zhu 
 M698 | Mind the Model, Not the Agent: The Primacy Bias in Model-based RL | Zhongjian Qiao, Jiafei Lyu and Xiu Li 
 M699 | MAMO:Deep Multi-task Architecture Learning via Multi-objective Optimization with Gradients Mediative Kernel | Yuzheng Tan, Guangneng Hu and Shuxin Zhang 
 M700 | Generalized Face Anti-spoofing via Finer Domain Partition and Disentangling Liveness-irrelevant Factors | Jingyi Yang, Zitong Yu, Xiuming Ni, Jia He and Hui Li 
 M702 | Heuristics for Partially Observable Stochastic Contingent Planning | Guy Shani 
 M704 | Omniclip: Adapting CLIP for Video Recognition with Spatial-Temporal Omni-Scale Feature Learning | Mushui Liu, Bozheng Li and Yunlong Yu 
 M712 | Defending Our Privacy With Backdoors | Dominik Hintersdorf, Lukas Struppek, Daniel Neider and Kristian Kersting 
 M719 | Enhancing Reinforcement Learning Through Guided Search | Jérôme Arjonilla, Abdallah Saffidine and Tristan Cazenave 
 M722 | Open-GMOT: Open-Vocabulary Generic Multiple Object Tracking with Motion-Appearance Cost (MAC) SORT | Anh Duy Le Dinh, Kim Tran Hoang and Ngan Le Thi Hoang 
 M732 | Interpretable Graph Neural Networks for Tabular Data | Amr Alkhatib, Sofiane Ennadir, Henrik Boström and Michalis Vazirgiannis 
 M734 | Generalizing Visual Question Answering from Synthetic to Human-Written Questions via a Chain of QA with a Large Language Model | Taehee Kim, Yeongjae Cho, Heejun Shin, Yohan Jo and Dongmyung Shin 
 M738 | Domain Adaptational Steganographic Text Detection Using Few-shot Adversary-Refinement Framework | Ziwei Zhang, Juan Wen, Yinghan Zhou, Liting Gao and Yiming Xue 
 M739 | Modality-Aware and Shift Mixer for Multi-modal Brain Tumor Segmentation | Zhongzhen Huang, Linda Wei, Shaoting Zhang and Xiaofan Zhang 
 M748 | Relation Time-aware Heterogeneous Dynamic Graph Neural Networks | Yili Wang, Jiamin Chen, Qiutong Li, Changlong He and Jianliang Gao 
 M749 | A Faster Branching Algorithm for the Maximum k-Defective Clique Problem | Chunyu Luo, Yi Zhou, Zhengren Wang and Mingyu Xiao 
 M752 | Large Language Models Understand Layout | Weiming Li, Manni Duan, Dong An and Yan Shao 
 M759 | MindScope: Exploring cognitive biases in large language models through Multi-Agent Systems | Zhentao Xie, Jiabao Zhao, Yilei Wang, Jinxin Shi, Yanhong Bai, Xingjiao Wu and Liang He 
 M762 | Translation and Transliteration Based DataAugmentation for Multilingual Semantic Parsing | Sarthak Jauhari, Massimo Nicosia, Ankush Chatterjee and Rahul Goel 
 M763 | Interpretable image classification through an argumentative dialog between encoders | Dao Thauvin, Stéphane Herbin, Wassila Ouerdane and Céline Hudelot 
 M764 | CBM: Curriculum by Masking | Andrei Jarca, Alin Croitoru and Radu Tudor Ionescu 
 M765 | Capacitated Online Clustering Algorithm | Shivam Gupta, Shweta Jain, Narayanan C Krishnan, Ganesh Ghalme and Nandyala Hemachandra 
 M769 | Text-based Geolocation with a Byte-level Language Model | Mikhail Orzhenovskii, Alina Pak, Roman Kane and Arina Razmyslovich 
 M782 | Tackling Selfish Clients in Federated Learning | Andrea Augello, Ashish Gupta, Giuseppe Lo Re and Sajal K. Das 
 M783 | Complexity and Approximation Schemes for Social Welfare Maximization in the High-Multiplicity Setting | Trung Thanh Nguyen, Khaled Elbassioni and Jörg Rothe 
 M793 | Pessimistic Off-Policy Optimization for Learning to Rank | Matej Čief, Branislav Kveton and Michal Kompan 
 M799 | Memory adaptive and spatially specialized model ensembles for industrial anomaly detection | Marco Wagenstetter, Niklas Landerer, Johannes Thyroff, Thomas Aicher, Arvid Hellmich and Steffen Ihlenfeldt 
 M815 | Online Friends Partitioning under Uncertainty | Saar Cohen and Noa Agmon 
 M816 | Optimizing Multi-Robot Task Allocation in Dynamic Environments via Heuristic-Guided Reinforcement Learning | Aritra Pal, Anandsingh Chauhan, Mayank Baranwal and Ankush Ojha 
 M831 | Merge-and-Shrink Heuristics for SSPs with Prune Transformations | Thorsten Klößner, Álvaro Torralba, Marcel Steinmetz and Silvan Sievers 
 M834 | PromptCD: Coupled and Decoupled Prompt Learning for Vision-Language Models | Junjie Wu, Mingjie Sun, Chen Gong, Nan Yu and Guohong Fu 
 M835 | On the Improvement of Generalization and Stability of Forward-Only Learning via Neural Polarization | Erik Bernardo Terres Escudero, Javier Del Ser and Pablo García Bringas 
 M836 | Dual Attention Encoder with Joint Preservation for Medical Image Segmentation | Shijie Li, Yunbin Tu, Yu Gong, Bowen Zhong and Zheng Li 
 M838 | RFDFM: A Deep Factorization Machine Network Model for Invasive Lung Adenocarcinoma Screening in CT Images | Jing Zhou, Chengcheng Guo and Ying Ji 
 M840 | Explicit Modelling of Theory of Mind for Belief Prediction in Nonverbal Social Interactions | Matteo Bortoletto, Constantin Ruhdorfer, Lei Shi and Andreas Bulling 
 M841 | Take a Step and Reconsider: Sequence Decoding for Self-Improved Neural Combinatorial Optimization | Jonathan Pirnay and Dominik G. Grimm 
 M843 | First Creating Backgrounds Then Rendering Texts: A New Paradigm for Visual Text Blending | Zhenhang Li, Yan Shu, Weichao Zeng, Dongbao Yang and Yu Zhou 
 M848 | Empirical Evaluation of Concept Probing for Game-Playing Agents | Aðalsteinn Pálsson and Yngvi Bjornsson 
 M849 | Characterising Serialisation Equivalence for Abstract Argumentation | Lars Bengel, Julian Sander and Matthias Thimm 
 M850 | Scale-Invariant Variations of Max Regret | Nic Wilson 
 M853 | Talos: A More Effective and Efficient Adversarial Defense for GNN Models Based on the Global Homophily of Graphs | Duanyu Li, Huijun Wu, Min Xie, Xugang Wu, Zhenwei Wu and Wenzhe Zhang 
 M856 | Domain Generalised Cell Nuclei Segmentation in Histopathology Images Using Domain-aware Curriculum Learning and Colour-Perceived Meta Learning | Kunzi Xie, Ruoyu Guo, Cong Cong, Maurice Pagnucco and Yang Song 
 M863 | Learning Order Forest for Qualitative-Attribute Data Clustering | Mingjie Zhao, Sen Feng, Yiqun Zhang, Mengke Li, Yang Lu and Yiu-Ming Cheung 
 M867 | On Connected Strongly-Proportional Cake-Cutting | Zsuzsanna Jankó, Attila Joó, Erel Segal-Halevi and Sheung Man Yuen 
 M871 | Cross-stage Transfer in Multi-stage Cascade Ranking and Filtering Systems | Yifan Pan, Guibo Luo and Yuesheng Zhu 
 M873 | Adversarially Robust Neural Lyapunov Control | Li Wei, Yuankun Jiang, Chenglin Li, Wenrui Dai, Junni Zou and Hongkai Xiong 
 M884 | An Efficient Modular Algorithm for Connected Multi-Agent Path Finding | Victorien Desbois, Ocan Sankur and François Schwarzentruber 
 M892 | Decoupled Competitive Framework for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation | Jiahe Chen, Jianwei Zheng, Shen Wang and Jiahe Ying 
 M903 | Adversarial Erasing Transformer for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation | Bingfeng Zhang, Siyue Yu, Xuru Gao, Mingjie Sun, Eng Gee Lim and Jimin Xiao 
 M906 | (Un)certainty of (Un)fairness: Preference-Based Selection of Certainly Fair Decision-Makers | Manh Khoi Duong and Stefan Conrad 
 M907 | Explaining Text Classifiers with Counterfactual Representations | Pirmin Lemberger and Antoine Saillenfest 
 M911 | Anti-Matthew FL: Bridging the Performance Gap in Federated Learning to Counteract the Matthew Effect | Jiashi Gao, Xin Yao and Xuetao Wei 
 M914 | Big-thick data generation via reference and personal context unification | Fausto Giunchiglia and Xiaoyue Li 
 M915 | CLLMFS: A Contrastive Learning enhanced Large Language Model Framework for Few-Shot Named Entity Recognition | Yafeng Zhang, Zilan Yu, Yu Ang Huang and Jing Tang 
 M918 | Learning Interpretable Classifiers for PDDL Planning | Arnaud Lequen 
 M924 | Learning and Optimizing with an SSB Representation of Intransitive Preferences on Sets | Hugo Gilbert, Mohamed Ouaguenouni and Olivier Spanjaard 
 M927 | Generative LLMs for Multilingual Temporal Expression Normalization | Alejandro Sánchez de Castro Fernández, Lourdes Araujo Serna and Juan Martínez Romo 
 M928 | Sinogram-Image Dual-Domain Network for Robust Metal Artifact Reduction in CT Image | Chong Liu, Yuhan Huang, Bo Li and Hui Ding 
 M932 | Assessing Privacy Risks of Attribute Inference Attacks against Speech-based Depression Detection System | Basmah Alsenani, Anna Esposito, Alessandro Vinciarelli and Tanaya Guha 
 M936 | Belief Erasure in Propositional Logic | Nadia Creignou, Raïda Ktari and Odile Papini 
 M939 | Leveraging Foundation Models for Zero-Shot IoT Sensing | Dinghao Xue, Xiaoran Fan, Tao Chen, Guohao Lan and Qun Song 
 M942 | Synthetically Augmented Self-Supervised Fine-Tuning for Diverse Text OCR Correction | Shuhao Guan and Derek Greene 
 M944 | FedMTL: Privacy-Preserving Federated Multi-Task Learning | Pritam Sen and Cristian Borcea 
 M945 | Group Fairness with Individual and Censorship Constraints | Zichong Wang and Wenbin Zhang 
 M946 | Open-Set Multivariate Time-Series Anomaly Detection | Thomas Lai, Thi Kieu Khanh Ho and Narges Armanfard 
 M948 | Cluster Exploration using Informative Manifold Projections | Stavros Gerolymatos, Xenophon Evangelopoulos, Vladimir V. Gusev and John Y. Goulermas 
 M957 | TwinDiffusion: Enhancing Coherence and Efficiency in Panoramic Image Generation with Diffusion Models | Teng Zhou and Yongchuan Tang 
 M966 | Transparent Explainable Logic Layers | Alessio Ragno, Marc Plantevit, Celine Robardet and Roberto Capobianco 
 M968 | A Neuro-symbolic Approach for Faceted Search in Digital Libraries | Mutahira Khalid, Sören Auer and Markus Stocker 
 M969 | Analyzing Incentives and Fairness in Ordered Weighted Average for Facility Location Games | Kento Yoshida, Kei Kimura, Taiki Todo and Makoto Yokoo 
 M977 | LEarning After Learning: Positive Backward Transfer in Continual Learning | Wern Sen Wong, Yun Sing Koh and Gillian Dobbie 
 M982 | Solving PDEs on Point Clouds by Physics-informed Learning with Graph Neural Networks | Rakhoon Hwang, Junseung Ryu, Seungtae Park and Hyung Ju Hwang 
 M985 | MLGAT: Multi-Scale Line Graph Attention Network for Emotion Recognition in Conversation | Xiujuan Xu, Xiaoxiao Shi, Zhehuan Zhao and Yu Liu 
 M992 | Finding Optimal Deterministic Policies for Constrained Stochastic Shortest Path Problems | Johannes Schmalz and Felipe Trevizan 
 M993 | Dirichlet Logistic Gaussian Processes for Evaluation of Black-Box Stochastic Systems under Complex Requirements | Ryohei Oura and Yuji Ito 
 M996 | SubSA: Strengthen In-context Learning via Submodular Selective Annotation [not presented] | Jian Qian, Miao Sun, Sifan Zhou, Ziyu Zhao, Ruizhi Hun and Patrick Chiang 
 M1012 | The Role of Depth, Width, and Tree Size in Expressiveness of Deep Forest | Shen-Huan Lyu, Jin-Hui Wu, Qin-Cheng Zheng and Baoliu Ye 
 M1021 | Federation-Paced Learning: Towards Efficient Federated Learning with Synchronized Pace | Tingting Zhang, Mei Cao, Zhenge Jia, Jianbo Lu, Zhaoyan Shen, Dongxiao Yu and Mengying Zhao 
 M1023 | LGAD: Local and Global Attention Distillation for Efficient Semantic Segmentation | Chen Wang, Yafei Qi, Qi Li and Huawen Liu 
 M1024 | Merit-based Fair Combinatorial Semi-Bandit with Unrestricted Feedback Delays | Ziqun Chen, Kechao Cai, Zhuoyue Chen, Jinbei Zhang and John C.S. Lui 
 M1028 | MPT4LM: Multi-modal Prompt Tuning Makes Pre-trained Large Language Models better Vision-Language Learners | Yongzhu Miao, Jintao Tang, Shasha Li and Ting Wang 
 M1031 | Perturb-and-Compare Approach for Detecting Out-of-Distribution Samples in Constrained Access Environments | Heeyoung Lee, Hoyoon Byun, Changdae Oh, Jinyeong Bak and Kyungwoo Song 
 M1051 | Time Series Imputation with Multivariate Radial Basis Function Neural Network | Chanyoung Jung and Yun Jang 
 M1058 | Mutual Local Consistency Learning for Face Forgery Detection | Bosheng Yan and Chang-Tsun Li 
 M1066 | A Language Model as a Design Assistant for UI Design Recommendation and Evaluation | Lin Sheng, Cheng Deng, Junjie Zhang, Fangyuan Chang, Qinghua Sun, Hongyu Liu and Zhenyu Gu 
 M1069 | Graph Classification with GNNs : Optimisation, Representation and Inductive Bias | P Krishna Kumar and Harish G Ramaswamy 
 M1078 | Exemplar-Free Incremental Deepfake Detection | Wuti Xiong, Guoying Zhao and Xiaobai Li 
 M1079 | FedReMa: Improving Personalized Federated Learning via Leveraging the Most Relevant Clients | Han Liang, Ziwei Zhan, Weijie Liu, Xiaoxi Zhang, Chee Wei Tan and Xu Chen 
 M1082 | DCTAN: Densely Convolved Transformer Aggregation Networks for Monocular Dense Depth Prediction in Robotic Endoscopy | Wenkang Fan, Wenjing Jiang, Hao Fang, Hong Shi, Jianhua Chen and Xiongbiao Luo 
 M1086 | Context Enhancement with Reconstruction as Sequence for Unified Unsupervised Anomaly Detection | Hui-Yue Yang, Hui Chen, Lihao Liu, Zijia Lin, Kai Chen, Liejun Wang, Jungong Han and Guiguang Ding 
 M1094 | Harnessing Orthogonality to Train Low-Rank Neural Networks | Daniel Coquelin, Katharina Fluegel, Marie Weiel, Nicholas Kiefer, Charlotte Debus, Achim Streit and Markus Goetz 
 M1096 | Advancing ConvNet Architectures: A Novel XGB-based Pruning Algorithm for Transfer Learning Efficiency | Igor Ratajczyk and Adrian Horzyk 
 M1101 | EdgeNAT: Transformer for Efficient Edge Detection | Jinghuai Jie, Yan Guo, Guixing Wu, Junmin Wu and Baojian Hua 
 M1102 | FedSeProto: Learning Semantic Prototype in Federated Learning | Yanyi Lai, Lele Fu, Tianchi Liao, Chuan Chen and Zibin Zheng 
 M1106 | Hidden States in LLMs Improve EEG Representation Learning and Visual Decoding | Aoyang Liu, Haodong Jing, Yulong Liu, Yongqiang Ma and Nanning Zheng 
 M1112 | A Coin Has Two Sides: A Novel Detector-Corrector Framework for Chinese Spelling Correction | Xiangke Zeng, Zuchao Li, Lefei Zhang, Ping Wang, Hongqiu Wu and Hai Zhao 
 M1115 | From document to program embeddings: can distributional hypothesis really be used on programming languages? | Thibaut Martinet, Guillaume Cleuziou, Matthieu Exbrayat and Frédéric Flouvat 
 M1119 | On the Cultural Gap in Text-to-Image Generation | Bingshuai Liu, Longyue Wang, Chenyang Lyu, Yong Zhang, Jinsong Su, Shuming Shi and Zhaopeng Tu 
 M1122 | Preserving the Privacy of Reward Functions in MDPs through Deception | Shashank Reddy Chirra, Pradeep Varakantham and Praveen Paruchuri 
 M1125 | Identifying the Best Arm in the Presence of Global Environment Shifts | Phurinut Srisawad, Juergen Branke and Long Tran-Thanh 
 M1131 | TDCL: Dense Semantic Contrastive Learning for Vision-Language Tracking | Zheng Wang, Xiankang He, Kaiyang Lan, Ying Cui and Dongyan Guo 
 M1134 | A Data-Driven Defense against Edge-case Model Poisoning Attacks on Federated Learning | Kiran Purohit, Soumi Das, Sourangshu Bhattacharya and Santu Rana 
 M1135 | Analogical Classifier as a Surrogate for Explanations | Suryani Lim, Henri Prade and Gilles Richard 
 M1138 | Partial Label Learning via Cost-Guided Retraining | Zhaoyuan Zhang, Zhenbing Liu and Haoxiang Lu 
 M1139 | Zero-shot relabeling of weak labels for fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature | Anastasios Nentidis, Anastasia Krithara, Grigorios Tsoumakas and Georgios Paliouras 
 M1148 | Context Matters: Leveraging Spatiotemporal Metadata for Semi-Supervised Learning on Remote Sensing Images | Maximilian Bernhard, Tanveer Hannan, Matthias Schubert and Niklas Strauß 
 M1149 | The Complexity of Manipulation of k-Coalitional Games on Graphs | Hodaya Barr, Yohai Trabelsi, Sarit Kraus, Liam Roditty and Noam Hazon 
 M1153 | Theoretical Proportion Label Perturbation for Learning from Label Proportions in Large Bags | Shunsuke Kubo, Shinnosuke Matsuo, Daiki Suehiro, Kazuhiro Terada, Hiroaki Ito, Akihiko Yoshizawa and Ryoma Bise 
 M1160 | SibylSat: Using SAT as an oracle to perform a greedy search on TOHTN Planning | Gaspard Quenard, Damien Pellier and Humbert Fiorino 
 M1169 | Noise-free Explanation for Driving Action Prediction | Hongbo Zhu, Theodor Wulff, Rahul Singh Maharjan, Jinpei Han and Angelo Cangelosi 
 M1172 | Exploiting Hierarchical Symmetry in Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning | Yongkai Tian, Xin Yu, Yirong Qi, Li Wang, Pu Feng, Wenjun Wu, Rongye Shi and Jie Luo 
 M1197 | PLACO: A Multi-Stage Framework for Cost-Effective Performance in Human-AI Teams | Pranavkumar Mallela, Vinay Kumar, Shashi Shekhar Jha and Shweta Jain 
 M1200 | SUBER: An RL Environment with Simulated Human Behavior for Recommender Systems | Nathan Corecco, Giorgio Piatti, Luca Lanzendoerfer, Flint Xiaofeng Fan and Roger Wattenhofer 
 M1201 | Selfishly Cancelling Debts Can Reduce Systemic Risk | Jinyun Tong, Bart De Keijzer and Carmine Ventre 
 M1203 | Reducing Systemic Risk in Financial Networks through Donations | Jinyun Tong, Bart De Keijzer and Carmine Ventre 
 M1206 | Planning with OWL-DL Ontologies | Tobias John and Patrick Koopmann 
 M1208 | Reassessing Non-autoregressive Neural Machine Translation with a Fine-grained Error Taxonomy | Yan Liu, Longyue Wang, Zhaopeng Tu and Deyi Xiong 
 M1214 | Probabilistically Plausible Counterfactual Explanations with Normalizing Flows | Patryk Wielopolski, Oleksii Furman, Jerzy Stefanowski and Maciej Zięba 
 M1225 | Real-Time Indoor Object Detection based on hybrid CNN-Transformer Approach | Salah-Eddine Laidoudi, Madjid Maidi and Samir Otmane 
 M1227 | Parameterized Algorithms for Optimal Refugee Resettlement | Jiehua Chen, Ildikó Schlotter and Sofia Simola 
 M1228 | Anatomical Consistency Distillation and Inconsistency Synthesis for Brain Tumor Segmentation with Missing Modalities | Zheyu Zhang, Xinzhao Liu, Zheng Chen, Yueyi Zhang, Huanjing Yue, Yunwei Ou and Xiaoyan Sun 
 M1229 | Tailored-LLaMA: Optimizing Few-Shot Learning in Pruned LLAMA Models with Task-Specific Prompts | Danyal Aftab and Steven Davy 
 M1232 | Bottlenecked Backpropagation to Train Differentially Private Deep Neural Networks | Arghyadeep Ghosh and Mrinal Das 
 M1245 | Using Backdoors to Generate Learnt Information in SAT Solving | Alexander Andreev, Konstantin Chukharev, Stepan Kochemazov and Alexander Semenov 
 M1247 | Structure and Reduction of MCTS for Explainable-AI | Ronit Bustin and Claudia V. Goldman 
 M1250 | Phy-CoCo: Physical Constraint-based Correlation Learning for Tropical Cyclone Intensity and Size Estimation | Hanting Yan, Pan Mu, Cheng Huang, Jinglin Zhang and Cong Bai 
 M1253 | Count-based Novelty Exploration in Classical Planning | Giacomo Rosa and Nir Lipovetzky 
 M1256 | A Unified Automata-Theoretic Approach to LTL_f Modulo Theories | Marco Faella and Gennaro Parlato 
 M1260 | Classifier Guidance Enhances Diffusion-based Adversarial Purification by Preserving Predictive Information | Mingkun Zhang, Jianing Li, Wei Chen, Jiafeng Guo and Xueqi Cheng 
 M1265 | FairUS - UpSampling Optimized Method for Boosting Fairness | Nurit Cohen Inger, Guy Rozenblatt, Seffi Cohen, Lior Rokach and Bracha Shapira 
 M1268 | TabCGOK: Intra-Class Groups Retrieval and Inter-Class Ordinal Knowledge Augmented Network for Ordinal Tabular Data Prediction | Zhengdong Luo, Abibulla Atawulla, Fengyi Yang, Yongqing Zhu, Yixiao Ren, Yunfei Han and Xi Zhou 
 M1284 | Shielded FOND: Planning With Safety Constraints in Pure-Past Linear Temporal Logic | Luigi Bonassi, Giuseppe De Giacomo, Alfonso Emilio Gerevini and Enrico Scala 
 M1286 | Differentiable Neural Network for Assembling Blocks | Zhiwei Liu, Qiang Lu, Yibo Zhao, Yanhong Zhao and Jake Luo 
 M1296 | MFF-YOLO: Multi-scale Feature Fusion Network for Small Ship Detection in Night Scenes | Guangyu Li, Jun Li, Hai Cao, Houjun Wang, Weili Guo and Chen Gong 
 M1303 | Audience Persona Knowledge-Aligned Prompt Tuning Method for Online Debate | Chunkit Chan, Jiayang Cheng, Xin Liu, Yauwai Yim, Yuxin Jiang, Zheye Deng, Haoran Li, Yangqiu Song, Ginny Y. Wong and Simon See 
 M1304 | Enhancing Retrieval and Managing Retrieval: A Four-Module Synergy for Improved Quality and Efficiency in RAG Systems | Yunxiao Shi, Xing Zi, Zijing Shi, Haimin Zhang, Qiang Wu and Min Xu 
 M1310 | The Distributional Uncertainty of the SHAP score in Explainable Machine Learning | Santiago Cifuentes, Leopoldo Bertossi, Nina Pardal, Sergio Abriola, Maria Vanina Martinez and Miguel Romero 
 M1311 | SFDFusion: An Efficient Spatial-Frequency Domain Fusion Network For Infrared and Visible Image Fusion [not presented] | Kun Hu, Qingle Zhang, Maoxun Yuan and Yitian Zhang 
 M1328 | A novel view of analogical proportion between formulas | Andreas Herzig, Emiliano Lorini and Henri Prade 
 M1329 | Unidirectional Cross-modal Fusion for RGB-T Tracking | Xiao Guo, Hangfei Li, Yufei Zha and Peng Zhang 
 M1331 | On Parallel External-Memory Bidirectional Search | Lior Siag, Shahaf Shperberg, Ariel Felner and Nathan Sturtevant 
 M1338 | United We Stand: Decentralized Multi-Agent Planning With Attrition | Nhat Nguyen, Duong Nguyen, Gianluca Rizzo and Hung Nguyen 
 M1344 | Combining Active Learning and Learning to Reject for Anomaly Detection | Luca Stradiotti, Lorenzo Perini and Jesse Davis 
 M1346 | Link prediction without learning | Simon Delarue, Thomas Bonald and Tiphaine Viard 
 M1366 | Learning Reward Structure with Subtasks in Reinforcement Learning | Shuai Han, Mehdi Dastani and Shihan Wang 
 M1367 | Principled Explanations for Robust Redistributive Decisions | Hénoïk Willot, Khaled Belahcene and Sébastien Destercke 
 M1369 | Understanding XAI Through the Philosopher's Lens: A Historical Perspective | Martina Mattioli, Antonio Emanuele Cinà and Marcello Pelillo 
 M1372 | Mitigating Bias: Model Pruning for Enhanced Model Fairness and Efficiency | Harsh Kasyap, Ugur Atmaca, Michela Iezzi, Toby Walsh and Carsten Maple 
 M1376 | Crafting Lifelike Avatars: Model Compression and Advanced Rendering Techniques | Shengjia Zhang 
 M1390 | Adversarial Attack for Explanation Robustness of Rationalization Models | Yuankai Zhang, Lingxiao Kong, Haozhao Wang, Ruixuan Li, Jun Wang, Yuhua Li and Wei Liu 
 M1395 | Distilling the Effects of Language Model Contamination | Behzad Mehrbakhsh, Fernando Martínez-Plumed and Jose Hernandez-Orallo 
 M1405 | SelfBC: Self Behavior Cloning for Offline Reinforcement Learning | Shirong Liu, Chenjia Bai, Zixian Guo, Hao Zhang, Gaurav Sharma and Yang Liu 
 M1407 | Accelerating Machine Learning for Trading Using Programmable Switches | Xinpeng Hong, Changgang Zheng, Stefan Zohren and Noa Zilberman 
 M1417 | Enhancing Text-to-SQL Capabilities of Large Language Models via Domain Database Knowledge Injection | Xingyu Ma, Xin Tian, Lingxiang Wu, Xuepeng Wang, Xueming Tang and Jinqiao Wang 
 M1418 | R4: Reinforced Retriever-Reorder-Responder for Retrieval-Augmented Large Language Models [not presented] | Taolin Zhang, Dongyang Li, Qizhou Chen, Chengyu Wang, Longtao Huang, Hui Xue, Xiaofeng He and Jun Huang 
 M1420 | Fair-OBNC: Correcting Label Noise for Fairer Datasets | Inês Oliveira E Silva, Sérgio Jesus, Hugo Ferreira, Pedro Saleiro, Inês Sousa, Pedro Bizarro and Carlos Soares 
 M1421 | Multi-Agent Path Finding with Real Robot Dynamics and Interdependent Tasks for Automated Warehouses | Vassilissa Lehoux-Lebacque, Tomi Silander, Christelle Loiodice, Seungjoon Lee, Albert Wang and Sofia Michel 
 M1428 | Compromises in Dialogical Argumentation: Aggregated Policies for Biparty Decision Theory | Ivan Donadello, Renan Lirio de Souza, Anthony Hunter and Mauro Dragoni 
 M1431 | Bipartite Time Series Network for Data Imputation | Ilaria Amerise, Valeria Fionda and Giuseppe Pirrò 
 M1433 | Uncertainty-guided Dual Task Framework for Semi-supervised Segmentation of Thyroid Nodules | Xiang Ying, Jizhe Zhang, Jie Gao, Mei Yu, Ruixuan Zhang, Jialin Zhu, Xuewei Li and Ruiguo Yu 
 M1437 | IPA-NeRF: Illusory Poisoning Attack Against Neural Radiance Fields | Wenxiang Jiang, Hanwei Zhang, Shuo Zhao, Zhongwen Guo and Hao Wang 
 M1441 | Winning the 2023 CityLearn Challenge: a Community-based Hierarchical Energy Systems Coordination Algorithm | Andoni Irazusta Garmendia, Francesco Morri, Quentin Cappart and Hélène Le Cadre 
 M1442 | Node Classification via Adaptive Spectral-Heterophily | Giuseppe Pirrò 
 M1445 | Hop-based Heterogeneous Graph Transformer | Zixuan Yang, Xiao Wang, Yanhua Yu, Yuling Wang, Kangkang Lu, Zirui Guo, Xiting Qin, Yunshan Ma and Tat-Seng Chua 
 M1452 | Modelling Diffusion of Dependent and Conflicting Behaviours with Dynamic Logic | Gabriel Amorim, Marlo Souza and Alvaro Moreira 
 M1456 | Building and Assessing a Named Entity Recognition Resource for Ancient Pharmacopeias | Karim El Haff, Wissam Antoun, Agnès Braud, Florence Le Ber and Veronique Pitchon 
 M1457 | Detecting Patterns of Attacks to Network Security in Urban Air Mobility with Answer Set Programming | Gioacchino Sterlicchio and Francesca Alessandra Lisi 
 M1462 | Verification of Geometric Robustness of Neural Networks via Piecewise Linear Approximation and Lipschitz Optimisation | Ben Batten, Yang Zheng, Alessandro De Palma, Panagiotis Kouvaros and Alessio Lomuscio 
 M1464 | TrustFed: Navigating Trade-offs Between Performance, Fairness, and Privacy in Federated Learning | Maryam Badar, Sandipan Sikdar, Wolfgang Nejdl and Marco Fisichella 
 M1484 | Barely Decidable Fragments of Planning | Maurice Dekker and Gregor Behnke 
 M1486 | HyenaPixel: Global Image Context with Convolutions | Julian Spravil, Sebastian Houben and Sven Behnke 
 M1487 | Representation Matters for Mastering Chess: Improved Feature Representation in AlphaZero Outperforms Switching to Transformers | Johannes Czech, Jannis Blüml, Kristian Kersting and Hedinn Steingrimsson 
 M1488 | Learning Brave Assumption-Based Argumentation Frameworks via ASP | Emanuele De Angelis, Maurizio Proietti and Francesca Toni 
 M1506 | A Simple Yet Effective Interpretable Bayesian Personalized Ranking for Cognitive Diagnosis | Arthur Batel, Idir Benouaret, Joan Fruitet, Marc Plantevit and Celine Robardet 
 M1510 | Mechanism Design for Extending the Accessibility of Facilities | Hau Chan, Jianan Lin, Chenhao Wang and Yanxi Xie 
 M1524 | Optimal Layout-Aware CNOT Circuit Synthesis with Qubit Permutation | Irfansha Shaik and Jaco van de Pol 
 M1527 | Global Optimisation of Black-Box Functions with Generative Models in the Wasserstein Space | Tigran Ramazyan, Mikhail Hushchyn and Denis Derkach 
 M1531 | A Methodology Establishing Linear Convergence of Adaptive Gradient Methods under PL Inequality | Kushal Chakrabarti and Mayank Baranwal 
 M1532 | LoCa: Logit Calibration for Knowledge Distillation | Runming Yang, Taiqiang Wu and Yujiu Yang 
 M1535 | Learning Backdoors for Mixed Integer Linear Programs with Contrastive Learning | Junyang Cai, Taoan Huang and Bistra Dilkina 
 M1546 | Sparse Convolutional Neural Network for Localization and Orientation Prediction and Application to Drone Control | Jan Rodziewicz-Bielewicz and Marcin Korzeń 
 M1547 | Transfer Learning Can Introduce Bias | Parisa Salmani and Peter Lewis 
 M1554 | Scale-Adaptive Balancing of Exploration and Exploitation in Classical Planning | Stephen Wissow and Masataro Asai 
 M1562 | Cost Partitioning For Multiple Sequence Alignment | Mika Skjelnes, Daniel Gnad and Jendrik Seipp 
 M1566 | Language Task Difficulty Prediction through LLM-Annotated Meta-Features | Yael Moros-Daval, Fernando Martínez-Plumed and José Hernández-Orallo 
 M1574 | Embedding Knowledge Graphs in Degenerate Clifford Algebras | Louis Mozart Kamdem Teyou, Caglar Demir and Axel Cyrille Ngonga Ngomo 
 M1575 | How to guide a present-biased agent through prescribed tasks? | Tatiana Belova, Yuriy Dementiev, Fedor Fomin, Petr Golovach and Artur Ignatiev 
 M1579 | DataDetective: Dataset Watermarking for Leakers Identification in ML Training | Noa Wegerhoff, Avishag Shapira, Yuval Elovici and Asaf Shabtai 
 M1581 | A Federated Large Language Model for Long-Term Time Series Forecasting | Raed Abdel Sater and Abdessamad Ben Hamza 
 M1584 | Worst- and Average-Case Robustness of Stable Matchings: (Counting) Complexity and Experiments | Kimon Boehmer and Niclas Boehmer 
 M1589 | MoSt-DSA: Modeling Motion and Structural Interactions for Direct Multi-Frame Interpolation in DSA Images | Ziyang Xu, Huangxuan Zhao, Ziwei Cui, Wenyu Liu, Chuansheng Zheng and Xinggang Wang 
 M1591 | FilFL: Client Filtering for Optimized Client Participation in Federated Learning | Fares Fourati, Salma Kharrat, Vaneet Aggarwal, Mohamed-Slim Alouini and Marco Canini 
 M1593 | Differentiable Logic Programming for Distant Supervision | Akihiro Takemura and Katsumi Inoue 
 M1594 | Explaining the Lack of Locally Envy-Free Allocations | Aurélie Beynier, Jean-Guy Mailly, Nicolas Maudet and Anaëlle Wilczynski 
 M1596 | ChatZero: Zero-shot Cross-Lingual Dialogue Generation via Pseudo-Target Language [not presented] | Yongkang Liu, Shi Feng, Daling Wang, Yifei Zhang and Hinrich Schütze 
 M1597 | Benchmarking Adversarial Robustness in Speech Emotion Recognition: Insights into Low-Resource Romanian and German Languages | Sebastian-Vasile Echim, Răzvan-Alexandru Smădu and Dumitru-Clementin Cercel 
 M1601 | Distribution of Chores with Information Asymmetry | Hadi Hosseini, Joshua Kavner, Tomasz Wąs and Lirong Xia 
 M1602 | Counterfactual Thinking in Stochastic Dynamics of Cooperation | António M. Fernandes, Francisco C. Santos and Ana Paiva 
 M1604 | QFMTS: Generating Query-Focused Summaries over Multi-Table Inputs | Weijia Zhang, Vaishali Pal, Jia-Hong Huang, Evangelos Kanoulas and Maarten de Rijke 
 M1615 | Learning Joint Models of Prediction and Optimization | James Kotary, Vincenzo Di Vito Francesco, Jacob Cristopher, Pascal Van Hentenryck and Ferdinando Fioretto 
 M1618 | Coopetition in Heterogeneous Cross-Silo Federated Learning | Chao Huang, Justin Dachille and Xin Liu 
 M1624 | Adjacent Leader Decentralized Stochastic Gradient Descent | Haoze He, Jing Wang and Anna Choromanska 
 M1627 | ANSPRE: Improving Question-Answering in Large Language Models with Answer-Prefix Generation | Nguyen-Khang Le, Dieu-Hien Nguyen and Nguyen Le Minh 
 M1632 | Every Node Counts: Improving the Training of Graph Neural Networks on Node Classification | Moshe Eliasof, Eldad Haber and Eran Treister 
 M1635 | Causal Diffusion Autoencoders: Toward Counterfactual Generation via Diffusion Probabilistic Models | Aneesh Komanduri, Chen Zhao, Feng Chen and Xintao Wu 
 M1645 | Planning to be Healthy: Towards Personalized Medication Planning | Lee-Or Alon, Hana Weitman, Alexander Shleyfman and Gal Kaminka 
 M1646 | Estimating Causal Effects from Learned Causal Networks | Anna Raichev, Jin Tian, Alex Ihler and Rina Dechter 
 M1649 | CorrAdaptor: Adaptive Local Context Learning for Correspondence Pruning | Wei Zhu, Yicheng Liu, Yuping He, Tangfei Liao, Kang Zheng, Xiaoqiu Xu, Tao Wang and Tong Lu 
 M1670 | Domain Feature Perturbation for Domain Generalization | Chenguang Wang, Zijun Zhang and Zhidan Zhou 
 M1673 | A Hybrid Approach towards Chinese Spelling and Splitting Error Correction | Junhong Liang, Junnan Zhu, Yu Zhou, Feifei Zhai, Nanchang Chen and Chengqing Zong 
 M1675 | Be Persistent: Towards a Unified Solution for Mitigating Shortcuts in Deep Learning | Hadi Mohaghegh Dolatabadi, Sarah Erfani and Christopher Leckie 
 M1677 | Parameter Estimation of Long Memory Stochastic Processes with Deep Neural Networks | Bálint Csanády, Lóránt Nagy, Dániel Boros, Iván Ivkovic, Dávid Kovács, Dalma Tóth-Lakits, László Márkus and András Lukács 
 M1678 | Backward Compatibility in Attributive Explanation and Enhanced Model Training Method | Ryuta Matsuno 
 M1683 | FairCognizer: A Model for Accurate Predictions with Inherent Fairness Evaluation | Adda Akram Bendoukha, Nesrine Kaaniche, Aymen Boudguiga and Renaud Sirdey 
 M1684 | MEFusion: Unsupervised Mutual Enhancement for Multimodal Image Fusion | Yushe Cao, Siwen Jiao, Penghao Sun, Baoyun Peng, Dianxi Shi and Yuanchun Shi 
 M1685 | CODD: A Decision Diagram-based Solver for Combinatorial Optimization | Laurent Michel and Willem-Jan van Hoeve 
 M1687 | Optimal Diffusion Auctions | Yao Zhang, Zheng Shanshan and Dengji Zhao 
 M1694 | MixCon: A Hybrid Architecture for Efficient and Adaptive Sequence Modeling | Xin Xu and Zhouchen Lin 
 M1695 | Counseling Responses for Mental Health Forum Questions with Early Maladaptive Schema Prediction | Sujatha Das Gollapalli, Beng Heng Ang, Mingzhe Du and See-Kiong Ng 
 M1699 | UDUC: An Uncertainty-driven Approach for Learning-based Robust Control | Yuan Zhang, Jasper Hoffmann and Joschka Boedecker 
 M1706 | High-Quality Human Motion Prediction using Size Invariant Motion Space | Haichuan Zhao, Xudong Ru, Peng Du, Shaolong Liu, Na Liu, Xingce Wang and Zhongke Wu 
 M1715 | Class-Aware Sample Weight Learning for Cross-Modal Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Cross-User Wearable Human Activity Recognition | Tong Wu, Yanbin Liu and Sira Yongchareon 
 M1717 | Grouped Logit Distillation Enhanced with Superclass Awareness for Efficient Knowledge Transfer | Shuoxi Zhang, Hanpeng Liu, Yuyi Wang and Kun He 
 M1719 | Large Language Model Agentic Approach to Fact Checking and Fake News Detection | Xinyi Li, Yongfeng Zhang and Edward Malthouse 
 M1722 | Large Language Model Prompting With Episodic Memory | Van Dai Do, Quan Tran, Svetha Venkatesh and Hung Le 
 M1730 | Adaptive Fraud Detection on e-Commerce Platforms | Shaowen Tang and Raymond Wong 
 M1732 | Differentiating Choices via Commonality for Multiple-Choice Question Answering | Wenqing Deng, Zhe Wang, Kewen Wang, Shirui Pan, Xiaowang Zhang and Zhiyong Feng 
 M1759 | STPDN: Spatio-Temporal Pattern Decomposition Network with Fluctuation Awareness for Robust Traffic Flow Forecasting | Xudong Zhang, Peng Peng, Xuewen Chen, Yulei Wu, Lingdong Shen and Haina Tang 
 M1762 | SETTP: Style Extraction and Tunable Inference via Dual-level Transferable Prompt Learning | Chunzhen Jin, Yongfeng Huang, Yaqi Wang, Peng Cao and Osmar Zaiane 
 M1765 | One-shot Collaborative Data Distillation | Rayne Holland, Chandra Thapa, Wei Shao, Seyit Camtepe and Sarah Ali Siddiqui 
 M1766 | Learning Compact Neural Networks via Generalized Structured Sparsity | Ke Bian, Lu Sun and Dengji Zhao 
 M1780 | Detecting Objects as Cascade Corners | Chenglong Liu, Jintao Liu, Haoran Wei, Jinze Yang, Liangyu Xu, Yuchen Guo and Lu Fang 
 M1806 | Estimating the Robustness Radius for Randomized Smoothing with 100x Sample Efficiency | Emmanouil Seferis, Stefanos Kollias and Chih-Hong Cheng 
 M1809 | A First-Order Multi-Gradient Algorithm for Multi-Objective Bi-Level Optimization | Feiyang Ye, Baijiong Lin, Xiaofeng Cao, Yu Zhang and Ivor Tsang 
 M1817 | Lightweight Transformer for sEMG Gesture Recognition with Feature Distilled Variational Information Bottleneck | Zefeng Wang, Bingbing Hu, Junfeng Yao and Jinsong Su 
 M1821 | DSPrompt: Prompt Learning with Relation Abstraction and Context Injection for Distant Supervised Relation Extraction | Zechen Meng, Wenbin Zhang, Mankun Zhao, Tianyi Xu, Jian Yu, Ruiguo Yu and Mei Yu 
 M1827 | Limited Voting for Better Representation? | Maaike Venema-Los, Zoé Christoff and Davide Grossi 
 M1839 | Model Priming with Triplet Loss for Few-Shot Emotion Classification in Text | Jens Lemmens and Walter Daelemans 
 M1850 | ReactAIvate: A Deep Learning Approach to Predicting Reaction Mechanisms and Unmasking Reactivity Hotspots | Ajnabiul Hoque, Manajit Das, Mayank Baranwal and Raghavan B Sunoj 
 M1852 | Reduce, Reuse, Recycle: Categories for Compositional Reinforcement Learning | Georgios Bakirtzis, Michail Savvas, Ruihan Zhao, Sandeep Chinchali and Ufuk Topcu 
 M1854 | Enabling Causal Discovery in Post-Nonlinear Models with Normalizing Flows | Nu Hoang, Bao Duong and Thin Nguyen 
 M1855 | Revisiting Vacuous Reduct Semantics for Abstract Argumentation | Lydia Blümel and Matthias Thimm 
 M1856 | Unveiling the Power of Sparse Neural Networks for Feature Selection | Zahra Atashgahi, Tennison Liu, Mykola Pechenizkiy, Raymond Veldhuis, Decebal Constantin Mocanu and Mihaela van der Schaar 
 M1860 | Efficient Initial Data Selection and Labeling for Multi-Class Classification Using Topological Analysis | Lies Hadjadj, Emilie Devijver, Rémi Molinier and Massih-Reza Amini 
 M1867 | Scalable Variational Causal Discovery Unconstrained by Acyclicity | Nu Hoang, Bao Duong and Thin Nguyen 
 M1869 | Control by Adding Players to Change or Maintain the Shapley–Shubik or the Penrose–Banzhaf Power Index in Weighted Voting Games Is Complete for NP^PP | Joanna Kaczmarek and Jörg Rothe 
 M1892 | Multi-View Prompt for Fine-Grained Multimodal NER and Grounding [not presented] | Jintao Liu, Chenglong Liu and Kaiwen Wei 
 M1893 | Deep Mapper: Efficient Visualization of Plausible Conformational Pathways | Ziyad Oulhaj, Yoshiyuki Ishii, Kento Ohga, Kimihiro Yamazaki, Mutsuyo Wada, Yuhei Umeda, Takashi Katoh, Yuichiro Wada and Hiroaki Kurihara 
 M1904 | On explaining with attention matrices | Omar Naim and Nicholas Asher 
 M1911 | Boundary-Enhanced Instance Segmentation | Fangyuan Zhang, Tianxiang Pan, Yu-Wing Tai and Bin Wang 
 M1912 | Enhancing Hate Speech Annotations with Background Semantics | Paula Reyero Lobo, Enrico Daga, Harith Alani and Miriam Fernandez 
 M1913 | Symmetry-Breaking Constraints for Directed Graphs | Jussi Rintanen and Masood Feyzbakhsh Rankooh 
 M1917 | Fact Probability Vector Based Goal Recognition | Nils Wilken, Lea Cohausz, Christian Bartelt and Heiner Stuckenschmidt 
 M1923 | Reasonable Gradients for Online Training Algorithms in Spiking Neural Networks | Lang Xue, Hanwen Liu, Jing Wang and Hong Qu 
 M1929 | A Lazy Approach to Neural Numerical Planning with Control Parameters | René Heesch, Alessandro Cimatti, Jonas Ehrhardt, Alexander Diedrich and Oliver Niggemann 
 M1974 | Prompt Based Data Augmentation Using Contrastive Learning Under Scarcity of Annotated Data | Muhammad Uzair Ul Haq, Davide Rigoni and Alessandro Sperduti 
 M1980 | Augmented prediction of a true class for Positive Unlabeled data under selection bias | Jan Mielniczuk and Adam Wawrzeńczyk 
 M1981 | Synthesis of Reward Machines for Multi-Agent Equilibrium Design | Muhammad Najib and Giuseppe Perelli 
 M1982 | Spatial and Frequency-based Feature Reconstruction for Cross-Database Micro-Expression Recognition | Zhi Feng, C. L. Philip Chen, Shiting Xu and Tong Zhang 
 M1985 | Offline Model-Based Reinforcement Learning with Anti-Exploration | Padmanaba Srinivasan and William J. Knottenbelt 
 M1987 | Learning in Multi-Objective Public Goods Games with Non-Linear Utilities | Nicole Orzan, Erman Acar, Davide Grossi, Patrick Mannion and Roxana Radulescu 
 M1991 | DecorTAD: Diffusion Based Conditional Representation Learning for Online Trajectory Anomaly Detection | Chen Wang, Sarah Erfani, Tansu Alpcan and Christopher Leckie 
 M1993 | Robust Monocular Depth Estimation in Adverse Weather Conditions by Unsupervised Domain Adaptation | Jihui Lee, Quoc-Vinh Lai-Dang, Neha Sengar and Dongsoo Har 
 M2000 | SecPE: Secure Prompt Ensembling for Private and Robust Large Language Models | Jiawen Zhang, Kejia Chen, Zunlei Feng, Jian Lou and Mingli Song 
 M2002 | Model Provenance via Model DNA | Xin Mu, Yu Wang, Yehong Zhang, Jiaqi Zhang, Hui Wang, Yang Xiang and Yue Yu 
 M2003 | DeepDFA: Automata Learning through Neural Probabilistic Relaxations | Elena Umili and Roberto Capobianco 
 M2013 | Approximate Mechanism Design for Facility Location with Multiple Objectives | Toby Walsh 
 M2020 | The Form and the Content: Non-monotonic Reasoning with Syntactic Contextual Filtering | Florence Dupin de Saint-Cyr and Pierre Bisquert 
 M2022 | Reducing Texture Bias of Deep Neural Networks via Edge Enhancing Diffusion | Edgar Heinert, Matthias Rottmann, Kira Maag and Karsten Kahl 
 M2025 | SAT-Based Approaches to Reasoning in Choice Logics | Tuomo Lehtonen, Andreas Niskanen and Matti Järvisalo 
 M2026 | Iteratively Calibrating Prompts for Unsupervised Diverse Opinion Summarization | Jian Wang, Yuqing Sun, Yanjie Liang, Xin Li and Bin Gong 
 M2033 | An Online Incremental Learning Approach for Configuring Multi-arm Bandits Algorithms | Mohammad Essa Alsomali, Roberto Rodrigues Filho, Leandro Soriano Marcolino and Barry Porter 
 M2035 | u-LLaVA: Unifying Multi-Modal Tasks via Large Language Model | Jinjin Xu, Liwu Xu, Yuzhe Yang, Xiang Li, Fanyi Wang, Yanchun Xie, Yi-Jie Huang and Yaqian Li 
 M2036 | Generating SROI− Ontologies via Knowledge Graph Query Embedding Learning | Yunjie He, Daniel Hernandez, Mojtaba Nayyeri, Bo Xiong, Yuqicheng Zhu, Evgeny Kharlamov and Steffen Staab 
 M2042 | CAMAOT: Channel-Aware Multi-Camera Active Object Tracking System | Maolong Yin, Bin Guo, Zhuo Sun, Lei Wu, Zhaotie Hao and Zhiwen Yu 
 M2044 | Night-to-Day: Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation for Nighttime Pedestrian Detection | Afnan Althoupety, Li-Yun Wang, Wu-Chi Feng and Banafsheh Rekabdar 
 M2045 | Bridging Continual Learning of Motion and Self-Supervised Representations | Matteo Tiezzi, Simone Marullo, Alessandro Betti, Michele Casoni and Stefano Melacci 
 M2049 | Inside the Black Box: Detecting Data Leakage in Pre-trained Language Encoders | Yuan Xin, Zheng Li, Ning Yu, Dingfan Chen, Mario Fritz, Michael Backes and Yang Zhang 
 M2052 | Gotta Catch 'Em All! Sequence Flaws in CEGAR for Classical Planning | Martín Pozo, Álvaro Torralba and Carlos Linares López 
 M2054 | Do we Care about Poll Manipulation in Political Elections? | Vincent Mousseau, Henri Surugue and Anaëlle Wilczynski 
 M2055 | Spatially Constrained Transformer with Efficient Global Relation Modelling for Spatio-Temporal Prediction | Ashutosh Sao and Simon Gottschalk 
 M2064 | Learning logic programs by finding minimal unsatisfiable subprograms | Andrew Cropper and Céline Hocquette 
 M2069 | Rigorous Probabilistic Guarantees for Robust Counterfactual Explanations | Luca Marzari, Francesco Leofante, Ferdinando Cicalese and Alessandro Farinelli 
 M2074 | Fairness in Repeated House Allocation | Karl Jochen Micheel and Anaëlle Wilczynski 
 M2075 | Hierarchical Average-Reward Linearly-solvable Markov Decision Processes | Guillermo Infante, Anders Jonsson and Vicenç Gómez 
 M2088 | Explaining an Agent’s Future Beliefs through Temporally Decomposing Future Reward Estimators | Mark Towers, Yali Du, Christopher Freeman and Timothy Norman 
 M2093 | A Heuristic for Optimal Total-Order HTN Planning Based on Integer Linear Programming | Conny Olz, Alexander Lodemann and Pascal Bercher 
 M2106 | MC-SORT: A Motion Correction-based Framework for Long-Term Multiple Object Tracking | Xiangyu Li, Yunchuan Qin, Ruihui Li, Guanghua Tan, Zhuo Tang and Kenli Li 
 M2110 | DINEX: Interpretable NLP via Diversified Natural Language Explanations [not presented] | Xugang Zhou, Jindian Su and Weizheng Gu 
 M2121 | Mask-Encoded Sparsification: Mitigating Biased Gradients in Communication-Efficient Split Learning | Wenxuan Zhou, Zhihao Qu, Shen-Huan Lyu, Miao Cai and Baoliu Ye 
 M2123 | A Meta-Learning Approach for Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning in Sustainable Home Energy Management | Junlin Lu, Patrick Mannion and Karl Mason 
 M2124 | Understanding the Impact of Human Oversight on Discriminatory Outcomes in AI-Supported Decision Making | Alexia Gaudeul, Ottla Arrigoni, Vasiliki Charisi, Marina Escobar-Planas and Isabelle Hupont-Torres 
 M2129 | Cliff: Leveraging Ambiguous Samples for Enhanced Test-Time Adaptation [not presented] | Xiao Chen, Qihui Zhang and Yan Wang 
 M2138 | On the Effects of Irrelevant Variables in Treatment Effect Estimation with Deep Disentanglement | Ahmad Saeed Khan, Erik Schaffernicht and Johannes Andreas Stork 
 M2139 | Advancing Topic Segmentation of Broadcasted Speech with Multilingual Semantic Embeddings | Sakshi Deo Shukla, Pavel Denisov and Tugtekin Turan 
 M2145 | The Propensity for Density in Feed-forward Models | Nandi Schoots, Alex Jackson, Ali Kholmovaia, Peter McBurney and Murray Shanahan 
 M2149 | Laner-GNN: Adapting to Long-Tail Degree Distribution with Latent Neighborhood Restorers | Lingjun Xu, Haowen Li, Guojie Song, Liang Wang and Bo Zheng 
 M2162 | Complex multi-ontology alignment through geometric operations on language embeddings | Marta Contreiras Silva, Daniel Faria and Catia Pesquita 
 M2164 | Instruction following with goal-conditioned reinforcement learning in virtual environments | Zoya Volovikova, Alexey Skrynnik, Petr Kuderov and Aleksandr I. Panov 
 M2167 | Contribution of V1 receptive field properties to corruption robustness in CNNs | Ruxandra Barbulescu, Tiago Marques and Arlindo Oliveira 
 M2169 | Diversity-enhanced Learning for Unsupervised Syntactically Controlled Paraphrase Generation | Shaojuan Wu, Jitong Li, Yue Sun, Xiaowang Zhang and Zhiyong Feng 
 M2170 | A study of prototypical network techniques for cross-subject EEG analysis | Wenchao Liu, Guangyu Wang, Yuhong He, Hongjian Bo, Lin Ma and Haifeng Li 
 M2184 | Cascade Memory for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection | Jiahao Li, Yiqiang Chen, Yunbing Xing, Yang Gu and Xiangyuan Lan 
 M2197 | TED: Accelerate Model Training by Internal Generalization | Jinying Xiao, Ping Li and Jie Nie 
 M2198 | Improving Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis via Tuple-Order Learning | Gongzhen Hu, Yuanjun Liu, Xiabing Zhou and Min Zhang 
 M2202 | Robust Deep Hawkes Process under Label Noise of Both Event and Occurrence | Xiaoyu Tan, Bin Li, Xihe Qiu, Jingjing Huang, Yinghui Xu and Wei Chu 
 M2203 | Federated Learning with Hybrid Knowledge Distillations on Long-Tailed Heterogeneous Client Data | Senbin Liu, Yuanting Zhang, Kunhua Zhang and Yi Wang 
 M2207 | Natural Mitigation of Catastrophic Interference: Continual Learning in Power-Law Learning Environments [not presented] | Atith Gandhi, Raj Shah, Vijay Marupudi and Sashank Varma 
 M2208 | Designing an XAI Interface for Tree-Based ML Models | Gilles Audemard, Sylvie Coste-Marquis, Pierre Marquis, Mehdi Sabiri and Nicolas Szczepanski 
 M2210 | ALOE: Boosting Large Language Model Fine-Tuning with Aggressive Loss-based Elimination of Samples | Alexander Demidovskij, Aleksei Trutnev, Artyom Tugaryov and Igor Salnikov 
 M2213 | On the Computation of Contrastive Explanations for Boosted Regression Trees | Gilles Audemard, Jean Marie Lagniez and Pierre Marquis 
 M2222 | Uncertainty in real-world vehicle routing | Václav Sobotka and Hana Rudová 
 M2233 | Locally-Minimal Probabilistic Explanations | Yacine Izza, Kuldeep Meel and Joao Marques-Silva 
 M2238 | Canonical Decision Diagrams Modulo Theories | Massimo Michelutti, Gabriele Masina, Giuseppe Spallitta and Roberto Sebastiani 
 M2239 | Hyperparameter Importance Analysis for Multi-Objective AutoML | Daphne Theodorakopoulos, Frederic Stahl and Marius Lindauer 
 M2242 | A Single Online Agent Can Efficiently Learn Mean Field Games | Chenyu Zhang, Xu Chen and Xuan Di 
 M2248 | Abductive and Contrastive Explanations for Scoring Rules in Voting | Clément Contet, Umberto Grandi and Jérôme Mengin 
 M2252 | Planning for Human-Robot Collaboration Scenarios with Heterogeneous Costs and Durations | Silvia Izquierdo-Badiola, Gerard Canal, Guillem Alenyà, Carlos Rizzo and Andrew Coles 
 M2258 | MCAHNN: Multi-channel EEG emotion recognition using Attention mechanism based on Householder Reflection | Qinglong Liu, Wenhao Jiang, Shihang Ding, Kaixuan Wang, Hongjian Bo, Cong Xu, Lin Ma and Haifeng Li 
 M2266 | Prompt-based Domain Incremental Learning with Modular Classification Layer | Boyu Wang, Yue Ma and Qinru Qiu 
 M2268 | Existence of MMS Allocations of Mixed Manna | Kevin Hsu 
 M2275 | IndMask: Inductive Explanation for Multivariate Time Series Black-box Models | Seham Nasr and Sandipan Sikdar 
 M2286 | Unified Video and Image Representation for Boosted Video Face Forgery Detection | Haotian Liu, Chenhui Pan, Yang Liu, Guoying Zhao and Xiaobai Li 
 M2287 | Fairness Auditing with Multi-Agent Collaboration | Martijn de Vos, Akash Dhasade, Jade Garcia Bourrée, Anne-Marie Kermarrec, Erwan Le Merrer, Benoît Rottembourg and Gilles Tredan 
 M2291 | In-Network Machine Learning for Real-Time Transaction Fraud Detection | Xinpeng Hong, Changgang Zheng and Noa Zilberman 
 M2297 | Annot-Mix: Learning with Noisy Class Labels from Multiple Annotators via a Mixup Extension | Marek Herde, Lukas Lührs, Denis Huseljic and Bernhard Sick 
 M2298 | Multi-Agent Path Finding with Task Assignment and Supporting Constraints | Caroline Bonhomme, Christophe Grand, Charles Lesire, Jean-Louis Dufour and Christophe Guettier 
 M2301 | Navigating Trade-offs: Policy Summarization in Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning | Zuzanna Osika, Jazmin Zatarain-Salazar, Frans Oliehoek and Pradeep Kumar Murukannaiah 
 M2305 | FenGe--An Interactive Framework for Improving the Utility of Deep Dune Segmentation in Geographical Tasks | Zheng Jiang, Anqi Lu, Zifeng Wu, Wei Wang, Gaowei Zhang, Eerdun Hasi and Yi Wang 
 M2307 | GraphFSA: A Finite State Automaton Framework for Algorithmic Learning on Graphs | Florian Grötschla, Joel Mathys, Christoffer Raun and Roger Wattenhofer 
 M2309 | Good Things Come to Those Who Wait: The Power of Sensing in Social Laws | Alexander Tuisov, Alexander Shleyfman and Erez Karpas 
 M2310 | Development of an Interpretable Uni-Null Neuron-Based Evolving Fuzzy Neural Network for Age Group Identification in Respondents with Diabetes | Paulo Vitor de Campos Souza and Mauro Dragoni 
 M2311 | Automated Synthesis of Certified Neural Networks | Matteo Zavatteri, Davide Bresolin and Nicolò Navarin 
 M2315 | EXPLAIN, AGREE, LEARN: Scaling Learning for Neural Probabilistic Logic | Victor Verreet, Lennert De Smet, Luc De Raedt and Emanuele Sansone 
 M2316 | Real-time goal recognition using approximations in Euclidean space | Douglas Tesch, Leonardo Amado and Felipe Meneguzzi 
 M2320 | Complexity Results and Algorithms for Manipulation and Bribery in Judgment Aggregation | Ari Conati, Andreas Niskanen, Ronald de Haan and Matti Järvisalo 
 M2329 | SaGess: A Sampling Graph Denoising Diffusion Model for Scalable Graph Generation | Stratis Limnios, Praveen Selvaraj, Mihai Cucuringu, Carsten Maple, Gesine Reinert and Andrew Elliott 
 M2332 | RTSR: A Real-Time Table Structure Recognition Approach | Nam Quan Nguyen, Xuan Phong Pham and Tuan Anh Tran 
 M2336 | VMFTransformer: An Angle-Preserving and Auto-Scaling Machine for Multi-horizon Probabilistic Forecasting | Yunyi Zhou, Ruohan Gao, Xinping Zheng, Yuchen Huang and Zhixuan Chu 
 M2337 | Multi-agent Planning using Visual Language Models | Michele Brienza, Francesco Argenziano, Vincenzo Suriani, Domenico Daniele Bloisi and Daniele Nardi 
 M2349 | Value-Based Rationales Improve Social Experience: A Multiagent Simulation Study | Sz-Ting Tzeng, Nirav Ajmeri and Munindar P. Singh 
 M2370 | Placement Aware Grasp Planning for Efficient Sequential Manipulation | Juhan Park, Daejong Jin and Kyungjae Lee 
 M2373 | Recurrent Task Specialization Network for Segmentation-aided Vascular Landmarks Detection in Retinal Images | Álvaro S. Hervella, José Rouco, Jorge Novo, Clara I. Sánchez and Marcos Ortega 
 M2374 | Diversifying the Mixture-of-Experts Representation for Language Models with Orthogonal Optimizer | Boan Liu, Liang Ding, Li Shen, Keqin Peng, Yu Cao, Dazhao Cheng and Dacheng Tao 
 M2377 | Detecting Hidden Triggers: Mapping Non-Markov Reward Functions to Markov | Gregory Hyde and Eugene Santos, Jr. 
 M2387 | A Practical Operational Semantics for Classical Planning in BDI Agents | Mengwei Xu, Tom Lumley, Ramon Fraga Pereira and Felipe Meneguzzi 
 M2389 | Monte Carlo tree search with state merging for reinforcement learning in Regular Decision Processes | Gabriel Paludo Licks, Fabio Patrizi and Giuseppe De Giacomo 
 M2390 | FltLM: An Intergrated Long-Context Large Language Model for Effective Context Filtering and Understanding | Jingyang Deng, Zhengyang Shen, Boyang Wang, Lixin Su, Suqi Cheng, Ying Nie, Junfeng Wang, Dawei Yin and Jinwen Ma 
 M2396 | Unveiling Learner Dynamics: The ECLIPSE Dataset and NeuralGaze Framework for Prolonged Engagement Assessment in Online Learning | Avinash Anand, Avni Mittal, Laavanaya Dhawan, Mahisha Ramesh, Juhi Krishnamurthy, Naman Lal, Raj Jaiswal, Pijush Bhuyan, Himani, Astha Verma, Rajiv Ratn Shah, Roger Zimmermann and Shin'Ichi Satoh 
 M2402 | RETRO-LI: Small-Scale Retrieval Augmented Generation Supporting Noisy Similarity Searches and Domain Shift Generalization | Gentiana Rashiti, Geethan Karunaratne, Mrinmaya Sachan, Abu Sebastian and Abbas Rahimi 
 M2403 | Taylor expansion in neural networks: How higher orders yield better predictions | Pavel Zwerschke, Arvid Weyrauch, Markus Götz and Charlotte Debus 
 M2407 | High-Dimensional Causal Bayesian Optimization | Yupeng Wu, Weiye Wang, Yangwenhui Zhang, Mingjia Li, Yuanhao Liu, Hong Qian and Aimin Zhou 
 M2412 | Reset It and Forget It: Relearning Last-Layer Weights Improves Continual and Transfer Learning | Lapo Frati, Neil Traft, Jeff Clune and Nick Cheney 
 M2415 | CLIP-based Cross-Level Semantic Interaction and Recombination Network for Composed Image Retrieval | Zhihang Liu, Qiang Huang and Yingying Zhu 
 M2418 | Thresholded Lexicographic Ordered Multiobjective Reinforcement Learning | Alperen Tercan and Vinayak Prabhu 
 M2421 | Machine Learning for Quantifier Selection in cvc5 | Jan Jakubuv, Mikolas Janota, Jelle Piepenbrock and Josef Urban 
 M2424 | Learning a Mini-batch Graph Transformer via Two-stage Interaction Augmentation | Wenda Li, Kaixuan Chen, Shunyu Liu, Tongya Zheng, Wenjie Huang and Mingli Song 
 M2436 | Channel Randomisation Methods for Zero-Shot Communication | Dylan Cope and Nandi Schoots 
 M2439 | Informed Spectral Normalized Gaussian Processes for Trajectory Prediction | Christian Schlauch, Christian Wirth and Nadja Klein 
 M2445 | ActivityGen: Extracting Enabled Activities from Screenshots | Harry H. Beyel, Sovin Manuel and Wil M. P. van der Aalst 
 M2447 | StyleMamba: State Space Model for Efficient Text-driven Image Style Transfer | Zijia Wang and Zhi-Song Liu 
 M2452 | Subsystem Discovery in High-Dimensional Time-Series Using Masked Autoencoders | Teemu Sarapisto, Haoyu Wei, Keijo Heljanko, Arto Klami and Laura Ruotsalainen 
 M2477 | IFH: a Diffusion Framework for Flexible Design of Graph Generative Models | Samuel Cognolato, Alessandro Sperduti and Luciano Serafini 
 M2479 | Discovering Bayesian Networks when Few Variables Matter | Madhumita Kundu, Pekka Parviainen and Saket Saurabh 
 M2482 | BRECS: Enhanced Binary Representation of Word Embeddings via Cosine Similarity | Rajdeep Sarkar, Sourav Dutta and John P. McCrae 
 M2485 | Neural Reward Machines | Elena Umili, Francesco Argenziano and Roberto Capobianco 
 M2487 | An Empirical Study of Grounding PPDDL plans for AI-Driven Robots in Social Environment | Gloria Beraldo, Angelo Oddi and Riccardo Rasconi 
 M2490 | stl2vec: Semantic and Interpretable Vector Representation of Temporal Logic | Gaia Saveri, Laura Nenzi, Luca Bortolussi and Jan Křetínský 
 M2508 | Explaining a probabilistic prediction on the simplex with Shapley compositions | Paul-Gauthier Noé, Miquel Perello-Nieto, Jean-Francois Bonastre and Peter Flach 
 M2539 | EthiX: A Dataset for Argument Scheme Classification in Ethical Debates | Elfia Bezou Vrakatseli, Oana Cocarascu and Sanjay Modgil 
 M2559 | B2MAPO: A Batch-by-Batch Multi-Agent Policy Optimization to Balance Performance and Efficiency | Wenjing Zhang, Wei Zhang, Wenqing Hu and Yifan Wang 
 M2563 | Domain-specific long text classification from sparse relevant information | Célia D'Cruz, Jean-Marc Bereder, Frédéric Precioso and Michel Riveill 
 M2565 | The Degree of Fairness in Efficient House Allocation | Hadi Hosseini, Medha Kumar and Sanjukta Roy 
 M2573 | CoTran: An LLM-based Code Translator using Reinforcement Learning with Feedback from Compiler and Symbolic Execution | Prithwish Jana, Piyush Jha, Haoyang Ju, Gautham Kishore, Aryan Mahajan and Vijay Ganesh 
 M2580 | Decentralized Unlabeled Multi-agent Pathfinding Via Target And Priority Swapping | Stepan Dergachev and Konstantin Yakovlev 
 M2590 | FedStale: leveraging stale updates in federated learning | Angelo Rodio and Giovanni Neglia 
 M2597 | Evolving A∗ to Efficiently Solve the k Shortest-Path Problem | Carlos Linares Lopez and Ian Herman 
 M2610 | NeurCAM: Interpretable Neural Clustering via Additive Models | Nakul Upadhya and Eldan Cohen 
 M2613 | Reaching New Heights in Multi-Agent Collective Construction | Martin Rameš and Pavel Surynek 
 M2624 | Ontology Text Alignment: Aligning Textual Content with Domain Terminology | Jieying Chen, Hang Dong, Jiaoyan Chen and Ian Horrocks 
 M2626 | HBIC: A Biclustering Algorithm for Heterogeneous Datasets | Adán José-García, Julie Jacques, Clement Chauvet, Vincent Sobanski and Clarisse Dhaenens 
 M2627 | Does Serendipity Enhance Recommendation Quality? Measuring Accuracy and Beyond-Accuracy Objectives of Serendipitous POI Suggestions | Imen Ben Sassi, Priit Järv and Sadok Ben Yahia 
 M2629 | A Gale-Shapley View of Unique Stable Marriages | Kartik Gokhale, Amit Kumar Mallik, Ankit Kumar Misra and Swaprava Nath 
 M2648 | Temporal Fairness in Decision Making Problems | Manuel Torres, Parisa Zehtabi, Michael Cashmore, Daniele Magazzeni and Manuela Veloso 
 M2671 | An Axiomatic Perspective on Anomaly Detection | Chester Wyke and Ruth Urner 
 M2672 | A Neural Rewriting System to Solve Algorithmic Problems | Flavio Petruzzellis, Alberto Testolin and Alessandro Sperduti 
 M2676 | GABInsight: Exploring Gender-Activity Binding Bias in Vision-Language Models [not presented] | Ali Abdollahi, Mahdi Ghaznavi, Mohammad Reza Karimi Nejad, Arash Mari Oriyad, Reza Abbasi, Ali Salesi, Melika Behjati, Mohammad Hossein Rohban and Mahdieh Soleymani Baghshah 
 M2683 | Revisiting the Dataset Bias Problem from a Statistical Perspective | Kien Do, Dung Nguyen, Hung Le, Thao Le, Dang Nguyen, Haripriya Harikumar, Truyen Tran, Santu Rana and Svetha Venkatesh 
 M2686 | Learning Compositional, Time-Varying Neural Barrier Contracts | Matthew Low, Timothy E. Wang and Pierluigi Nuzzo 
 M2693 | Deep Generative Models for Subgraph Prediction | Erfaneh Mahmoudzadeh, Parmis Naddaf, Kiarash Zahirnia and Oliver Schulte 
 M2697 | Approximate Estimation of High-dimension Execution Skill for Dynamic Agents in Continuous Domains | Delma Nieves-Rivera and Christopher Archibald 
 M2711 | Enhancing Stance Detection on Social Media via Core Views Discovery | Yu Yan, Yinghan Shen, Teli Liu, Xuhui Jiang and Dechun Yin 
 M2719 | A More Practical Algorithm for Weighted First-Order Model Counting with Linear Order Axiom | Qiaolan Meng, Jan Tóth, Yuanhong Wang, Yuyi Wang and Ondřej Kuželka 
 M2738 | Recovering implicit physics model under real world constraints | Ayan Banerjee and Sandeep Gupta 
 M2744 | Progressive Artistic Aesthetic Enhancement For Chinese Ink Painting Style Transfer | Chihan Huang 
 M2745 | Towards Unsupervised Model Validation | Lihi Idan 
 M2804 | Mixup Your Own Latent: Efficient and Robust Self-Supervised Learning on Small Images | Eugene Yang, Hao Chen and Seokho Kang 
 M2807 | Vanilla Gradient Descent for Oblique Decision Trees | Subrat Panda, Blaise Genest, Arvind Easwaran and Ponnuthurai Suganthan 
 M2810 | Objective-Informed Diversity for Multi-Objective Multiagent Coordination | Gaurav Dixit and Kagan Tumer 
 M2817 | REFINE-LM: Mitigating Language Model Stereotypes via Reinforcement Learning | Rameez Qureshi, Es-Sebbani Naïm, Luis Galárraga, Yvette Graham, Miguel Couceiro and Zied Bouraoui 
 M2843 | A Logic for Policy Based Resource Exchanges in Multiagent Systems | Lorenzo Ceragioli, Pierpaolo Degano, Letterio Galletta and Luca Viganò 
 M2850 | Contextually Adaptive Algorithms for Gaussian Process Bandit Optimization under Heavy-tailed Noise | Hyeonjun Park and Kyungjae Lee 
 M2856 | No Transaction Fees? No Problem! Achieving Fairness in Transaction Fee Mechanism Design | Sankarshan Damle, Varul Srivastava and Sujit Gujar 
 M2867 | Measuring User Understanding in Dialogue-based XAI Systems | Dimitry Mindlin, Amelie Robrecht, Michael Morasch and Philipp Cimiano 
 M2887 | Is Contrasting All You Need? Contrastive Learning for the Detection and Attribution of AI-generated Text | Lucio La Cava, Davide Costa and Andrea Tagarelli 
 M2894 | Few-Shot Object Detection with Instance Feature Generation and Hybrid Contrastive Learning | Yuhui Wang, Bo Peng, Tianyi Qin, Jiahui Song and Xu Zhang 
 M2901 | CAGDR: Confidence-based Acceleration of Generative Document Retrieval | Rui Fang, Chin-Yuan Yeh, Hsi-Wen Chen and Ming-Syan Chen 
 M2906 | Quantifying a Causal Effect from a CPDAG with Targeted Exogenous Causal Knowledge | Mahdi Hadj Ali, Yann Le Biannic and Pierre-Henri Wuillemin 
 M2909 | Unlocking Efficiency: Adaptive Masking for Gene Transformer Models | Soumyadeep Roy, Shamik Sural and Niloy Ganguly 
 M2915 | Exploring Large Language Models Text Style Transfer Capabilities | Weijie Li, Zhentao Gu, Xiaochao Fan, Wenjun Deng, Yong Yang, Xinyuan Zhao, Yufeng Diao and Liang Yang 
 M2932 | Dynamic Multimodal Prompt Tuning: Boost Few-shot Learning with VLM-Guided Point Cloud Models | Xiang Gu, Shuchao Pang, Anan Du, Yifei Wang, Jixiang Miao and Jorge Díez 
 M2939 | Improving The Performance of Transformer-based Models Over Classical Baselines in Multiple Transliterated Languages | Fahim Ahmed, Md Fahim, Md Ashraful Amin, Amin Ahsan Ali and Akm Mahbubur Rahman 

 Journal Track  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 J1 | Levi and Harper Identities for Non-prioritized Belief Base Change | Marco Garapa, Eduardo Fermé and Maurício Reis 
 J2 | DeepSym: Deep Symbol Generation and Rule Learning for Planning from Unsupervised Robot Interaction | Alper Ahmetoglu, M. Yunus Seker, Justus Piater, Erhan Oztop and Emre Ugur 
 J3 | Object-agnostic Affordance Categorization via Unsupervised Learning of Graph Embeddings | Alexia Toumpa and Anthony G. Cohn 
 J4 | A k-additive Choquet Integral-based Approach to Approximate the SHAP Values for Local Interpretability in Machine Learning | Guilherme Pelegrina, Leonardo Duarte and Michel Grabisch 
 J5 | Lifted Reasoning for Combinatorial Counting | Pietro Totis, Jesse Davis, Luc de Raedt and Angelika Kimmig 
 J6 | An Attention Model for the Formation of Collectives in Real-World Domains | Adrià Fenoy, Filippo Bistaffa and Alessandro Farinelli 
 J7 | Undesirable Biases in NLP: Addressing Challenges of Measurement | Oskar van der Wal, Dominik Bachmann, Alina Leidinger, Leendert van Maanen, Willem Zuidema and Katrin Schulz 
 J8 | Dealing with Expert Bias in Collective Decision-making | Axel Abels, Tom Lenaerts, Vito Trianni and Ann Nowé 
 J9 | Polarized Message-Passing in Graph Neural Networks | Tiantian He, Yang Liu, Yew-Soon Ong, Xiaohu Wu and Xin Luo 
 J10 | Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning Based on Decomposition: A Taxonomy and Framework | Florian Felten, El-Ghazali Talbi and Grégoire Danoy 
 J11 | Iterative Train Scheduling under Disruption with Maximum Satisfiability | Alexandre Lemos, Filipe Gouveia, Pedro T. Monteiro and Inês Lynce 
 J12 | Right Place, Right Time: Proactive Multi-Robot Task Allocation Under Spatiotemporal Uncertainty | Charlie Street, Bruno Lacerda, Manuel Mühlig, Nick Hawes 
 J13 | Functional Relation Field: A Model-Agnostic Framework for Multivariate Time Series Forecasting | Ting Li, Bing Yu, Jianguo Li, Guoli Yang and Zhanxing Zhu 
 J14 | Dynamic Controllability of Temporal Plans in Uncertain and Partially Observable Environments | Arthur Bit-Monnot and Paul Morris 

 Demo Track  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 D1 | EVIDENT: Enhanced Visualization and Design Integration from Textual Edits and Prompts | Miguel Escarda Fernández, Xin Lin, Iñigo López-Riobóo Botana and Sonia González Vázquez 
 D7 | Device-Specific Facial Descriptors: Winning a Lottery with a SuperNet | Andrey Savchenko, Dmitry Maslov and Ilya Makarov 
 D11 | Gas Grid Copilot: Can a MORL agent assist a dispatcher in managing a gas grid? | Alexander Schiendorfer, Gheorghe Lisca, Karima Outafraout, Lilia Michailov, Pascal Kätzel and Rudolf Felix 
 D13 | Assisted Debate Builder with Large Language Models | Elliot Faugier, Frédéric Armetta, Angela Bonifati and Bruno Yun 
 D15 | Answerable Sociotechnical Systems | Dilara Keküllüoğlu, Michael Rovatsos and Nadin Kokciyan 
 D16 | ANTIDOTE: ArgumeNtaTIon-Driven explainable artificial intelligence fOr digiTal mEdicine | Cristian Cardellino, Theo Collias, Benjamin Molinet, Erwan Hain, Wei Sun, Rodrigo Agerri, Serena Villata and Elena Cabrio 
 D21 | PEACE: Providing Explanations and Analysis for Combating Hate Expressions | Greta Damo, Nicolás Benjamín Ocampo, Elena Cabrio and Serena Villata 
 D24 | EEG-based fMRI digital twin: towards a cheap and ecological approach to measure subcortical brain activity | Nikolay Dagaev, Ilia Semenkov and Alexei Ossadtchi 
 D31 | AI-powered virtual reality system for training wrist amputees to use advanced prosthetic solutions | Vladislav Aksiotis, Oleg Sazonov, Kamila Nasrulina, Daria Medvedeva, Uliya Nekrasova and Alexei Ossadtchi 
 D36 | Nissist: An Incident Mitigation Copilot based on Troubleshooting Guides | Kaikai An, Fangkai Yang, Junting Lu, Liqun Li, Zhixing Ren, Hao Huang, Lu Wang, Pu Zhao, Yu Kang, Hua Ding, Qingwei Lin, Saravan Rajmohan, Dongmei Zhang and Qi Zhang 
 D40 | A SAM based Tool for Semi-Automatic Food Annotation | Lubnaa Abdur Rahman, Ioannis Papathanail, Lorenzo Brigato and Stavroula Mougiakakou 
 D43 | CA-SER: Cross-Attention Feature Fusion for Speech Emotion Recognition | Bashar M. Deeb, Andrey Savchenko and Ilya Makarov 
 D44 | STV+FLY: On-the-Fly Model Checking of Strategic Ability in Multi-Agent Systems | Mateusz Kamiński, Damian Kurpiewski and Wojtek Jamroga 
 D46 | A Demonstration of AI Personalized Interactive Fiction for Young Children | Jasmine Lesner, Luke Murayama, Tony Guizar, Poom Phunjamaneechot and Daniel Shapiro 
 D47 | AI-Powered Immersive Assistance for Interactive Task Execution in Industrial Environments | Tomislav Duricic, Peter Müllner, Nicole Weidinger, Neven Elsayed, Dominik Kowald and Eduardo Veas 
 D48 | KGPrune: a Web Application to Extract Subgraphs of Interest from Wikidata with Analogical Pruning | Pierre Monnin, Cherif-Hassan Nousradine, Lucas Jarnac, Laurel Zuckerman and Miguel Couceiro 
 D50 | InsideOut: Unifying Emotional LLMs to Foster Empathy | Mikhail Mozikov, Nikita Severin, Maria Glushanina, Mikhail Baklashkin, Andrey Savchenko and Ilya Makarov 
 D53 | UCCIX: Irish-eXcellence Large Language Model | Khanh-Tung Tran, Barry O'Sullivan and Hoang D. Nguyen 

 PAIS  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 P2 | Equipment Condition-Integrated Predictive Modeling for Optimized Scheduling of Ion Implantation in Semiconductor Manufacturing | Andreas Laber, Martin Gebser and Konstantin Schekotihin 
 P6 | A Robust and Scalable Approach to Meet User Preferences in Research Project Planning | Roger Lera-Leri and Filippo Bistaffa 
 P18 | Interactive Example-based Explanations to Improve Health Professionals' Onboarding with AI for Human-AI Collaborative Decision Making | Min Hun Lee, Renee Bao Xuan Ng, Silvana Xinyi Choo and Shamala Do Thilarajah 
 P21 | A predictive model for risk management of the hospitalised patient as a clinical decision support system | Isabel Benlloch-Blasco, Stella Heras, Javier Palanca, Vicent Botti, Antonio Ruiz, Isabel Miguel and Mª Isabel Marmol Lopez 
 P22 | An Intelligent Pipeline for Localization of Industrial Components in Robotic Manufacturing Applications | Parth Rawal, Daniel Valencia and Wolfgang Hintze 
 P25 | More (enough) is Better: Towards Few-Shot Illegal Landfill Waste Segmentation | Matias Molina, Carlos Ferreira, Bruno Veloso, Rita P. Ribeiro and João Gama 
 P30 | Automatic Motor Imagery classification by CNN-Transformer-LSTM using multi-channel EEG signals | Duc Thien Pham and Roman Mouček 
 P35 | Large Language Models for Question Answering over Proprietary Data | Dario Garigliotti, Bjarte Johansen, Jakob Vigerust Kallestad, Seong-Eun Cho and Cesar Ferri 
 P36 | Enhancing Decision-Making in Energy Management Systems through Action-Independent Dynamics Learning | Théo Zangato, Aomar Osmani and Pegah Alizadeh 
 P37 | Predicting Solar Heat Production to Optimize Renewable Energy Usage | Tatiana Boura, Natalia Koliou, George Meramveliotakis, Stasinos Konstantopoulos and George Kosmadakis 
 P43 | Constrained LLM-based Query Generation for Question Answering on Official Statistics | Jonas Kouwenhoven, Lucas Lageweg and Benno Kruit 
 P45 | License plate images generation with diffusion models | Mariia Shpir, Nadiya Shvai and Amir Nakib 
 P46 | Entity Matching Across Small Networks Using Node Attributes | Zahra Ahmadi, Zijian Zhang, Hoang H. Nguyen, Sergio Burdisso, Srikanth Madikeri, Petr Motlicek, Erinc Dikici, Gerhard Backfried, Marek Kovac, Kvetoslav Maly and Daniel Kudenko 
 P47 | Novelty Accommodating Multi-Agent Planning in High Fidelity Simulated Open World | James Chao, Wiktor Piotrowski, Roni Stern, Héctor Ortiz-Peña, Mitch Manzanares, Shiwali Mohan and Douglas Lange 
 P48 | A Data-Driven Approach Supporting Location Decisions for Docking Stations in Bike-Sharing Systems | Blerina Spahiu, Daniela Briola, Riccardo Sartori and Giuseppe Vizzari 
 P49 | iSee: Advancing Multi-Shot Explainable AI Using Case-based Recommendations | Anjana Wijekoon, Nirmalie Wiratunga, David Corsar, Kyle Martin, Ikechukwu Nkisi-Orji, Chamath Palihawadana, Marta Caro-Martínez, Belen Díaz-Agudo, Derek Bridge and Anne Liret 
 P52 | Automated Impact Echo Spectrum Classification using U-Net Autoencoder | Artur Liebert, Fabian Dethof, Sylvia Keßler and Oliver Niggemann 
 P53 | GIF: An Automated Genomic Information Finder to Extract Data from Reports | Pavithra Rajendran, Alexandros Zenonos, Sebin Sabu, Anastasia Spiridou, Helena Spiridou Goncalves, Nastazja Laskowski, Daniel Key, Shiren Patel, Rebecca Pope and Neil Sebire 
 P54 | ConspEmoLLM: Conspiracy Theory Detection Using an Emotion-Based Large Language Model | Zhiwei Liu, Boyang Liu, Paul Thompson, Kailai Yang and Sophia Ananiadou 
 P57 | Graphite: A Graph-based Extreme Multi-Label Short Text Classifier for Keyphrase Recommendation | Ashirbad Mishra, Soumik Dey, Jinyu Zhao, Hansi Wu, Binbin Li and Kamesh Madduri 
 P60 | Enhancing Manufacturing Knowledge Access with LLMs and Context-aware Prompting | Sebastian Monka, Stefan Schmid, Irlan Grangel-Gonzalez, Lavdim Halilaj, Marc Rickart, Oliver Rudolph and Rui Dias 
 P62 | Improving Process Yield through Manufacturing Digital Twin using Conditional Synthetic Data Engine (COSYNE) | Shantanu Chandra, Matthieu Duvinage, Pks Prakash, Patrick Davis and Sander Timmer 
 P64 | Estimating the Time of Arrival of a Shipment with Machine Learning | Francesco Gibellini, Bart van Gool, Murat Firat and Stefano Bromuri 
 P68 | Federated Online Learning for Heavy Hitter Detection | Paula Silva, João Vinagre and Joao Gama 
 P70 | Frisbees and Dogs: Domain Adaptation For Object Detection with Limited Labels in Rugby Data | Will Connors, Ellen Rushe and Anthony Ventresque 
 P73 | Match'In - Pilot project of an algorithm-based decision support system for individualized recommendations of municipalities for the integration of refugees | Christian Sauer, Carsten Wenzel, Katharina Euler, Sonja Reinhold, Frank Wuttke and Björn Oitmann 
 P76 | Reverse engineering of vinyl acetate polymerizations by genetic algorithm-based multi-objective optimization | Jelena Fiosina, Philipp Sievers, Marco Drache and Sabine Beuermann 
 P80 | X-Vent: ICU Ventilation with Explainable Model-Based Reinforcement Learning | Farhad Safaei, Miloš Nenadović, Roman Liessner, Raphael Theilen, Jakob Wittenstein, Jens Lehmann and Sahar Vahdati 
 P85 | Adaptive Context Embedding for Temperature Prediction in Residential Buildings | Sai Sushanth Varma Kalidindi, Hadi Banaee, Hans Karlsson and Amy Loutfi 
 P86 | Leveraging User-Generated Reviews for Recommender Systems with Dynamic Headers | Shanu Vashishtha, Abhay Kumar, Lalitesh Morishetti, Kaushiki Nag and Kannan Achan 
 P87 | Fuzzy Ensemble Learning and Lightweight CNN for stress classification | Katarzyna Baran 
 P88 | Physics-Assisted Explainable Anomaly Detection in Power Systems | Matthew Lau, Fahad Alsaeed, Kayla Thames, Nano Suresettakul, Saman Zonouz, Wenke Lee and Athanasios P Meliopoulos 
 P90 | AI Personalized Interactive Fiction for Young Children | Jasmine Lesner, Luke Murayama, Tony Guizar, Poom Phunjamaneechot and Daniel Shapiro 
 P93 | Generative Pretrained Embedding and Hierarchical Irregular Time Series Representation for Daily Living Activity Recognition | Damien Bouchabou and Sao Mai Nguyen 
 P101 | Label Attention Network for Temporal Sets Prediction: You Were Looking at a Wrong Self-Attention | Elizaveta Kovtun, Galina Boeva, Andrey Shulga and Alexey Zaytsev 

 SPONSORSHIP  
   
 THANK YOU TO OUR SPONSORS!  
 Thanks to the sponsors who are already supporting ECAI2024. Together we are making Santiago de Compostela the world capital of AI during 19-24 October 2024.  
 Main Partners  

 Platinum Sponsors  

 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsors  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 Institutional Sponsorships  

 Organised by  

 Hosted by  

 Media accreditation & Press Inquiries  
 If you are a journalist interested in covering the ECAI 2024 conference, please contact our press office for media relations. We will assist you with any inquiries and guide you through the accreditation process to obtain your press pass for the event.  
 Contact us at   
     press@ecai2024.eu     +34 881 81 64 11    
   
 we are listening  
        I have read and agree to the PRIVACY POLICY   Send    

 Contact  e-mail: technicalsecretariat@ecai2024.eu    
  Follow us    
   
 Pictures courtesy of Fundación Cidade da Cultura and Santiagoturismo    
   
 2023 © 27th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence ECAI 2024  Privacy policy & Cookie policy    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

35. Conference EC-TEL_1:
Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
  Menu               

 EA-TEL Association | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL Conference | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS Summer School | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL Project | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 

 ECTEL 2025  
   
 Home 
  ECTEL 

 ECTEL 2025  

 We are excited to announce that the 20th European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning (ECTEL) will take place in Newcastle and Durham, UK, in September 2025. As the flagship event of EATEL, ECTEL is one of the premier global conferences in the field of Technology Enhanced Learning. It brings together researchers, practitioners, educators, entrepreneurs, industry leaders, and policymakers to explore the latest challenges and innovations in TEL. Stay tuned for more details coming soon!  

 By Manisha Khulbe |   15/11/2024 |   ECTEL  .  Organization   |     
       
  Previous  Call for Hosts for ECTEL'25 (20th Anniversary Edition)  

  Next  JTELSS 2025  

 SEARCH ON EATEL  
 Search for:      

 Recent Posts  
 JTELSS 2025 
  ECTEL 2025 
  Call for Hosts for ECTEL’25 (20th Anniversary Edition) 
  Call for bids to host JTELSS25 
  IAALDE best papers at ECTEL 2024 

 Archives  
 Archives  Select Month  November 2024 (2)  June 2024 (2)  March 2024 (1)  February 2024 (1)  January 2024 (1)  November 2023 (2)  July 2023 (1)  June 2023 (1)  May 2023 (1)  January 2023 (1)  December 2022 (2)  July 2022 (1)  June 2022 (1)  February 2022 (1)  January 2022 (2)  August 2021 (1)  June 2021 (2)  April 2021 (1)  February 2021 (2)  January 2021 (1)  November 2020 (1)  October 2020 (2)  August 2020 (2)  July 2020 (1)  June 2020 (1)  April 2020 (2)  March 2020 (1)  February 2020 (1)  January 2020 (2)  November 2019 (2)  January 2019 (1)  December 2018 (2)  November 2018 (3)  October 2018 (6)  September 2018 (1)  August 2018 (1)  July 2018 (2)  June 2018 (3)  May 2018 (1)  March 2018 (2)  January 2018 (1)  December 2017 (2)  November 2017 (5)  October 2017 (1)  August 2017 (1)  June 2017 (2)  May 2017 (2)  April 2017 (2)  March 2017 (2)  February 2017 (3)  January 2017 (2)  May 2016 (2)  April 2016 (3)  March 2016 (2)  January 2016 (1)  December 2015 (1)  September 2015 (4)  June 2015 (1)  May 2015 (8)  March 2015 (1)  February 2015 (1)  January 2015 (5)  December 2014 (1)  November 2014 (1)  October 2014 (5)  September 2014 (2)  July 2014 (3)  June 2014 (9)  May 2013 (2)  March 2013 (3)  January 2013 (1)  December 2012 (1)  September 2012 (2)  May 2012 (1)  February 2012 (1)  December 2011 (1)  November 2011 (1)  October 2011 (2)  August 2011 (1)     

   Join EATEL       

 EATEL  
 About EATEL 
  EATEL Board 
  Institutional Members 
  Join Us 

 Activities  
 Special Interest Groups 
  Webinars 

 Events  
 ECTEL Conference 
  JTEL Summer School 
  DE-TEL Project 

 Contact  
 Address: Langwartweg 60, 53129 Bonn, Germany  
 Email: office@ea-tel.eu  

 TOP    
 2024 Copyright © EATEL - European Association of Technology Enhanced Learning   

   EA-TEL | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 
  Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
    
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

    
Call for papers data: 
 Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
  Menu               

 EA-TEL Association | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL Conference | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS Summer School | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL Project | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 

 IAALDE best papers at ECTEL 2024  
   
 Home 
  ECTEL 

 IAALDE best papers at ECTEL 2024  

 IAALDE  
 The International Alliance to Advance Learning in the Digital Era ( IAALDE  ), comprising 12 esteemed societies, aims to amplify the visibility and impact of research in the field of digital learning through the exchange of scientific papers as a major mechanism to support cross-disciplinary science communication.  

 BEST papers at ECTEL 2024  
 EATEL, as a member of IAALDE and co-organizer of ECTEL 2024  , is honored to host the presentation of two prestigious award-winning papers!  

 These exceptional papers exemplify the cutting-edge research and innovation within our community, and we are proud to share them with the ECTEL 2024 audience. We extend our heartfelt congratulations to all the authors and express our gratitude for their invaluable contributions to advancing learning in the digital era!  

 Experimental Comparison of Promotion Effect for EFL Reading Comprehension between Conventional Summarization and Toulmin Argument Reconstruction  
  
 Authors: Banni Satria Andoko, Rosa Andrie Asmara, Vivin Ayu Lestari, Deasy Sandhya Elya Ikawati, Arief Prasetyo (Information Technology Dept, State Polytechnic of Malang, Indonesia); Tsukasa Hirashima and Yusuke Hayashi (Graduate School of Advanced Science and Engineering, Hiroshima University, Japan)  
 Best overall paper at the 31st International Conference on Computers in Education ( ICCE 2023  )  
  Association: The Asia Pacific Society for Computers in Education ( APSCE  )  

 Supporting collective inquiry in a critical action game: A role for open AI conversational agents  
  
 Authors: Kathy H. Zhou (OISE, University of Toronto), Charlie Pullen (University of Toronto Schools), Jeff Holmes (Convai), and James D. Slotta (OISE, University of Toronto)  
 International Society of the Learning Sciences Technology Innovation Award 2023, Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning ( CSCL  )  
  Association: International Society for the Learning Sciences ( ISLS  )  

 By Mikhail Forminykh  |   12/03/2024 |   ECTEL  .  Organization   |     
       
  Previous  Collaboration with JCAL  

  Next  Call for Hosts for ECTEL'25 (20th Anniversary Edition)  

 SEARCH ON EATEL  
 Search for:      

 Recent Posts  
 JTELSS 2025 
  ECTEL 2025 
  Call for Hosts for ECTEL’25 (20th Anniversary Edition) 
  Call for bids to host JTELSS25 
  IAALDE best papers at ECTEL 2024 

 Archives  
 Archives  Select Month  November 2024 (2)  June 2024 (2)  March 2024 (1)  February 2024 (1)  January 2024 (1)  November 2023 (2)  July 2023 (1)  June 2023 (1)  May 2023 (1)  January 2023 (1)  December 2022 (2)  July 2022 (1)  June 2022 (1)  February 2022 (1)  January 2022 (2)  August 2021 (1)  June 2021 (2)  April 2021 (1)  February 2021 (2)  January 2021 (1)  November 2020 (1)  October 2020 (2)  August 2020 (2)  July 2020 (1)  June 2020 (1)  April 2020 (2)  March 2020 (1)  February 2020 (1)  January 2020 (2)  November 2019 (2)  January 2019 (1)  December 2018 (2)  November 2018 (3)  October 2018 (6)  September 2018 (1)  August 2018 (1)  July 2018 (2)  June 2018 (3)  May 2018 (1)  March 2018 (2)  January 2018 (1)  December 2017 (2)  November 2017 (5)  October 2017 (1)  August 2017 (1)  June 2017 (2)  May 2017 (2)  April 2017 (2)  March 2017 (2)  February 2017 (3)  January 2017 (2)  May 2016 (2)  April 2016 (3)  March 2016 (2)  January 2016 (1)  December 2015 (1)  September 2015 (4)  June 2015 (1)  May 2015 (8)  March 2015 (1)  February 2015 (1)  January 2015 (5)  December 2014 (1)  November 2014 (1)  October 2014 (5)  September 2014 (2)  July 2014 (3)  June 2014 (9)  May 2013 (2)  March 2013 (3)  January 2013 (1)  December 2012 (1)  September 2012 (2)  May 2012 (1)  February 2012 (1)  December 2011 (1)  November 2011 (1)  October 2011 (2)  August 2011 (1)     

   Join EATEL       

 EATEL  
 About EATEL 
  EATEL Board 
  Institutional Members 
  Join Us 

 Activities  
 Special Interest Groups 
  Webinars 

 Events  
 ECTEL Conference 
  JTEL Summer School 
  DE-TEL Project 

 Contact  
 Address: Langwartweg 60, 53129 Bonn, Germany  
 Email: office@ea-tel.eu  

 TOP    
 2024 Copyright © EATEL - European Association of Technology Enhanced Learning   

   EA-TEL | EATEL Board 
  Membership | Institutional members 
  Individual Members 
  Member Services 
  EATEL Statutes 
  EATEL General Assemblies | EATEL General Assembly 2023 
  SIG | Educational Robots & Robotics – SIG EduRobotX 
  Technology Enhanced Learning Curricula and Programs – SIG CUPTEL 
  SIG Serious Games and Gamification (SeGaGa) 
  SIG Artificial Intelligence for & in Education (AI4Ed) 
  Past SIGs | SIG Wearable-Enhanced Learning (WELL) 
  SIG JTEL Doctoral Academy 
  SIG EC-TEL Advisory Board 
  SIG Open Content for Business and Management 
  SIG dataTEL – Data-driven Research and Learning Analytics 
  SIG Remote Labs and Online Experimentation 
  SIG Technology Enhanced Assessment and Feedback 
  ECTEL | ECTEL 2024 
  Previous editions | ECTEL 2023 
  ECTEL 2022 
  ECTEL 2021 
  JTELSS | JTELSS 2025 
  Previous editions | JTELSS 2024 
  JTELSS 2023 
  JTELSS 2022 
  JTELSS 2020 (canceled) 
  JTELSS 2019 
  JTELSS 2018 
  JTELSS 2017 
  JTELSS 2016 
  JTELSS 2015 
  JTELSS 2014 
  JTELSS 2013 
  JTELSS 2012 
  JTELSS 2011 
  JTELSS 2010 
  JTELSS 2009 
  JTELSS 2008 
  JTELSS 2007 
  JTELSS 2006 
  JTELSS 2005 
  DE-TEL | DETEL multiplier event in Portugal 
  Open Webinar on Doctoral Education in Technology Enhanced Learning 
  DETEL at ECTEL22 
  DETEL multiplier event in Spain 
  DETEL multiplier event in Greece 
  DETEL at JTELSS22 
  DETEL Webinars 2021 
  DETEL program 
  DETEL Survey 
  DETEL survey results 
  TEL doctoral training in Europe 
  DETEL report 
  DETEL Book 
  DETEL publications 
  News | Webinars 
  Home 
  Join Us 
  Imprint 
  Legal 
  Contact 
    
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie Settings  Accept All    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT    

     Important dates data: 
undefined

36. Conference ECAI_3:
27TH EUROPEAN CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
 19-24 OCTOBER 2024  
  Santiago de Compostela  

 NEWS 
  REGISTRATION 
  SPONSORSHIPS | CONFERENCE SPONSORS   SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
  PROGRAMME | SCHEDULE AT A GLANCE   DETAILED SCHEDULE   KEYNOTE SPEAKERS   DISSERTATION AWARD TALK   PAIS INVITED SPEAKER   FRONTIERS IN AI   PANELS AND SPECIAL SESSIONS   DEMOS AND OUTREACH ACTIVITIES   BIRDS OF A FEATHER SESSIONS   WORLD COMPUTER CHESS CHAMPIONSHIPS   WORKSHOPS   TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   ACCEPTED PAPERS   SOCIAL PROGRAMME 
  CALLS | CALL FOR MAIN-TRACK PAPERS   CALL FOR PAIS PAPERS   CALL FOR DEMOS   CALL FOR WORKSHOPS   CALL FOR TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   LUNCH WITH A EURAI FELLOW   JOURNAL TRACK   Call for Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) Sessions 
  COMMITTEES | CHAIRS   ORGANIZING COMMITTEE   AREA CHAIRS   SENIOR PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PAIS COMMITTEE   DEMO TRACK COMMITTEE   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM COMMITTEE   ADDITIONAL REVIEWERS 
  AWARDS | DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD   DISSERTATION AWARD   OUTSTANDING PAPER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING DEMO AWARD   OUTSTANDING PC MEMBER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING SPC MEMBER AWARDS 
  ATTENDING | SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA   VENUES   ATTENDANCE POLICY   ACCOMMODATION   TRAVEL GRANTS   POSTER PRINTING AND ASSISTANCE   CONFERENCE APP   TRANSPORT   CODE OF CONDUCT   MULTIMEDIA REPOSITORY 
  CONTACT 
   
 We are social:         

 Workshops  
   
 The pre-conference programme on 19-20 October 2024 will include a great variety of workshops on specific topics in AI. Most workshops will have their submission deadlines in May.   
  
 Workshop name | Workshop length | Day | Workshop website | am/pm 
 International Workshop on AI in Education and Educational Research (AIEER)  Francisco Bellas, Oscar Fontenla, Jens Dörpinghaus and Michael Tiemann | 1.5 | Saturday + Sunday | Go to website | am Sunday 
 Workshop on Intelligent Management Information Systems (IMIS)  Marcin Hernes, Jarosław Wątróbski and Artur Rot | 2 | Saturday + Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Social Choice for AI Ethics and Safety 2024 Europe (SC4AI'24e)  Vincent Conitzer, Jobst Heitzig and Wesley Holliday | 2 | Saturday + Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Weakly Supervised and Cautious Learning: Bridging Machine Learning and Uncertainty Management (WSCL)  Andrea Campagner, Davide Ciucci, Sébastien Destercke and Luciano Sànchez | 2 | Saturday + Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Highlights of Reasoning about Actions, Planning and Reactive Synthesis (ActSynt)  Giuseppe De Giacomo, Antonio Di Stasio and Shufang Zhu | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Implementing AI Ethics through a Behavioural Lens (AIEB)  Marija Slavkovik, Ali Ozkes, Luca Nannini, Caroline Friedman Levy and Annabel Gillard | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on AI in Finance (AIFin)  Alberto Pozanco, Parisa Zehtabi, Giuseppe Canonaco and Fernando Fernandez | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on the European AI-on Demand Platform: Applications, Services and Demonstrations (AIOD)  Barry O'Sullivan, Antti Ainamo, Jennifer Renoux and Gabriel González-Castañé | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 4th Workshop on Agents and Robots for Reliable Engineered Autonomy (AREA)  Angelo Ferrando and Rafael C. Cardoso | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 13th International Workshop on Agents in Traffic and Transportation (ATT)  Ana Bazzan, Ivana Dusparic, Marin Lujak and Giuseppe Vizzari | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Classifier Learning From Difficult Data (CLD2)  Pawel Ksieniewicz, Michal Wozniak and Pawel Zyblewski | 0.5 | Saturday | Go to website | am Saturday 
 2nd Workshop on Data Fusion for Artificial Intelligence (DAFUSAI)  Graçaliz Dimuro, Humberto Bustince, Javier Fernandez, Cedric Marco-Detchart, Tiago Asmus and Helida Santos | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 4th Workshop on Data Meets Applied Ontologies in Explainable AI (DAO-XAI IV)  Roberto Confalonieri, Oliver Kutz, Diego Calvanese, Dagmar Gromann, Andreas Holzinger | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Evolutionary Dynamics in Social, Cooperative and Hybrid AI (EDAI)  Tom Lenaerts, Elias Fernández Domingos, The Anh Han, Chaitanya Gokhale, Ana Paiva and Paolo Turrini | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 12th Workshop on "What can FCA do for Artificial Intelligence?" (FCA4AI)  Sergei O. Kuznetsov, Amedeo Napoli and Sebastian Rudolph | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Embracing Human-Aware AI in Industry 5.0 (HAII5.0)  Slawomir Nowaczyk, Myra Spiliopoulou, Marco Ragni and Olga Fink | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 3rd International Workshop on Process Management in the AI Era (PMAI)  Valeria Fionda, Giuseppe De Giacomo, Fabiana Fournier, Lior Limonad, Marco Montali and Antonio Ielo | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Qualitative Reasoning (QR)  Diedrich Wolter and Zoe Falomir | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on AI Value Engineering and AI Compliance Mechanisms (VECOMP)  Nardine Osman, Luc Steels, Ken Satoh, Jean-Gabriel Ganascia, Gauvain Bourgne and Adrian Paschke | 1 | Saturday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Multimodal, Affective, and Interactive Explainable AI (MAI-XAI)  Oana Mitrut, Zach Anthis, Gabriela Moise, Alin Moldoveanu, Florica Moldoveanu, Rafael Berlanga, Alejandro Catalá, Aitor Soroa, Jose María Alonso-Moral, Philipp Cimiano, Eyke Hüllermeier, Peter Flach, Tim Miller, Kacper Sokol | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Adjustable Autonomy and Physical Embodied Intelligence (AAPEI)  Fabio Patrizi, Marco Roveri, Luigi Palopoli, Carlo Masone, Giuseppe Bruno Averta, Raffaello Camoriano and Francesca Pistilli | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 2nd Workshop on Fairness and Bias in AI (AEQUITAS)  Roberta Calegari, Virginia Dignum and Barry O'Sullivan | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Artificial Intelligence in Supply Chain Management (AISUCMA)  Christopher Expósito-Izquierdo, Israel López-Plata and Airam Expósito-Márquez | 0.5 | Sunday | Go to website | am Sunday 
 The First Workshop on Natural Language Argument-Based Explanations (ArgNLE)  Elena Cabrio, Rodrigo Agerri, Bernardo Magnini, Marcin Lewinsky, Marie-Francine Moens and Serena Villata | 0.5 | Sunday | Go to website | pm Sunday 
 Workshop on Countering Disinformation with Artificial Intelligence (CODAI)  Rajesh Sharma and Anselmo Peñas | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Composite AI (CompAI)  Filip Dvořák, Lukáš Chrpa, Roman Barták, Michael Youngblood, Martin Suda, Tomáš Balyo and Stephan Gocht | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Artificial Intelligence and Creativity (CREAI)  Allegra De Filippo, Valentina Presutti, Francois Pachet and Luc Steels | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Explainable Artificial Intelligence for the Medical Domain (EXPLIMED)  Gianluca Zaza, Gabriella Casalino and Giovanna Castellano | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 3rd International Workshop on HYbrid Models for Coupling Deductive and Inductive ReAsoning (HYDRA)  Francesco Calimeri, Giorgio Terracina, Pierangela Bruno, Francesco Cauteruccio and Weronika T. Adrian | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Language Understanding in the Human-Machine Era (LUHME)  Rui Sousa-Silva, Henrique Lopes Cardoso, Maarit Koponen, Antonio Pareja-Lora and Márta Seresi | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 15th Multidisciplinary Workshop on Advances in Preference Handling (M-PREF)  Ulrich Junker and Anaëlle Wilczynski | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 Machine Learning Meets Differential Equations: From Theory to Applications (ML-DE)  Cecília Coelho, Luís Ferrás, Fernanda Costa, Bernd Zimmering and Oliver Niggemann | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Multi-Objective Decision Making 2024 (MODeM)  Patrick Mannion, Roxana Radulescu, Willem Röpke and Pieter Libin | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  
 Workshop on Trustworthy Sequential Decision-making and Optimization (TSDO)  Hendrik Baier, Laurens Bliek, Zaharah Bukhsh, Isel Grau, Yaoxin Wu and Yingqian Zhang | 0.5 | Sunday | Go to website | am Sunday 
 Workshop on the History of AI in Europe (WHAI@EU)  Ulises Cortés and Cristian Barrué | 0.5 | Sunday | Go to website | pm Sunday 
 First workshop on eXtended Reality & Intelligent Agents (XRIA)  Daniela Briola, Viviana Mascardi and Yan Feng | 1 | Sunday | Go to website |  

 SPONSORSHIP  
   
 THANK YOU TO OUR SPONSORS!  
 Thanks to the sponsors who are already supporting ECAI2024. Together we are making Santiago de Compostela the world capital of AI during 19-24 October 2024.  
 Main Partners  

 Platinum Sponsors  

 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsors  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 Institutional Sponsorships  

 Organised by  

 Hosted by  

 Media accreditation & Press Inquiries  
 If you are a journalist interested in covering the ECAI 2024 conference, please contact our press office for media relations. We will assist you with any inquiries and guide you through the accreditation process to obtain your press pass for the event.  
 Contact us at   
     press@ecai2024.eu     +34 881 81 64 11    
   
 we are listening  
        I have read and agree to the PRIVACY POLICY   Send    

 Contact  e-mail: technicalsecretariat@ecai2024.eu    
  Follow us    
   
 Pictures courtesy of Fundación Cidade da Cultura and Santiagoturismo    
   
 2023 © 27th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence ECAI 2024  Privacy policy & Cookie policy    

  
Call for papers data: 
   

 27TH EUROPEAN CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
 19-24 OCTOBER 2024  
  Santiago de Compostela  

 NEWS 
  REGISTRATION 
  SPONSORSHIPS | CONFERENCE SPONSORS   SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES 
  PROGRAMME | SCHEDULE AT A GLANCE   DETAILED SCHEDULE   KEYNOTE SPEAKERS   DISSERTATION AWARD TALK   PAIS INVITED SPEAKER   FRONTIERS IN AI   PANELS AND SPECIAL SESSIONS   DEMOS AND OUTREACH ACTIVITIES   BIRDS OF A FEATHER SESSIONS   WORLD COMPUTER CHESS CHAMPIONSHIPS   WORKSHOPS   TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   ACCEPTED PAPERS   SOCIAL PROGRAMME 
  CALLS | CALL FOR MAIN-TRACK PAPERS   CALL FOR PAIS PAPERS   CALL FOR DEMOS   CALL FOR WORKSHOPS   CALL FOR TUTORIALS   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM   LUNCH WITH A EURAI FELLOW   JOURNAL TRACK   Call for Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) Sessions 
  COMMITTEES | CHAIRS   ORGANIZING COMMITTEE   AREA CHAIRS   SENIOR PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PROGRAMME COMMITTEE   PAIS COMMITTEE   DEMO TRACK COMMITTEE   DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM COMMITTEE   ADDITIONAL REVIEWERS 
  AWARDS | DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD   DISSERTATION AWARD   OUTSTANDING PAPER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING DEMO AWARD   OUTSTANDING PC MEMBER AWARDS   OUTSTANDING SPC MEMBER AWARDS 
  ATTENDING | SANTIAGO DE COMPOSTELA   VENUES   ATTENDANCE POLICY   ACCOMMODATION   TRAVEL GRANTS   POSTER PRINTING AND ASSISTANCE   CONFERENCE APP   TRANSPORT   CODE OF CONDUCT   MULTIMEDIA REPOSITORY 
  CONTACT 
   
 We are social:         

 ACCEPTED PAPERS  

 Main track 
  Journal track 
  Demo track 
  PAIS 
    
 Main Track  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 M11 | Artwork Protection Against Neural Style Transfer Using Locally Adaptive Adversarial Color Attack | Zhongliang Guo, Junhao Dong, Yifei Qian, Kaixuan Wang, Weiye Li, Ziheng Guo, Yuheng Wang, Yanli Li, Ognjen Arandjelović and Lei Fang 
 M21 | TSFool: Crafting Highly-Imperceptible Adversarial Time Series through Multi-Objective Attack | Yanyun Wang, Dehui Du, Haibo Hu, Zi Liang and Yuanhao Liu 
 M31 | Axiomatic Characterisations of Sample-based Explanations | Leila Amgoud, Martin Cooper and Salim Debbaoui 
 M53 | Breaking the Weak Semantics Bottleneck of Transformers in Time Series Forecasting | Ziang Yang, Biyu Zhou, Xuehai Tang, Ruixuan Li and Songlin Hu 
 M54 | Covered for Life: Lifelong Area Coverage under Spatiotemporal Uncertainty | Charlie Street and Masoumeh Mansouri 
 M69 | I-adapt: Using IoU Adapter to improve pseudo labels in cross-domain object detection | Qifeng Zhang, Changjian Chen, Zhizhong Liu and Zhuo Tang 
 M87 | Efficient Model-Stealing Attacks Against Inductive Graph Neural Networks | Marcin Podhajski, Jan Dubiński, Franziska Boenisch, Adam Dziedzic, Agnieszka Pregowska and Tomasz Michalak 
 M98 | Detect Closer Surfaces that can be Seen: New Modeling and Evaluation in Cross-domain 3D Object Detection | Ruixiao Zhang, Yihong Wu, Juheon Lee, Xiaohao Cai and Adam Prugel-Bennett 
 M102 | FlowLearn: Evaluating Large Vision-Language Models on Flowchart Understanding | Huitong Pan, Qi Zhang, Cornelia Caragea, Eduard Dragut and Longin Jan Latecki 
 M103 | TopFormer: Topology-Aware Authorship Attribution of Deepfake Texts with Diverse Writing Styles | Adaku Uchendu, Thai Le and Dongwon Lee 
 M108 | Learning A Closed-Loop Bidirectional Scale-Recurrent Network for Image Deraining | Peizhou Huang, Zixuan Zhong, Pengjie Wang, Xiangyu Wang and Xiang Chen 
 M109 | Rejection in Abstract Argumentation: Harder Than Acceptance? | Johannes K. Fichte, Markus Hecher, Yasir Mahmood and Arne Meier 
 M121 | Comateformer : Combined Attention Transformer for Semantic Sentence Matching [not presented] | Bo Li, Di Liang and Zixin Zhang 
 M122 | Matching Gains with Pays: Effective and Fair Learning in Multi-Agent Public Goods Dilemmas | Yitian Chen, Xuan Liu, Shigeng Zhang, Xinning Chen and Song Guo 
 M125 | FlexSSL : A Generic and Efficient Framework for Semi-Supervised Learning | Qin Huiling, Xianyuan Zhan, Yuanxun Li and Yu Zheng 
 M129 | Sanitizing Hidden Information with Diffusion Models | Preston K. Robinette, Daniel Moyer and Taylor T. Johnson 
 M130 | Search, Examine and Early-Termination: Fake News Detection with Annotation-Free Evidences | Yuzhou Yang, Yangming Zhou, Qichao Ying, Zhenxing Qian and Xinpeng Zhang 
 M134 | Towards Human-like Trajectory Prediction for Autonomous Driving: A Cognitive-inspired Lightweight Model | Haicheng Liao, Yongkang Li, Zhenning Li, Chengyue Wang, Guofa Li, Chunlin Tian, Zilin Bian, Kaiqun Zhu, Zhiyong Cui and Jia Hu 
 M154 | Adapt PointFormer: 3D Point Cloud Analysis via Adapting 2D Visual Transformers | Mengke Li, Da Li, Guoqing Yang, Yiu-Ming Cheung and Hui Huang 
 M159 | Empowering Biomedical Named Entity Recognition through Multi-Tagger Collaboration | Jin Zhao, Jian Xie, Tinghui Zhu, Qian Guo, Yanghua Xiao and Zhixu Li 
 M199 | FMViT: A multiple-frequency mixing Vision Transformer | Wei Tan, Yifeng Geng and Xuansong Xie 
 M205 | TrustMIS: Trust-Enhanced Inference Framework for Medical Imaging Segmentation | Fuyi Wang, Jinzhi Ouyang, Lei Pan, Leo Yu Zhang, Xiaoning Liu, Yanping Wang and Robin Doss 
 M206 | An Animation-based Augmentation Approach for Action Recognition from Discontinuous Video | Xingyu Song, Zhan Li, Shi Chen, Xin-Qiang Cai and Kazuyuki Demachi 
 M207 | Revocable Backdoor for Deep Model Trading | Yiran Xu, Nan Zhong, Zhenxing Qian and Xinpeng Zhang 
 M209 | SUBLLM: A Novel Efficient Architecture with Token Sequence Subsampling for LLM | Quandong Wang, Yuxuan Yuan, Xiaoyu Yang, Ruike Zhang, Kang Zhao, Wei Liu, Jian Luan, Daniel Povey and Bin Wang 
 M211 | Quater-GCN: Enhancing 3D Human Pose Estimation with Orientation and Semi-supervised Training | Xingyu Song, Zhan Li, Shi Chen and Kazuyuki Demachi 
 M215 | TEOcc: Radar-camera Multi-modal Occupancy Prediction via Temporal Enhancement | Zhiwei Lin, Hongbo Jin, Yongtao Wang, Yufei Wei and Nan Dong 
 M233 | Extending Context Window of Attention based Knowledge Tracing Models via Length Extrapolation | Xueyi Li, Youheng Bai, Teng Guo, Ying Zheng, Mingliang Hou, Bojun Zhan, Yaying Huang, Zitao Liu, Boyu Gao and Weiqi Luo 
 M234 | Enhancing Node Representations for Real-World Complex Networks with Topological Augmentation | Xiangyu Zhao, Zehui Li, Mingzhu Shen, Guy-Bart Stan, Pietro Liò and Yiren Zhao 
 M248 | Backward explanations via redefinition of predicates | Léo Saulières, Martin C. Cooper and Florence Dupin de Saint-Cyr 
 M249 | HAIformer: Human-AI Collaboration Framework for Disease Diagnosis via Doctor-Enhanced Transformer | Xuehan Zhao, Jiaqi Liu, Yao Zhang, Zhiwen Yu and Bin Guo 
 M252 | Cautious Calibration in Binary Classification | Mari-Liis Allikivi, Joonas Järve and Meelis Kull 
 M255 | Enhancing Fairness through Reweighting: A Path to Attain the Sufficiency Rule | Xuan Zhao, Klaus Broelemann, Salvatore Ruggieri and Gjergji Kasneci 
 M263 | Resistance Against Manipulative AI: key factors and possible actions | Piotr Wilczyński, Wiktoria Mieleszczenko-Kowszewicz and Przemysław Biecek 
 M264 | Connecting Permutation Equivariant Neural Networks and Partition Diagrams | Edward Pearce-Crump 
 M265 | Interactive and Iterative Peer Assessment | Lihi Dery 
 M267 | Deep Learning for in vivo Bronchial Carinae Detection in Flexible Bronchoscopy | Robin Ghyselinck, Valentin Delchevalerie, Pierre Poitier, Benoît Frénay and Bruno Dumas 
 M268 | Improving Calibration by Relating Focal Loss, Temperature Scaling, and Properness | Viacheslav Komisarenko and Meelis Kull 
 M269 | Rethinking Domain Generalization from Perspective of Gradient Granularity [not presented] | Yujie Zhou, Haigen Hu, Qianwei Zhou, Qiu Guan and Mingfeng Jiang 
 M271 | Artificial Agents Facilitate Human Cooperation through Indirect Reciprocity | Alexandre S. Pires and Fernando P. Santos 
 M278 | Explorative Imitation Learning: A Path Signature Approach for Continuous Environments | Nathan Gavenski, Juarez Monteiro Dos Santos Júnior, Felipe Meneguzzi, Michael Luck and Odinaldo Rodrigues 
 M283 | SinLane: Siamese Visual Transformer via Pyramid Feature Integration for Lane Detection | Zinan Lv, Dong Han, Wenzhe Wang and Danny Chen 
 M295 | RADAr: A Transformer-based Autoregressive Decoder Architecture for Hierarchical Text Classification | Yousef Younes, Lukas Galke and Ansgar Scherp 
 M305 | Multiwinner Temporal Voting with Aversion to Change | Valentin Zech, Niclas Boehmer, Edith Elkind and Nicholas Teh 
 M314 | TransFeat-TPP: An Interpretable Deep Covariate Temporal Point Processes | Zizhuo Meng, Boyu Li, Xuhui Fan, Zhidong Li, Yang Wang, Fang Chen and Feng Zhou 
 M321 | WPN: An Unlearning Method Based on N-pair Contrastive Learning in Language Models | Chen Guitao, Wang Yunshen, Sun Hongye and Chen Guang 
 M328 | Planning with Logical Graph-based Language Model for Instruction Generation | Fan Zhang, Kebing Jin and Hankz Hankui Zhuo 
 M330 | Meta-mechanisms for Combinatorial Auctions over Social Networks | Yuan Fang, Mengxiao Zhang, Jiamou Liu and Bakh Khoussainov 
 M331 | Balancing Efficiency with Equality: Auction Design with Group Fairness Concerns | Fengjuan Jia, Mengxiao Zhang, Jiamou Liu and Bakh Khoussainov 
 M335 | SaccadeMOT: Enhancing Object Detection and Tracking in Gigapixel Images via Scale-Aware Density Estimation | Wenxi Li, Ruxin Zhang, Haozhe Lin, Yuchen Guo, Chao Ma and Xiaokang Yang 
 M346 | Molecular Topological Profile (MOLTOP) - Simple and Strong Baseline for Molecular Graph Classification | Jakub Adamczyk and Wojciech Czech 
 M348 | VANER: Leveraging Large Language Model for Versatile and Adaptive Biomedical Entity Recognition | Junyi Bian, Weiqi Zhai, Xiaodi Huang, Jiaxuan Zheng and Shanfeng Zhu 
 M351 | CPNet: 3D Semantic Relation and Geometry Context Prior Network for Multi-organ Segmentation | Yuzhu Ji, Mingshan Sun, Yiqun Zhang and Haijun Zhang 
 M352 | Hard to Explain: On the Computational Hardness of In-Distribution Model Interpretation | Guy Amir, Shahaf Bassan and Guy Katz 
 M355 | Video2Reward: Generating Reward Function from Videos for Legged Robot Behavior Learning | Runhao Zeng, Dingjie Zhou, Qiwei Liang, Junlin Liu, Hui Li, Changxin Huang, Jianqiang Li, Xiping Hu and Fuchun Sun 
 M360 | Task-Aware Dynamic Transformer for Efficient Arbitrary-Scale Image Super-Resolution | Tianyi Xu, Yijie Zhou, Xiaotao Hu, Kai Zhang, Anran Zhang, Xingye Qiu and Jun Xu 
 M361 | Aligning XAI with EU Regulations for Smart Biomedical Devices: A Methodology for Compliance Analysis | Francesco Sovrano, Michaël Lognoul and Giulia Vilone 
 M364 | General Lipschitz: Certified Robustness Against Resolvable Semantic Transformations via Transformation-Dependent Randomized Smoothing | Dmitrii Korzh, Mikhail Pautov, Olga Tsymboi and Ivan Oseledets 
 M367 | What model does MuZero learn? | Jinke He, Thomas Moerland, Joery de Vries and Frans Oliehoek 
 M368 | Resilient Graph Neural Networks: A Coupled Dynamical Systems Approach | Moshe Eliasof, Davide Murari, Ferdia Sherry and Carola-Bibiane Schönlieb 
 M371 | LoginMEA: Local-to-Global Interaction Network for Multi-modal Entity Alignment | Taoyu Su, Xinghua Zhang, Jiawei Sheng, Zhenyu Zhang and Tingwen Liu 
 M372 | Fully Hyperbolic Rotation for Knowledge Graph Embedding | Qiuyu Liang, Weihua Wang, Feilong Bao and Guanglai Gao 
 M379 | Escape Sensing Games: Detection-vs-Evasion in Security Applications | Niclas Boehmer, Minbiao Han, Haifeng Xu and Milind Tambe 
 M403 | DrDiff: Drug Response Prediction Through Controllable Diffusion-GE and Graph Attention Network | Seungyeon Choi, Sangmin Seo, Jonghwan Choi, Chihyun Park and Sanghyun Park 
 M404 | SPIN: SE(3)-Invariant Physics Informed Network for Binding Affinity Prediction | Seungyeon Choi, Sangmin Seo and Sanghyun Park 
 M414 | Maximally Permissive Reward Machines | Giovanni Varricchione, Natasha Alechina, Mehdi Dastani and Brian Logan 
 M422 | CSAdv: Class-Specific Adversarial Patches for DETR-style Object Detection | Yue Xu, Chuanming Wang, Xiaolong Zheng, Yi Huang, Peilun Du, Zeyuan Zhou, Liang Liu and Huadong Ma 
 M424 | Decision-Focused Learning to Predict Action Costs for Planning | Jayanta Mandi, Marco Foschini, Daniel Höller, Sylvie Thiebaux, Joerg Hoffmann and Tias Guns 
 M428 | PUFFLE: Balancing Privacy, Utility, and Fairness in Federated Learning | Luca Corbucci, Mikko A. Heikkilä, David Solans Noguero, Anna Monreale and Nicolas Kourtellis 
 M432 | Interpretation of the Intent Detection Problem as Dynamics in a Low-dimensional Space | Eduardo Sanchez-Karhunen, Jose F. Quesada-Moreno and Miguel A. Gutiérrez-Naranjo 
 M441 | On the Discovery of Conceptual Clustering Models through Pattern Mining | Motaz Ben Hassine, Said Jabbour, Mourad Kmimech, Badran Raddaoui and Mohamed Graiet 
 M443 | Hyperbolic Contrastive Learning for Document Representations - A Multi-View Approach with Paragraph-level Similarities | Jaeeun Nam, Ilias Chalkidis and Mina Rezaei 
 M445 | TabMedBERT: a Tabular Knowledge Enhanced Biomedical Pretrained Language Model | Xu Yan, Lei Geng, Ziqiang Cao, Juntao Li, Wenjie Li, Sujian Li, Xinjie Zhou, Yang Yang and Jun Zhang 
 M449 | SF-SER: An efficient speech-only model with semantic funnel for speech emotion recognition | Xiaoke Li and Zufan Zhang 
 M450 | Verifying the Selected Completely at Random Assumption in Positive-Unlabeled Learning | Paweł Teisseyre, Konrad Furmańczyk and Jan Mielniczuk 
 M451 | GLIMMER: Incorporating Graph and Lexical Features in Unsupervised Multi-Document Summarization | Ran Liu, Ming Liu, Min Yu, Jianguo Jiang, Gang Li, Dan Zhang, Jingyuan Li, Xiang Meng and Weiqing Huang 
 M452 | SAIE Framework: Support Alone Isn't Enough - Advancing LLM Training with Adversarial Remarks | Mengsay Loem, Masahiro Kaneko and Naoaki Okazaki 
 M457 | Semantic-level augmented unsupervised representation action learning based on motion manifold | Haichuan Zhao, Peng Du, Xudong Ru, Zhongke Wu and Xingce Wang 
 M458 | Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning for Alternating-Time Logic | Ernst Moritz Hahn, Mateo Perez, Sven Schewe, Fabio Somenzi, Ashutosh Trivedi and Dominik Wojtczak 
 M464 | TimeMachine: A Time Series is Worth 4 Mambas for Long-term Forecasting | Md Atik Ahamed and Qiang Cheng 
 M468 | Survival of the Fittest: Evolutionary Adaptation of Policies for Environmental Shifts | Sheryl Paul and Jyotirmoy Deshmukh 
 M470 | A Comprehensive Sustainable Framework for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence | Roberto Pagliari, Peter Hill, Po-Yu Chen, Maciej Dabrowny, Tingsheng Tan and Francois Buet-Golfouse 
 M471 | Enabling MCTS Explainability for Sequential Planning Through Computation Tree Logic | Ziyan An, Hendrik Baier, Abhishek Dubey, Ayan Mukhopadhyay and Meiyi Ma 
 M472 | Post-hoc Explanation of Extension Semantics | Leila Amgoud 
 M484 | Making Fair Classification via Correlation Alignment | Jingran Yang, Lingfeng Zhang and Min Zhang 
 M485 | Global Structural-Temporal Graph Network with Public Opinion for Online Rumor Detection | Tiening Sun, Zhong Qian, Peifeng Li and Qiaoming Zhu 
 M495 | JOSAL: Joint Learning Framework for Open-Set Active Learning | Jun Xie, Xiaohui Song, Yangjie Cao, Zhi Liu, Weiping Wang and Hongli Xu 
 M496 | Towards the New XAI: A Hypothesis-Driven Approach to Decision Support Using Evidence | Thao Le, Tim Miller, Liz Sonenberg and Ronal Singh 
 M497 | Individual Fairness with Group Constraints in Graph Neural Networks | Zichong Wang, David Ulloa, Tongjia Yu, Raju Rangaswami, Roland Yap and Wenbin Zhang 
 M500 | A Full DAG Score-Based Algorithm for Learning Causal Bayesian Networks with Latent Confounders | Christophe Gonzales and Amir-Hosein Valizadeh 
 M508 | Complex-Valued Gabor-Attention Residual Fusion Network for Iris Recognition | Zhuoru Li, Jian Xiao, Xiaowei Bai, Xiaodong Wang, Yingxi Li, Zhenyu Fang, Liang Xie, Ye Yan and Erwei Yin 
 M511 | TIGER: Temporally Improved Graph Entity Linker | Pengyu Zhang, Congfeng Cao and Paul Groth 
 M513 | Segmentation-Driven Image Enhancement Based on Deep Reinforcement Learning | Yihong Liu, Zishang Chen, Yukang Cui and Piji Li 
 M515 | PAGE: Parametric Generative Explainer for Graph Neural Network | Yang Qiu, Wei Liu, Jun Wang and Ruixuan Li 
 M516 | Weight Scope Alignment: A Frustratingly Easy Method for Model Merging | Yichu Xu, Xin-Chun Li, Le Gan and De-Chuan Zhan 
 M517 | Revisiting Under-represented Knowledge of Latin American Literature in Large Language Models | Jinsung Kim, Seonmin Koo and Heuiseok Lim 
 M526 | Convolutional Bypasses Are Better Vision Transformer Adapters | Shibo Jie, Zhi-Hong Deng, Shixuan Chen and Zhijuan Jin 
 M531 | A Meta-Engine Framework for Interleaved Task and Motion Planning using Topological Refinements | Elisa Tosello, Alessandro Valentini and Andrea Micheli 
 M534 | BOB-YOLO: Balancing Optimization Binarized YOLO via Module-Wise Latency | Xinyu Liu, Wenqiang Zhou, Zhendong Yu, Jiaming Yang, Tao Wang, Chenwei Tang and Jiancheng Lv 
 M542 | Generating fair solutions of minimal cost | Thibaut Lust, Mohammed Bachir Bederina and Djamal Chaabane 
 M543 | LightFF: Lightweight Inference for Forward-Forward Algorithm | Amin Aminifar, Baichuan Huang, Azra Abtahi and Amir Aminifar 
 M547 | Error-Driven Uncertainty Aware Training | Pedro Mendes, Paolo Romano and David Garlan 
 M552 | NeSIG: A Neuro-Symbolic Method for Learning to Generate Planning Problems | Carlos Núñez-Molina, Pablo Mesejo and Juan Fernández-Olivares 
 M556 | Sampling-based Teacher Guided Method to Boost Transferable Attack on SAR Image Classification | Aoyang Zhou, Yasmeen M. Khedr, Xin Liu and Kun He 
 M560 | Semantic Similarity Driven Multi-modal Model for Rumor Detection | Chenyang Li, Bo Xu, Meng Wang and Kun He 
 M561 | FsPONER: Few-shot Prompt Optimization for Named Entity Recognition in Domain-specific Scenarios | Yongjian Tang, Rakebul Hasan and Thomas Runkler 
 M565 | Iterative Oversubscription Planning with Goal-Conflict Explanations: Scaling Up Through Policy-Guidance Approximation | Rebecca Eifler, Daniel Fišer, Aleena Siji and Joerg Hoffmann 
 M566 | Target-driven Attack for Large Language Models | Chong Zhang, Mingyu Jin, Dong Shu, Taowen Wang, Dongfang Liu and Xiaobo Jin 
 M567 | Pixel-wise Reclassification with Prototypes for Enhancing Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation | Xuewei Li, Yujie Diao, Yilong Fan, Zhiqiang Liu, Mei Yu, Chenhan Wang, Jie Gao and Ruiguo Yu 
 M571 | Sentinel: An Aggregation Function to Secure Decentralized Federated Learning | Chao Feng, Alberto Huertas Celdrán, Janosch Baltensperger, Enrique Tomás Martínez Beltrán, Pedro Miguel Sánchez Sánchez, Gérôme Bovet and Burkhard Stiller 
 M577 | Safety Verification of Tree-Ensemble Policies via Predicate Abstraction | Chaahat Jain, Lorenzo Cascioli, Laurens Devos, Marcel Vinzent, Marcel Steinmetz, Jesse Davis and Joerg Hoffmann 
 M586 | Bridging the Gap: Generating a Comprehensive Biomedical Knowledge Graph Question Answering Dataset | Xi Yan, Patrick Westphal, Jan Seliger and Ricardo Usbeck 
 M596 | FL-GNN: Efficient Fusion of Fuzzy Neural Network and Graph Neural Network | Boyu Du, Jingya Zhou, Ling Liu and Xiaolong She 
 M597 | Learning Uncertainty Tubes via Recurrent Neural Networks for Planning Robust Robot Motions | Simon Wasiela, Smail Ait Bouhsain, Marco Cognetti, Juan Cortés and Thierry Siméon 
 M598 | Learning Confidence Bounds for Classification with Imbalanced Data | Matt Clifford, Jonathan Erskine, Alexander Hepburn, Raul Santos-Rodriguez and Dario Garcia-Garcia 
 M616 | Computational Complexity of Standpoint LTL | Stephane Demri and Przemysław Andrzej Wałęga 
 M619 | A Parallel Gumbel-Softmax VAE Framework with Performance-Based Tuning | Fangshi Zhou, Tianming Zhao, Luan Nguyen and Zhongmei Yao 
 M621 | Combining Diverse Information for Coordinated Action: Stochastic Bandit Algorithms for Heterogeneous Agents | Lucia Gordon, Esther Rolf and Milind Tambe 
 M623 | Hierarchical Planning for Resource-Constrained Long-Term Monitoring Missions in Time-Varying Environments | Alex Stephens, Bruno Lacerda and Nick Hawes 
 M627 | Cube-based Isomorph-free Finite Model Finding | Choiwah Chow, Mikoláš Janota and João Araújo 
 M629 | Temporal Elections: Welfare, Strategyproofness, and Proportionality | Edith Elkind, Tzeh Yuan Neoh and Nicholas Teh 
 M631 | Modelling brain connectomes networks: Solv is a worthy competitor to hyperbolic geometry! | Dorota Celińska-Kopczyńska and Eryk Kopczynski 
 M634 | GRIF-DM: Generation of Rich Impression Fonts using Diffusion Models | Lei Kang, Fei Yang, Kai Wang, Mohamed Ali Souibgui, Lluis Gomez, Alicia Fornés, Ernest Valveny and Dimosthenis Karatzas 
 M640 | MIM-HD: Making Smaller Masked Autoencoder Better with Efficient Distillation | Zherui Zhang, Changwei Wang, Rongtao Xu, Wenhao Xu, Shibiao Xu, Li Guo, Jiguang Zhang, Xiaoqiang Teng and Wenbo Xu 
 M641 | CLCE: An Approach to Refining Cross-Entropy and Contrastive Learning for Optimized Learning Fusion | Zijun Long, Lipeng Zhuang, George Killick, Zaiqiao Meng, Richard Mccreadie and Gerardo Aragon-Camarasa 
 M642 | Evolutionary Reinforcement Learning via Cooperative Coevolution | Chengpeng Hu, Jialin Liu and Xin Yao 
 M645 | Graph Continual Learning with Debiased Lossless Memory Replay | Chaoxi Niu, Guansong Pang and Ling Chen 
 M648 | DiverTEAM: An Effective Evolutionary Algorithm for Diversified Top-k (Weight) Clique Search Problems | Jinghui Xue, Jiongzhi Zheng, Kun He, Chu-Min Li and Yanli Liu 
 M651 | MultiCounter: Multiple Action Agnostic Repetition Counting in Untrimmed Videos | Yin Tang, Wei Luo, Jinrui Zhang, Wei Huang, Ruihai Jing and Deyu Zhang 
 M665 | Improving Non-autoregressive Sign Language Translation with Random Ordering Progressive Prediction Pre-training | Pei Yu, Changhao Lai, Cong Hu, Shan Liu, Liang Zhang, Biao Fu and Yidong Chen 
 M667 | Comparing lossless compression methods for Chess endgame data | Dave Gomboc, Christian Shelton, Andrew Miner and Gianfranco Ciardo 
 M669 | A Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning Algorithm Embedded with Opponent Modeling | Shun Li, Xiao Su and Bing Shi 
 M673 | MakeupAttack: Feature Space Black-box Backdoor Attack on Face Recognition via Makeup Transfer | Ming Sun, Rui Wang, Zixuan Zhu and Lihua Jing 
 M695 | Enhancing Discourse Coherence to Improve Cross-Document Event Coreference Resolution | Xinyu Chen, Sheng Xu, Peifeng Li and Qiaoming Zhu 
 M698 | Mind the Model, Not the Agent: The Primacy Bias in Model-based RL | Zhongjian Qiao, Jiafei Lyu and Xiu Li 
 M699 | MAMO:Deep Multi-task Architecture Learning via Multi-objective Optimization with Gradients Mediative Kernel | Yuzheng Tan, Guangneng Hu and Shuxin Zhang 
 M700 | Generalized Face Anti-spoofing via Finer Domain Partition and Disentangling Liveness-irrelevant Factors | Jingyi Yang, Zitong Yu, Xiuming Ni, Jia He and Hui Li 
 M702 | Heuristics for Partially Observable Stochastic Contingent Planning | Guy Shani 
 M704 | Omniclip: Adapting CLIP for Video Recognition with Spatial-Temporal Omni-Scale Feature Learning | Mushui Liu, Bozheng Li and Yunlong Yu 
 M712 | Defending Our Privacy With Backdoors | Dominik Hintersdorf, Lukas Struppek, Daniel Neider and Kristian Kersting 
 M719 | Enhancing Reinforcement Learning Through Guided Search | Jérôme Arjonilla, Abdallah Saffidine and Tristan Cazenave 
 M722 | Open-GMOT: Open-Vocabulary Generic Multiple Object Tracking with Motion-Appearance Cost (MAC) SORT | Anh Duy Le Dinh, Kim Tran Hoang and Ngan Le Thi Hoang 
 M732 | Interpretable Graph Neural Networks for Tabular Data | Amr Alkhatib, Sofiane Ennadir, Henrik Boström and Michalis Vazirgiannis 
 M734 | Generalizing Visual Question Answering from Synthetic to Human-Written Questions via a Chain of QA with a Large Language Model | Taehee Kim, Yeongjae Cho, Heejun Shin, Yohan Jo and Dongmyung Shin 
 M738 | Domain Adaptational Steganographic Text Detection Using Few-shot Adversary-Refinement Framework | Ziwei Zhang, Juan Wen, Yinghan Zhou, Liting Gao and Yiming Xue 
 M739 | Modality-Aware and Shift Mixer for Multi-modal Brain Tumor Segmentation | Zhongzhen Huang, Linda Wei, Shaoting Zhang and Xiaofan Zhang 
 M748 | Relation Time-aware Heterogeneous Dynamic Graph Neural Networks | Yili Wang, Jiamin Chen, Qiutong Li, Changlong He and Jianliang Gao 
 M749 | A Faster Branching Algorithm for the Maximum k-Defective Clique Problem | Chunyu Luo, Yi Zhou, Zhengren Wang and Mingyu Xiao 
 M752 | Large Language Models Understand Layout | Weiming Li, Manni Duan, Dong An and Yan Shao 
 M759 | MindScope: Exploring cognitive biases in large language models through Multi-Agent Systems | Zhentao Xie, Jiabao Zhao, Yilei Wang, Jinxin Shi, Yanhong Bai, Xingjiao Wu and Liang He 
 M762 | Translation and Transliteration Based DataAugmentation for Multilingual Semantic Parsing | Sarthak Jauhari, Massimo Nicosia, Ankush Chatterjee and Rahul Goel 
 M763 | Interpretable image classification through an argumentative dialog between encoders | Dao Thauvin, Stéphane Herbin, Wassila Ouerdane and Céline Hudelot 
 M764 | CBM: Curriculum by Masking | Andrei Jarca, Alin Croitoru and Radu Tudor Ionescu 
 M765 | Capacitated Online Clustering Algorithm | Shivam Gupta, Shweta Jain, Narayanan C Krishnan, Ganesh Ghalme and Nandyala Hemachandra 
 M769 | Text-based Geolocation with a Byte-level Language Model | Mikhail Orzhenovskii, Alina Pak, Roman Kane and Arina Razmyslovich 
 M782 | Tackling Selfish Clients in Federated Learning | Andrea Augello, Ashish Gupta, Giuseppe Lo Re and Sajal K. Das 
 M783 | Complexity and Approximation Schemes for Social Welfare Maximization in the High-Multiplicity Setting | Trung Thanh Nguyen, Khaled Elbassioni and Jörg Rothe 
 M793 | Pessimistic Off-Policy Optimization for Learning to Rank | Matej Čief, Branislav Kveton and Michal Kompan 
 M799 | Memory adaptive and spatially specialized model ensembles for industrial anomaly detection | Marco Wagenstetter, Niklas Landerer, Johannes Thyroff, Thomas Aicher, Arvid Hellmich and Steffen Ihlenfeldt 
 M815 | Online Friends Partitioning under Uncertainty | Saar Cohen and Noa Agmon 
 M816 | Optimizing Multi-Robot Task Allocation in Dynamic Environments via Heuristic-Guided Reinforcement Learning | Aritra Pal, Anandsingh Chauhan, Mayank Baranwal and Ankush Ojha 
 M831 | Merge-and-Shrink Heuristics for SSPs with Prune Transformations | Thorsten Klößner, Álvaro Torralba, Marcel Steinmetz and Silvan Sievers 
 M834 | PromptCD: Coupled and Decoupled Prompt Learning for Vision-Language Models | Junjie Wu, Mingjie Sun, Chen Gong, Nan Yu and Guohong Fu 
 M835 | On the Improvement of Generalization and Stability of Forward-Only Learning via Neural Polarization | Erik Bernardo Terres Escudero, Javier Del Ser and Pablo García Bringas 
 M836 | Dual Attention Encoder with Joint Preservation for Medical Image Segmentation | Shijie Li, Yunbin Tu, Yu Gong, Bowen Zhong and Zheng Li 
 M838 | RFDFM: A Deep Factorization Machine Network Model for Invasive Lung Adenocarcinoma Screening in CT Images | Jing Zhou, Chengcheng Guo and Ying Ji 
 M840 | Explicit Modelling of Theory of Mind for Belief Prediction in Nonverbal Social Interactions | Matteo Bortoletto, Constantin Ruhdorfer, Lei Shi and Andreas Bulling 
 M841 | Take a Step and Reconsider: Sequence Decoding for Self-Improved Neural Combinatorial Optimization | Jonathan Pirnay and Dominik G. Grimm 
 M843 | First Creating Backgrounds Then Rendering Texts: A New Paradigm for Visual Text Blending | Zhenhang Li, Yan Shu, Weichao Zeng, Dongbao Yang and Yu Zhou 
 M848 | Empirical Evaluation of Concept Probing for Game-Playing Agents | Aðalsteinn Pálsson and Yngvi Bjornsson 
 M849 | Characterising Serialisation Equivalence for Abstract Argumentation | Lars Bengel, Julian Sander and Matthias Thimm 
 M850 | Scale-Invariant Variations of Max Regret | Nic Wilson 
 M853 | Talos: A More Effective and Efficient Adversarial Defense for GNN Models Based on the Global Homophily of Graphs | Duanyu Li, Huijun Wu, Min Xie, Xugang Wu, Zhenwei Wu and Wenzhe Zhang 
 M856 | Domain Generalised Cell Nuclei Segmentation in Histopathology Images Using Domain-aware Curriculum Learning and Colour-Perceived Meta Learning | Kunzi Xie, Ruoyu Guo, Cong Cong, Maurice Pagnucco and Yang Song 
 M863 | Learning Order Forest for Qualitative-Attribute Data Clustering | Mingjie Zhao, Sen Feng, Yiqun Zhang, Mengke Li, Yang Lu and Yiu-Ming Cheung 
 M867 | On Connected Strongly-Proportional Cake-Cutting | Zsuzsanna Jankó, Attila Joó, Erel Segal-Halevi and Sheung Man Yuen 
 M871 | Cross-stage Transfer in Multi-stage Cascade Ranking and Filtering Systems | Yifan Pan, Guibo Luo and Yuesheng Zhu 
 M873 | Adversarially Robust Neural Lyapunov Control | Li Wei, Yuankun Jiang, Chenglin Li, Wenrui Dai, Junni Zou and Hongkai Xiong 
 M884 | An Efficient Modular Algorithm for Connected Multi-Agent Path Finding | Victorien Desbois, Ocan Sankur and François Schwarzentruber 
 M892 | Decoupled Competitive Framework for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation | Jiahe Chen, Jianwei Zheng, Shen Wang and Jiahe Ying 
 M903 | Adversarial Erasing Transformer for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation | Bingfeng Zhang, Siyue Yu, Xuru Gao, Mingjie Sun, Eng Gee Lim and Jimin Xiao 
 M906 | (Un)certainty of (Un)fairness: Preference-Based Selection of Certainly Fair Decision-Makers | Manh Khoi Duong and Stefan Conrad 
 M907 | Explaining Text Classifiers with Counterfactual Representations | Pirmin Lemberger and Antoine Saillenfest 
 M911 | Anti-Matthew FL: Bridging the Performance Gap in Federated Learning to Counteract the Matthew Effect | Jiashi Gao, Xin Yao and Xuetao Wei 
 M914 | Big-thick data generation via reference and personal context unification | Fausto Giunchiglia and Xiaoyue Li 
 M915 | CLLMFS: A Contrastive Learning enhanced Large Language Model Framework for Few-Shot Named Entity Recognition | Yafeng Zhang, Zilan Yu, Yu Ang Huang and Jing Tang 
 M918 | Learning Interpretable Classifiers for PDDL Planning | Arnaud Lequen 
 M924 | Learning and Optimizing with an SSB Representation of Intransitive Preferences on Sets | Hugo Gilbert, Mohamed Ouaguenouni and Olivier Spanjaard 
 M927 | Generative LLMs for Multilingual Temporal Expression Normalization | Alejandro Sánchez de Castro Fernández, Lourdes Araujo Serna and Juan Martínez Romo 
 M928 | Sinogram-Image Dual-Domain Network for Robust Metal Artifact Reduction in CT Image | Chong Liu, Yuhan Huang, Bo Li and Hui Ding 
 M932 | Assessing Privacy Risks of Attribute Inference Attacks against Speech-based Depression Detection System | Basmah Alsenani, Anna Esposito, Alessandro Vinciarelli and Tanaya Guha 
 M936 | Belief Erasure in Propositional Logic | Nadia Creignou, Raïda Ktari and Odile Papini 
 M939 | Leveraging Foundation Models for Zero-Shot IoT Sensing | Dinghao Xue, Xiaoran Fan, Tao Chen, Guohao Lan and Qun Song 
 M942 | Synthetically Augmented Self-Supervised Fine-Tuning for Diverse Text OCR Correction | Shuhao Guan and Derek Greene 
 M944 | FedMTL: Privacy-Preserving Federated Multi-Task Learning | Pritam Sen and Cristian Borcea 
 M945 | Group Fairness with Individual and Censorship Constraints | Zichong Wang and Wenbin Zhang 
 M946 | Open-Set Multivariate Time-Series Anomaly Detection | Thomas Lai, Thi Kieu Khanh Ho and Narges Armanfard 
 M948 | Cluster Exploration using Informative Manifold Projections | Stavros Gerolymatos, Xenophon Evangelopoulos, Vladimir V. Gusev and John Y. Goulermas 
 M957 | TwinDiffusion: Enhancing Coherence and Efficiency in Panoramic Image Generation with Diffusion Models | Teng Zhou and Yongchuan Tang 
 M966 | Transparent Explainable Logic Layers | Alessio Ragno, Marc Plantevit, Celine Robardet and Roberto Capobianco 
 M968 | A Neuro-symbolic Approach for Faceted Search in Digital Libraries | Mutahira Khalid, Sören Auer and Markus Stocker 
 M969 | Analyzing Incentives and Fairness in Ordered Weighted Average for Facility Location Games | Kento Yoshida, Kei Kimura, Taiki Todo and Makoto Yokoo 
 M977 | LEarning After Learning: Positive Backward Transfer in Continual Learning | Wern Sen Wong, Yun Sing Koh and Gillian Dobbie 
 M982 | Solving PDEs on Point Clouds by Physics-informed Learning with Graph Neural Networks | Rakhoon Hwang, Junseung Ryu, Seungtae Park and Hyung Ju Hwang 
 M985 | MLGAT: Multi-Scale Line Graph Attention Network for Emotion Recognition in Conversation | Xiujuan Xu, Xiaoxiao Shi, Zhehuan Zhao and Yu Liu 
 M992 | Finding Optimal Deterministic Policies for Constrained Stochastic Shortest Path Problems | Johannes Schmalz and Felipe Trevizan 
 M993 | Dirichlet Logistic Gaussian Processes for Evaluation of Black-Box Stochastic Systems under Complex Requirements | Ryohei Oura and Yuji Ito 
 M996 | SubSA: Strengthen In-context Learning via Submodular Selective Annotation [not presented] | Jian Qian, Miao Sun, Sifan Zhou, Ziyu Zhao, Ruizhi Hun and Patrick Chiang 
 M1012 | The Role of Depth, Width, and Tree Size in Expressiveness of Deep Forest | Shen-Huan Lyu, Jin-Hui Wu, Qin-Cheng Zheng and Baoliu Ye 
 M1021 | Federation-Paced Learning: Towards Efficient Federated Learning with Synchronized Pace | Tingting Zhang, Mei Cao, Zhenge Jia, Jianbo Lu, Zhaoyan Shen, Dongxiao Yu and Mengying Zhao 
 M1023 | LGAD: Local and Global Attention Distillation for Efficient Semantic Segmentation | Chen Wang, Yafei Qi, Qi Li and Huawen Liu 
 M1024 | Merit-based Fair Combinatorial Semi-Bandit with Unrestricted Feedback Delays | Ziqun Chen, Kechao Cai, Zhuoyue Chen, Jinbei Zhang and John C.S. Lui 
 M1028 | MPT4LM: Multi-modal Prompt Tuning Makes Pre-trained Large Language Models better Vision-Language Learners | Yongzhu Miao, Jintao Tang, Shasha Li and Ting Wang 
 M1031 | Perturb-and-Compare Approach for Detecting Out-of-Distribution Samples in Constrained Access Environments | Heeyoung Lee, Hoyoon Byun, Changdae Oh, Jinyeong Bak and Kyungwoo Song 
 M1051 | Time Series Imputation with Multivariate Radial Basis Function Neural Network | Chanyoung Jung and Yun Jang 
 M1058 | Mutual Local Consistency Learning for Face Forgery Detection | Bosheng Yan and Chang-Tsun Li 
 M1066 | A Language Model as a Design Assistant for UI Design Recommendation and Evaluation | Lin Sheng, Cheng Deng, Junjie Zhang, Fangyuan Chang, Qinghua Sun, Hongyu Liu and Zhenyu Gu 
 M1069 | Graph Classification with GNNs : Optimisation, Representation and Inductive Bias | P Krishna Kumar and Harish G Ramaswamy 
 M1078 | Exemplar-Free Incremental Deepfake Detection | Wuti Xiong, Guoying Zhao and Xiaobai Li 
 M1079 | FedReMa: Improving Personalized Federated Learning via Leveraging the Most Relevant Clients | Han Liang, Ziwei Zhan, Weijie Liu, Xiaoxi Zhang, Chee Wei Tan and Xu Chen 
 M1082 | DCTAN: Densely Convolved Transformer Aggregation Networks for Monocular Dense Depth Prediction in Robotic Endoscopy | Wenkang Fan, Wenjing Jiang, Hao Fang, Hong Shi, Jianhua Chen and Xiongbiao Luo 
 M1086 | Context Enhancement with Reconstruction as Sequence for Unified Unsupervised Anomaly Detection | Hui-Yue Yang, Hui Chen, Lihao Liu, Zijia Lin, Kai Chen, Liejun Wang, Jungong Han and Guiguang Ding 
 M1094 | Harnessing Orthogonality to Train Low-Rank Neural Networks | Daniel Coquelin, Katharina Fluegel, Marie Weiel, Nicholas Kiefer, Charlotte Debus, Achim Streit and Markus Goetz 
 M1096 | Advancing ConvNet Architectures: A Novel XGB-based Pruning Algorithm for Transfer Learning Efficiency | Igor Ratajczyk and Adrian Horzyk 
 M1101 | EdgeNAT: Transformer for Efficient Edge Detection | Jinghuai Jie, Yan Guo, Guixing Wu, Junmin Wu and Baojian Hua 
 M1102 | FedSeProto: Learning Semantic Prototype in Federated Learning | Yanyi Lai, Lele Fu, Tianchi Liao, Chuan Chen and Zibin Zheng 
 M1106 | Hidden States in LLMs Improve EEG Representation Learning and Visual Decoding | Aoyang Liu, Haodong Jing, Yulong Liu, Yongqiang Ma and Nanning Zheng 
 M1112 | A Coin Has Two Sides: A Novel Detector-Corrector Framework for Chinese Spelling Correction | Xiangke Zeng, Zuchao Li, Lefei Zhang, Ping Wang, Hongqiu Wu and Hai Zhao 
 M1115 | From document to program embeddings: can distributional hypothesis really be used on programming languages? | Thibaut Martinet, Guillaume Cleuziou, Matthieu Exbrayat and Frédéric Flouvat 
 M1119 | On the Cultural Gap in Text-to-Image Generation | Bingshuai Liu, Longyue Wang, Chenyang Lyu, Yong Zhang, Jinsong Su, Shuming Shi and Zhaopeng Tu 
 M1122 | Preserving the Privacy of Reward Functions in MDPs through Deception | Shashank Reddy Chirra, Pradeep Varakantham and Praveen Paruchuri 
 M1125 | Identifying the Best Arm in the Presence of Global Environment Shifts | Phurinut Srisawad, Juergen Branke and Long Tran-Thanh 
 M1131 | TDCL: Dense Semantic Contrastive Learning for Vision-Language Tracking | Zheng Wang, Xiankang He, Kaiyang Lan, Ying Cui and Dongyan Guo 
 M1134 | A Data-Driven Defense against Edge-case Model Poisoning Attacks on Federated Learning | Kiran Purohit, Soumi Das, Sourangshu Bhattacharya and Santu Rana 
 M1135 | Analogical Classifier as a Surrogate for Explanations | Suryani Lim, Henri Prade and Gilles Richard 
 M1138 | Partial Label Learning via Cost-Guided Retraining | Zhaoyuan Zhang, Zhenbing Liu and Haoxiang Lu 
 M1139 | Zero-shot relabeling of weak labels for fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature | Anastasios Nentidis, Anastasia Krithara, Grigorios Tsoumakas and Georgios Paliouras 
 M1148 | Context Matters: Leveraging Spatiotemporal Metadata for Semi-Supervised Learning on Remote Sensing Images | Maximilian Bernhard, Tanveer Hannan, Matthias Schubert and Niklas Strauß 
 M1149 | The Complexity of Manipulation of k-Coalitional Games on Graphs | Hodaya Barr, Yohai Trabelsi, Sarit Kraus, Liam Roditty and Noam Hazon 
 M1153 | Theoretical Proportion Label Perturbation for Learning from Label Proportions in Large Bags | Shunsuke Kubo, Shinnosuke Matsuo, Daiki Suehiro, Kazuhiro Terada, Hiroaki Ito, Akihiko Yoshizawa and Ryoma Bise 
 M1160 | SibylSat: Using SAT as an oracle to perform a greedy search on TOHTN Planning | Gaspard Quenard, Damien Pellier and Humbert Fiorino 
 M1169 | Noise-free Explanation for Driving Action Prediction | Hongbo Zhu, Theodor Wulff, Rahul Singh Maharjan, Jinpei Han and Angelo Cangelosi 
 M1172 | Exploiting Hierarchical Symmetry in Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning | Yongkai Tian, Xin Yu, Yirong Qi, Li Wang, Pu Feng, Wenjun Wu, Rongye Shi and Jie Luo 
 M1197 | PLACO: A Multi-Stage Framework for Cost-Effective Performance in Human-AI Teams | Pranavkumar Mallela, Vinay Kumar, Shashi Shekhar Jha and Shweta Jain 
 M1200 | SUBER: An RL Environment with Simulated Human Behavior for Recommender Systems | Nathan Corecco, Giorgio Piatti, Luca Lanzendoerfer, Flint Xiaofeng Fan and Roger Wattenhofer 
 M1201 | Selfishly Cancelling Debts Can Reduce Systemic Risk | Jinyun Tong, Bart De Keijzer and Carmine Ventre 
 M1203 | Reducing Systemic Risk in Financial Networks through Donations | Jinyun Tong, Bart De Keijzer and Carmine Ventre 
 M1206 | Planning with OWL-DL Ontologies | Tobias John and Patrick Koopmann 
 M1208 | Reassessing Non-autoregressive Neural Machine Translation with a Fine-grained Error Taxonomy | Yan Liu, Longyue Wang, Zhaopeng Tu and Deyi Xiong 
 M1214 | Probabilistically Plausible Counterfactual Explanations with Normalizing Flows | Patryk Wielopolski, Oleksii Furman, Jerzy Stefanowski and Maciej Zięba 
 M1225 | Real-Time Indoor Object Detection based on hybrid CNN-Transformer Approach | Salah-Eddine Laidoudi, Madjid Maidi and Samir Otmane 
 M1227 | Parameterized Algorithms for Optimal Refugee Resettlement | Jiehua Chen, Ildikó Schlotter and Sofia Simola 
 M1228 | Anatomical Consistency Distillation and Inconsistency Synthesis for Brain Tumor Segmentation with Missing Modalities | Zheyu Zhang, Xinzhao Liu, Zheng Chen, Yueyi Zhang, Huanjing Yue, Yunwei Ou and Xiaoyan Sun 
 M1229 | Tailored-LLaMA: Optimizing Few-Shot Learning in Pruned LLAMA Models with Task-Specific Prompts | Danyal Aftab and Steven Davy 
 M1232 | Bottlenecked Backpropagation to Train Differentially Private Deep Neural Networks | Arghyadeep Ghosh and Mrinal Das 
 M1245 | Using Backdoors to Generate Learnt Information in SAT Solving | Alexander Andreev, Konstantin Chukharev, Stepan Kochemazov and Alexander Semenov 
 M1247 | Structure and Reduction of MCTS for Explainable-AI | Ronit Bustin and Claudia V. Goldman 
 M1250 | Phy-CoCo: Physical Constraint-based Correlation Learning for Tropical Cyclone Intensity and Size Estimation | Hanting Yan, Pan Mu, Cheng Huang, Jinglin Zhang and Cong Bai 
 M1253 | Count-based Novelty Exploration in Classical Planning | Giacomo Rosa and Nir Lipovetzky 
 M1256 | A Unified Automata-Theoretic Approach to LTL_f Modulo Theories | Marco Faella and Gennaro Parlato 
 M1260 | Classifier Guidance Enhances Diffusion-based Adversarial Purification by Preserving Predictive Information | Mingkun Zhang, Jianing Li, Wei Chen, Jiafeng Guo and Xueqi Cheng 
 M1265 | FairUS - UpSampling Optimized Method for Boosting Fairness | Nurit Cohen Inger, Guy Rozenblatt, Seffi Cohen, Lior Rokach and Bracha Shapira 
 M1268 | TabCGOK: Intra-Class Groups Retrieval and Inter-Class Ordinal Knowledge Augmented Network for Ordinal Tabular Data Prediction | Zhengdong Luo, Abibulla Atawulla, Fengyi Yang, Yongqing Zhu, Yixiao Ren, Yunfei Han and Xi Zhou 
 M1284 | Shielded FOND: Planning With Safety Constraints in Pure-Past Linear Temporal Logic | Luigi Bonassi, Giuseppe De Giacomo, Alfonso Emilio Gerevini and Enrico Scala 
 M1286 | Differentiable Neural Network for Assembling Blocks | Zhiwei Liu, Qiang Lu, Yibo Zhao, Yanhong Zhao and Jake Luo 
 M1296 | MFF-YOLO: Multi-scale Feature Fusion Network for Small Ship Detection in Night Scenes | Guangyu Li, Jun Li, Hai Cao, Houjun Wang, Weili Guo and Chen Gong 
 M1303 | Audience Persona Knowledge-Aligned Prompt Tuning Method for Online Debate | Chunkit Chan, Jiayang Cheng, Xin Liu, Yauwai Yim, Yuxin Jiang, Zheye Deng, Haoran Li, Yangqiu Song, Ginny Y. Wong and Simon See 
 M1304 | Enhancing Retrieval and Managing Retrieval: A Four-Module Synergy for Improved Quality and Efficiency in RAG Systems | Yunxiao Shi, Xing Zi, Zijing Shi, Haimin Zhang, Qiang Wu and Min Xu 
 M1310 | The Distributional Uncertainty of the SHAP score in Explainable Machine Learning | Santiago Cifuentes, Leopoldo Bertossi, Nina Pardal, Sergio Abriola, Maria Vanina Martinez and Miguel Romero 
 M1311 | SFDFusion: An Efficient Spatial-Frequency Domain Fusion Network For Infrared and Visible Image Fusion [not presented] | Kun Hu, Qingle Zhang, Maoxun Yuan and Yitian Zhang 
 M1328 | A novel view of analogical proportion between formulas | Andreas Herzig, Emiliano Lorini and Henri Prade 
 M1329 | Unidirectional Cross-modal Fusion for RGB-T Tracking | Xiao Guo, Hangfei Li, Yufei Zha and Peng Zhang 
 M1331 | On Parallel External-Memory Bidirectional Search | Lior Siag, Shahaf Shperberg, Ariel Felner and Nathan Sturtevant 
 M1338 | United We Stand: Decentralized Multi-Agent Planning With Attrition | Nhat Nguyen, Duong Nguyen, Gianluca Rizzo and Hung Nguyen 
 M1344 | Combining Active Learning and Learning to Reject for Anomaly Detection | Luca Stradiotti, Lorenzo Perini and Jesse Davis 
 M1346 | Link prediction without learning | Simon Delarue, Thomas Bonald and Tiphaine Viard 
 M1366 | Learning Reward Structure with Subtasks in Reinforcement Learning | Shuai Han, Mehdi Dastani and Shihan Wang 
 M1367 | Principled Explanations for Robust Redistributive Decisions | Hénoïk Willot, Khaled Belahcene and Sébastien Destercke 
 M1369 | Understanding XAI Through the Philosopher's Lens: A Historical Perspective | Martina Mattioli, Antonio Emanuele Cinà and Marcello Pelillo 
 M1372 | Mitigating Bias: Model Pruning for Enhanced Model Fairness and Efficiency | Harsh Kasyap, Ugur Atmaca, Michela Iezzi, Toby Walsh and Carsten Maple 
 M1376 | Crafting Lifelike Avatars: Model Compression and Advanced Rendering Techniques | Shengjia Zhang 
 M1390 | Adversarial Attack for Explanation Robustness of Rationalization Models | Yuankai Zhang, Lingxiao Kong, Haozhao Wang, Ruixuan Li, Jun Wang, Yuhua Li and Wei Liu 
 M1395 | Distilling the Effects of Language Model Contamination | Behzad Mehrbakhsh, Fernando Martínez-Plumed and Jose Hernandez-Orallo 
 M1405 | SelfBC: Self Behavior Cloning for Offline Reinforcement Learning | Shirong Liu, Chenjia Bai, Zixian Guo, Hao Zhang, Gaurav Sharma and Yang Liu 
 M1407 | Accelerating Machine Learning for Trading Using Programmable Switches | Xinpeng Hong, Changgang Zheng, Stefan Zohren and Noa Zilberman 
 M1417 | Enhancing Text-to-SQL Capabilities of Large Language Models via Domain Database Knowledge Injection | Xingyu Ma, Xin Tian, Lingxiang Wu, Xuepeng Wang, Xueming Tang and Jinqiao Wang 
 M1418 | R4: Reinforced Retriever-Reorder-Responder for Retrieval-Augmented Large Language Models [not presented] | Taolin Zhang, Dongyang Li, Qizhou Chen, Chengyu Wang, Longtao Huang, Hui Xue, Xiaofeng He and Jun Huang 
 M1420 | Fair-OBNC: Correcting Label Noise for Fairer Datasets | Inês Oliveira E Silva, Sérgio Jesus, Hugo Ferreira, Pedro Saleiro, Inês Sousa, Pedro Bizarro and Carlos Soares 
 M1421 | Multi-Agent Path Finding with Real Robot Dynamics and Interdependent Tasks for Automated Warehouses | Vassilissa Lehoux-Lebacque, Tomi Silander, Christelle Loiodice, Seungjoon Lee, Albert Wang and Sofia Michel 
 M1428 | Compromises in Dialogical Argumentation: Aggregated Policies for Biparty Decision Theory | Ivan Donadello, Renan Lirio de Souza, Anthony Hunter and Mauro Dragoni 
 M1431 | Bipartite Time Series Network for Data Imputation | Ilaria Amerise, Valeria Fionda and Giuseppe Pirrò 
 M1433 | Uncertainty-guided Dual Task Framework for Semi-supervised Segmentation of Thyroid Nodules | Xiang Ying, Jizhe Zhang, Jie Gao, Mei Yu, Ruixuan Zhang, Jialin Zhu, Xuewei Li and Ruiguo Yu 
 M1437 | IPA-NeRF: Illusory Poisoning Attack Against Neural Radiance Fields | Wenxiang Jiang, Hanwei Zhang, Shuo Zhao, Zhongwen Guo and Hao Wang 
 M1441 | Winning the 2023 CityLearn Challenge: a Community-based Hierarchical Energy Systems Coordination Algorithm | Andoni Irazusta Garmendia, Francesco Morri, Quentin Cappart and Hélène Le Cadre 
 M1442 | Node Classification via Adaptive Spectral-Heterophily | Giuseppe Pirrò 
 M1445 | Hop-based Heterogeneous Graph Transformer | Zixuan Yang, Xiao Wang, Yanhua Yu, Yuling Wang, Kangkang Lu, Zirui Guo, Xiting Qin, Yunshan Ma and Tat-Seng Chua 
 M1452 | Modelling Diffusion of Dependent and Conflicting Behaviours with Dynamic Logic | Gabriel Amorim, Marlo Souza and Alvaro Moreira 
 M1456 | Building and Assessing a Named Entity Recognition Resource for Ancient Pharmacopeias | Karim El Haff, Wissam Antoun, Agnès Braud, Florence Le Ber and Veronique Pitchon 
 M1457 | Detecting Patterns of Attacks to Network Security in Urban Air Mobility with Answer Set Programming | Gioacchino Sterlicchio and Francesca Alessandra Lisi 
 M1462 | Verification of Geometric Robustness of Neural Networks via Piecewise Linear Approximation and Lipschitz Optimisation | Ben Batten, Yang Zheng, Alessandro De Palma, Panagiotis Kouvaros and Alessio Lomuscio 
 M1464 | TrustFed: Navigating Trade-offs Between Performance, Fairness, and Privacy in Federated Learning | Maryam Badar, Sandipan Sikdar, Wolfgang Nejdl and Marco Fisichella 
 M1484 | Barely Decidable Fragments of Planning | Maurice Dekker and Gregor Behnke 
 M1486 | HyenaPixel: Global Image Context with Convolutions | Julian Spravil, Sebastian Houben and Sven Behnke 
 M1487 | Representation Matters for Mastering Chess: Improved Feature Representation in AlphaZero Outperforms Switching to Transformers | Johannes Czech, Jannis Blüml, Kristian Kersting and Hedinn Steingrimsson 
 M1488 | Learning Brave Assumption-Based Argumentation Frameworks via ASP | Emanuele De Angelis, Maurizio Proietti and Francesca Toni 
 M1506 | A Simple Yet Effective Interpretable Bayesian Personalized Ranking for Cognitive Diagnosis | Arthur Batel, Idir Benouaret, Joan Fruitet, Marc Plantevit and Celine Robardet 
 M1510 | Mechanism Design for Extending the Accessibility of Facilities | Hau Chan, Jianan Lin, Chenhao Wang and Yanxi Xie 
 M1524 | Optimal Layout-Aware CNOT Circuit Synthesis with Qubit Permutation | Irfansha Shaik and Jaco van de Pol 
 M1527 | Global Optimisation of Black-Box Functions with Generative Models in the Wasserstein Space | Tigran Ramazyan, Mikhail Hushchyn and Denis Derkach 
 M1531 | A Methodology Establishing Linear Convergence of Adaptive Gradient Methods under PL Inequality | Kushal Chakrabarti and Mayank Baranwal 
 M1532 | LoCa: Logit Calibration for Knowledge Distillation | Runming Yang, Taiqiang Wu and Yujiu Yang 
 M1535 | Learning Backdoors for Mixed Integer Linear Programs with Contrastive Learning | Junyang Cai, Taoan Huang and Bistra Dilkina 
 M1546 | Sparse Convolutional Neural Network for Localization and Orientation Prediction and Application to Drone Control | Jan Rodziewicz-Bielewicz and Marcin Korzeń 
 M1547 | Transfer Learning Can Introduce Bias | Parisa Salmani and Peter Lewis 
 M1554 | Scale-Adaptive Balancing of Exploration and Exploitation in Classical Planning | Stephen Wissow and Masataro Asai 
 M1562 | Cost Partitioning For Multiple Sequence Alignment | Mika Skjelnes, Daniel Gnad and Jendrik Seipp 
 M1566 | Language Task Difficulty Prediction through LLM-Annotated Meta-Features | Yael Moros-Daval, Fernando Martínez-Plumed and José Hernández-Orallo 
 M1574 | Embedding Knowledge Graphs in Degenerate Clifford Algebras | Louis Mozart Kamdem Teyou, Caglar Demir and Axel Cyrille Ngonga Ngomo 
 M1575 | How to guide a present-biased agent through prescribed tasks? | Tatiana Belova, Yuriy Dementiev, Fedor Fomin, Petr Golovach and Artur Ignatiev 
 M1579 | DataDetective: Dataset Watermarking for Leakers Identification in ML Training | Noa Wegerhoff, Avishag Shapira, Yuval Elovici and Asaf Shabtai 
 M1581 | A Federated Large Language Model for Long-Term Time Series Forecasting | Raed Abdel Sater and Abdessamad Ben Hamza 
 M1584 | Worst- and Average-Case Robustness of Stable Matchings: (Counting) Complexity and Experiments | Kimon Boehmer and Niclas Boehmer 
 M1589 | MoSt-DSA: Modeling Motion and Structural Interactions for Direct Multi-Frame Interpolation in DSA Images | Ziyang Xu, Huangxuan Zhao, Ziwei Cui, Wenyu Liu, Chuansheng Zheng and Xinggang Wang 
 M1591 | FilFL: Client Filtering for Optimized Client Participation in Federated Learning | Fares Fourati, Salma Kharrat, Vaneet Aggarwal, Mohamed-Slim Alouini and Marco Canini 
 M1593 | Differentiable Logic Programming for Distant Supervision | Akihiro Takemura and Katsumi Inoue 
 M1594 | Explaining the Lack of Locally Envy-Free Allocations | Aurélie Beynier, Jean-Guy Mailly, Nicolas Maudet and Anaëlle Wilczynski 
 M1596 | ChatZero: Zero-shot Cross-Lingual Dialogue Generation via Pseudo-Target Language [not presented] | Yongkang Liu, Shi Feng, Daling Wang, Yifei Zhang and Hinrich Schütze 
 M1597 | Benchmarking Adversarial Robustness in Speech Emotion Recognition: Insights into Low-Resource Romanian and German Languages | Sebastian-Vasile Echim, Răzvan-Alexandru Smădu and Dumitru-Clementin Cercel 
 M1601 | Distribution of Chores with Information Asymmetry | Hadi Hosseini, Joshua Kavner, Tomasz Wąs and Lirong Xia 
 M1602 | Counterfactual Thinking in Stochastic Dynamics of Cooperation | António M. Fernandes, Francisco C. Santos and Ana Paiva 
 M1604 | QFMTS: Generating Query-Focused Summaries over Multi-Table Inputs | Weijia Zhang, Vaishali Pal, Jia-Hong Huang, Evangelos Kanoulas and Maarten de Rijke 
 M1615 | Learning Joint Models of Prediction and Optimization | James Kotary, Vincenzo Di Vito Francesco, Jacob Cristopher, Pascal Van Hentenryck and Ferdinando Fioretto 
 M1618 | Coopetition in Heterogeneous Cross-Silo Federated Learning | Chao Huang, Justin Dachille and Xin Liu 
 M1624 | Adjacent Leader Decentralized Stochastic Gradient Descent | Haoze He, Jing Wang and Anna Choromanska 
 M1627 | ANSPRE: Improving Question-Answering in Large Language Models with Answer-Prefix Generation | Nguyen-Khang Le, Dieu-Hien Nguyen and Nguyen Le Minh 
 M1632 | Every Node Counts: Improving the Training of Graph Neural Networks on Node Classification | Moshe Eliasof, Eldad Haber and Eran Treister 
 M1635 | Causal Diffusion Autoencoders: Toward Counterfactual Generation via Diffusion Probabilistic Models | Aneesh Komanduri, Chen Zhao, Feng Chen and Xintao Wu 
 M1645 | Planning to be Healthy: Towards Personalized Medication Planning | Lee-Or Alon, Hana Weitman, Alexander Shleyfman and Gal Kaminka 
 M1646 | Estimating Causal Effects from Learned Causal Networks | Anna Raichev, Jin Tian, Alex Ihler and Rina Dechter 
 M1649 | CorrAdaptor: Adaptive Local Context Learning for Correspondence Pruning | Wei Zhu, Yicheng Liu, Yuping He, Tangfei Liao, Kang Zheng, Xiaoqiu Xu, Tao Wang and Tong Lu 
 M1670 | Domain Feature Perturbation for Domain Generalization | Chenguang Wang, Zijun Zhang and Zhidan Zhou 
 M1673 | A Hybrid Approach towards Chinese Spelling and Splitting Error Correction | Junhong Liang, Junnan Zhu, Yu Zhou, Feifei Zhai, Nanchang Chen and Chengqing Zong 
 M1675 | Be Persistent: Towards a Unified Solution for Mitigating Shortcuts in Deep Learning | Hadi Mohaghegh Dolatabadi, Sarah Erfani and Christopher Leckie 
 M1677 | Parameter Estimation of Long Memory Stochastic Processes with Deep Neural Networks | Bálint Csanády, Lóránt Nagy, Dániel Boros, Iván Ivkovic, Dávid Kovács, Dalma Tóth-Lakits, László Márkus and András Lukács 
 M1678 | Backward Compatibility in Attributive Explanation and Enhanced Model Training Method | Ryuta Matsuno 
 M1683 | FairCognizer: A Model for Accurate Predictions with Inherent Fairness Evaluation | Adda Akram Bendoukha, Nesrine Kaaniche, Aymen Boudguiga and Renaud Sirdey 
 M1684 | MEFusion: Unsupervised Mutual Enhancement for Multimodal Image Fusion | Yushe Cao, Siwen Jiao, Penghao Sun, Baoyun Peng, Dianxi Shi and Yuanchun Shi 
 M1685 | CODD: A Decision Diagram-based Solver for Combinatorial Optimization | Laurent Michel and Willem-Jan van Hoeve 
 M1687 | Optimal Diffusion Auctions | Yao Zhang, Zheng Shanshan and Dengji Zhao 
 M1694 | MixCon: A Hybrid Architecture for Efficient and Adaptive Sequence Modeling | Xin Xu and Zhouchen Lin 
 M1695 | Counseling Responses for Mental Health Forum Questions with Early Maladaptive Schema Prediction | Sujatha Das Gollapalli, Beng Heng Ang, Mingzhe Du and See-Kiong Ng 
 M1699 | UDUC: An Uncertainty-driven Approach for Learning-based Robust Control | Yuan Zhang, Jasper Hoffmann and Joschka Boedecker 
 M1706 | High-Quality Human Motion Prediction using Size Invariant Motion Space | Haichuan Zhao, Xudong Ru, Peng Du, Shaolong Liu, Na Liu, Xingce Wang and Zhongke Wu 
 M1715 | Class-Aware Sample Weight Learning for Cross-Modal Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Cross-User Wearable Human Activity Recognition | Tong Wu, Yanbin Liu and Sira Yongchareon 
 M1717 | Grouped Logit Distillation Enhanced with Superclass Awareness for Efficient Knowledge Transfer | Shuoxi Zhang, Hanpeng Liu, Yuyi Wang and Kun He 
 M1719 | Large Language Model Agentic Approach to Fact Checking and Fake News Detection | Xinyi Li, Yongfeng Zhang and Edward Malthouse 
 M1722 | Large Language Model Prompting With Episodic Memory | Van Dai Do, Quan Tran, Svetha Venkatesh and Hung Le 
 M1730 | Adaptive Fraud Detection on e-Commerce Platforms | Shaowen Tang and Raymond Wong 
 M1732 | Differentiating Choices via Commonality for Multiple-Choice Question Answering | Wenqing Deng, Zhe Wang, Kewen Wang, Shirui Pan, Xiaowang Zhang and Zhiyong Feng 
 M1759 | STPDN: Spatio-Temporal Pattern Decomposition Network with Fluctuation Awareness for Robust Traffic Flow Forecasting | Xudong Zhang, Peng Peng, Xuewen Chen, Yulei Wu, Lingdong Shen and Haina Tang 
 M1762 | SETTP: Style Extraction and Tunable Inference via Dual-level Transferable Prompt Learning | Chunzhen Jin, Yongfeng Huang, Yaqi Wang, Peng Cao and Osmar Zaiane 
 M1765 | One-shot Collaborative Data Distillation | Rayne Holland, Chandra Thapa, Wei Shao, Seyit Camtepe and Sarah Ali Siddiqui 
 M1766 | Learning Compact Neural Networks via Generalized Structured Sparsity | Ke Bian, Lu Sun and Dengji Zhao 
 M1780 | Detecting Objects as Cascade Corners | Chenglong Liu, Jintao Liu, Haoran Wei, Jinze Yang, Liangyu Xu, Yuchen Guo and Lu Fang 
 M1806 | Estimating the Robustness Radius for Randomized Smoothing with 100x Sample Efficiency | Emmanouil Seferis, Stefanos Kollias and Chih-Hong Cheng 
 M1809 | A First-Order Multi-Gradient Algorithm for Multi-Objective Bi-Level Optimization | Feiyang Ye, Baijiong Lin, Xiaofeng Cao, Yu Zhang and Ivor Tsang 
 M1817 | Lightweight Transformer for sEMG Gesture Recognition with Feature Distilled Variational Information Bottleneck | Zefeng Wang, Bingbing Hu, Junfeng Yao and Jinsong Su 
 M1821 | DSPrompt: Prompt Learning with Relation Abstraction and Context Injection for Distant Supervised Relation Extraction | Zechen Meng, Wenbin Zhang, Mankun Zhao, Tianyi Xu, Jian Yu, Ruiguo Yu and Mei Yu 
 M1827 | Limited Voting for Better Representation? | Maaike Venema-Los, Zoé Christoff and Davide Grossi 
 M1839 | Model Priming with Triplet Loss for Few-Shot Emotion Classification in Text | Jens Lemmens and Walter Daelemans 
 M1850 | ReactAIvate: A Deep Learning Approach to Predicting Reaction Mechanisms and Unmasking Reactivity Hotspots | Ajnabiul Hoque, Manajit Das, Mayank Baranwal and Raghavan B Sunoj 
 M1852 | Reduce, Reuse, Recycle: Categories for Compositional Reinforcement Learning | Georgios Bakirtzis, Michail Savvas, Ruihan Zhao, Sandeep Chinchali and Ufuk Topcu 
 M1854 | Enabling Causal Discovery in Post-Nonlinear Models with Normalizing Flows | Nu Hoang, Bao Duong and Thin Nguyen 
 M1855 | Revisiting Vacuous Reduct Semantics for Abstract Argumentation | Lydia Blümel and Matthias Thimm 
 M1856 | Unveiling the Power of Sparse Neural Networks for Feature Selection | Zahra Atashgahi, Tennison Liu, Mykola Pechenizkiy, Raymond Veldhuis, Decebal Constantin Mocanu and Mihaela van der Schaar 
 M1860 | Efficient Initial Data Selection and Labeling for Multi-Class Classification Using Topological Analysis | Lies Hadjadj, Emilie Devijver, Rémi Molinier and Massih-Reza Amini 
 M1867 | Scalable Variational Causal Discovery Unconstrained by Acyclicity | Nu Hoang, Bao Duong and Thin Nguyen 
 M1869 | Control by Adding Players to Change or Maintain the Shapley–Shubik or the Penrose–Banzhaf Power Index in Weighted Voting Games Is Complete for NP^PP | Joanna Kaczmarek and Jörg Rothe 
 M1892 | Multi-View Prompt for Fine-Grained Multimodal NER and Grounding [not presented] | Jintao Liu, Chenglong Liu and Kaiwen Wei 
 M1893 | Deep Mapper: Efficient Visualization of Plausible Conformational Pathways | Ziyad Oulhaj, Yoshiyuki Ishii, Kento Ohga, Kimihiro Yamazaki, Mutsuyo Wada, Yuhei Umeda, Takashi Katoh, Yuichiro Wada and Hiroaki Kurihara 
 M1904 | On explaining with attention matrices | Omar Naim and Nicholas Asher 
 M1911 | Boundary-Enhanced Instance Segmentation | Fangyuan Zhang, Tianxiang Pan, Yu-Wing Tai and Bin Wang 
 M1912 | Enhancing Hate Speech Annotations with Background Semantics | Paula Reyero Lobo, Enrico Daga, Harith Alani and Miriam Fernandez 
 M1913 | Symmetry-Breaking Constraints for Directed Graphs | Jussi Rintanen and Masood Feyzbakhsh Rankooh 
 M1917 | Fact Probability Vector Based Goal Recognition | Nils Wilken, Lea Cohausz, Christian Bartelt and Heiner Stuckenschmidt 
 M1923 | Reasonable Gradients for Online Training Algorithms in Spiking Neural Networks | Lang Xue, Hanwen Liu, Jing Wang and Hong Qu 
 M1929 | A Lazy Approach to Neural Numerical Planning with Control Parameters | René Heesch, Alessandro Cimatti, Jonas Ehrhardt, Alexander Diedrich and Oliver Niggemann 
 M1974 | Prompt Based Data Augmentation Using Contrastive Learning Under Scarcity of Annotated Data | Muhammad Uzair Ul Haq, Davide Rigoni and Alessandro Sperduti 
 M1980 | Augmented prediction of a true class for Positive Unlabeled data under selection bias | Jan Mielniczuk and Adam Wawrzeńczyk 
 M1981 | Synthesis of Reward Machines for Multi-Agent Equilibrium Design | Muhammad Najib and Giuseppe Perelli 
 M1982 | Spatial and Frequency-based Feature Reconstruction for Cross-Database Micro-Expression Recognition | Zhi Feng, C. L. Philip Chen, Shiting Xu and Tong Zhang 
 M1985 | Offline Model-Based Reinforcement Learning with Anti-Exploration | Padmanaba Srinivasan and William J. Knottenbelt 
 M1987 | Learning in Multi-Objective Public Goods Games with Non-Linear Utilities | Nicole Orzan, Erman Acar, Davide Grossi, Patrick Mannion and Roxana Radulescu 
 M1991 | DecorTAD: Diffusion Based Conditional Representation Learning for Online Trajectory Anomaly Detection | Chen Wang, Sarah Erfani, Tansu Alpcan and Christopher Leckie 
 M1993 | Robust Monocular Depth Estimation in Adverse Weather Conditions by Unsupervised Domain Adaptation | Jihui Lee, Quoc-Vinh Lai-Dang, Neha Sengar and Dongsoo Har 
 M2000 | SecPE: Secure Prompt Ensembling for Private and Robust Large Language Models | Jiawen Zhang, Kejia Chen, Zunlei Feng, Jian Lou and Mingli Song 
 M2002 | Model Provenance via Model DNA | Xin Mu, Yu Wang, Yehong Zhang, Jiaqi Zhang, Hui Wang, Yang Xiang and Yue Yu 
 M2003 | DeepDFA: Automata Learning through Neural Probabilistic Relaxations | Elena Umili and Roberto Capobianco 
 M2013 | Approximate Mechanism Design for Facility Location with Multiple Objectives | Toby Walsh 
 M2020 | The Form and the Content: Non-monotonic Reasoning with Syntactic Contextual Filtering | Florence Dupin de Saint-Cyr and Pierre Bisquert 
 M2022 | Reducing Texture Bias of Deep Neural Networks via Edge Enhancing Diffusion | Edgar Heinert, Matthias Rottmann, Kira Maag and Karsten Kahl 
 M2025 | SAT-Based Approaches to Reasoning in Choice Logics | Tuomo Lehtonen, Andreas Niskanen and Matti Järvisalo 
 M2026 | Iteratively Calibrating Prompts for Unsupervised Diverse Opinion Summarization | Jian Wang, Yuqing Sun, Yanjie Liang, Xin Li and Bin Gong 
 M2033 | An Online Incremental Learning Approach for Configuring Multi-arm Bandits Algorithms | Mohammad Essa Alsomali, Roberto Rodrigues Filho, Leandro Soriano Marcolino and Barry Porter 
 M2035 | u-LLaVA: Unifying Multi-Modal Tasks via Large Language Model | Jinjin Xu, Liwu Xu, Yuzhe Yang, Xiang Li, Fanyi Wang, Yanchun Xie, Yi-Jie Huang and Yaqian Li 
 M2036 | Generating SROI− Ontologies via Knowledge Graph Query Embedding Learning | Yunjie He, Daniel Hernandez, Mojtaba Nayyeri, Bo Xiong, Yuqicheng Zhu, Evgeny Kharlamov and Steffen Staab 
 M2042 | CAMAOT: Channel-Aware Multi-Camera Active Object Tracking System | Maolong Yin, Bin Guo, Zhuo Sun, Lei Wu, Zhaotie Hao and Zhiwen Yu 
 M2044 | Night-to-Day: Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation for Nighttime Pedestrian Detection | Afnan Althoupety, Li-Yun Wang, Wu-Chi Feng and Banafsheh Rekabdar 
 M2045 | Bridging Continual Learning of Motion and Self-Supervised Representations | Matteo Tiezzi, Simone Marullo, Alessandro Betti, Michele Casoni and Stefano Melacci 
 M2049 | Inside the Black Box: Detecting Data Leakage in Pre-trained Language Encoders | Yuan Xin, Zheng Li, Ning Yu, Dingfan Chen, Mario Fritz, Michael Backes and Yang Zhang 
 M2052 | Gotta Catch 'Em All! Sequence Flaws in CEGAR for Classical Planning | Martín Pozo, Álvaro Torralba and Carlos Linares López 
 M2054 | Do we Care about Poll Manipulation in Political Elections? | Vincent Mousseau, Henri Surugue and Anaëlle Wilczynski 
 M2055 | Spatially Constrained Transformer with Efficient Global Relation Modelling for Spatio-Temporal Prediction | Ashutosh Sao and Simon Gottschalk 
 M2064 | Learning logic programs by finding minimal unsatisfiable subprograms | Andrew Cropper and Céline Hocquette 
 M2069 | Rigorous Probabilistic Guarantees for Robust Counterfactual Explanations | Luca Marzari, Francesco Leofante, Ferdinando Cicalese and Alessandro Farinelli 
 M2074 | Fairness in Repeated House Allocation | Karl Jochen Micheel and Anaëlle Wilczynski 
 M2075 | Hierarchical Average-Reward Linearly-solvable Markov Decision Processes | Guillermo Infante, Anders Jonsson and Vicenç Gómez 
 M2088 | Explaining an Agent’s Future Beliefs through Temporally Decomposing Future Reward Estimators | Mark Towers, Yali Du, Christopher Freeman and Timothy Norman 
 M2093 | A Heuristic for Optimal Total-Order HTN Planning Based on Integer Linear Programming | Conny Olz, Alexander Lodemann and Pascal Bercher 
 M2106 | MC-SORT: A Motion Correction-based Framework for Long-Term Multiple Object Tracking | Xiangyu Li, Yunchuan Qin, Ruihui Li, Guanghua Tan, Zhuo Tang and Kenli Li 
 M2110 | DINEX: Interpretable NLP via Diversified Natural Language Explanations [not presented] | Xugang Zhou, Jindian Su and Weizheng Gu 
 M2121 | Mask-Encoded Sparsification: Mitigating Biased Gradients in Communication-Efficient Split Learning | Wenxuan Zhou, Zhihao Qu, Shen-Huan Lyu, Miao Cai and Baoliu Ye 
 M2123 | A Meta-Learning Approach for Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning in Sustainable Home Energy Management | Junlin Lu, Patrick Mannion and Karl Mason 
 M2124 | Understanding the Impact of Human Oversight on Discriminatory Outcomes in AI-Supported Decision Making | Alexia Gaudeul, Ottla Arrigoni, Vasiliki Charisi, Marina Escobar-Planas and Isabelle Hupont-Torres 
 M2129 | Cliff: Leveraging Ambiguous Samples for Enhanced Test-Time Adaptation [not presented] | Xiao Chen, Qihui Zhang and Yan Wang 
 M2138 | On the Effects of Irrelevant Variables in Treatment Effect Estimation with Deep Disentanglement | Ahmad Saeed Khan, Erik Schaffernicht and Johannes Andreas Stork 
 M2139 | Advancing Topic Segmentation of Broadcasted Speech with Multilingual Semantic Embeddings | Sakshi Deo Shukla, Pavel Denisov and Tugtekin Turan 
 M2145 | The Propensity for Density in Feed-forward Models | Nandi Schoots, Alex Jackson, Ali Kholmovaia, Peter McBurney and Murray Shanahan 
 M2149 | Laner-GNN: Adapting to Long-Tail Degree Distribution with Latent Neighborhood Restorers | Lingjun Xu, Haowen Li, Guojie Song, Liang Wang and Bo Zheng 
 M2162 | Complex multi-ontology alignment through geometric operations on language embeddings | Marta Contreiras Silva, Daniel Faria and Catia Pesquita 
 M2164 | Instruction following with goal-conditioned reinforcement learning in virtual environments | Zoya Volovikova, Alexey Skrynnik, Petr Kuderov and Aleksandr I. Panov 
 M2167 | Contribution of V1 receptive field properties to corruption robustness in CNNs | Ruxandra Barbulescu, Tiago Marques and Arlindo Oliveira 
 M2169 | Diversity-enhanced Learning for Unsupervised Syntactically Controlled Paraphrase Generation | Shaojuan Wu, Jitong Li, Yue Sun, Xiaowang Zhang and Zhiyong Feng 
 M2170 | A study of prototypical network techniques for cross-subject EEG analysis | Wenchao Liu, Guangyu Wang, Yuhong He, Hongjian Bo, Lin Ma and Haifeng Li 
 M2184 | Cascade Memory for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection | Jiahao Li, Yiqiang Chen, Yunbing Xing, Yang Gu and Xiangyuan Lan 
 M2197 | TED: Accelerate Model Training by Internal Generalization | Jinying Xiao, Ping Li and Jie Nie 
 M2198 | Improving Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis via Tuple-Order Learning | Gongzhen Hu, Yuanjun Liu, Xiabing Zhou and Min Zhang 
 M2202 | Robust Deep Hawkes Process under Label Noise of Both Event and Occurrence | Xiaoyu Tan, Bin Li, Xihe Qiu, Jingjing Huang, Yinghui Xu and Wei Chu 
 M2203 | Federated Learning with Hybrid Knowledge Distillations on Long-Tailed Heterogeneous Client Data | Senbin Liu, Yuanting Zhang, Kunhua Zhang and Yi Wang 
 M2207 | Natural Mitigation of Catastrophic Interference: Continual Learning in Power-Law Learning Environments [not presented] | Atith Gandhi, Raj Shah, Vijay Marupudi and Sashank Varma 
 M2208 | Designing an XAI Interface for Tree-Based ML Models | Gilles Audemard, Sylvie Coste-Marquis, Pierre Marquis, Mehdi Sabiri and Nicolas Szczepanski 
 M2210 | ALOE: Boosting Large Language Model Fine-Tuning with Aggressive Loss-based Elimination of Samples | Alexander Demidovskij, Aleksei Trutnev, Artyom Tugaryov and Igor Salnikov 
 M2213 | On the Computation of Contrastive Explanations for Boosted Regression Trees | Gilles Audemard, Jean Marie Lagniez and Pierre Marquis 
 M2222 | Uncertainty in real-world vehicle routing | Václav Sobotka and Hana Rudová 
 M2233 | Locally-Minimal Probabilistic Explanations | Yacine Izza, Kuldeep Meel and Joao Marques-Silva 
 M2238 | Canonical Decision Diagrams Modulo Theories | Massimo Michelutti, Gabriele Masina, Giuseppe Spallitta and Roberto Sebastiani 
 M2239 | Hyperparameter Importance Analysis for Multi-Objective AutoML | Daphne Theodorakopoulos, Frederic Stahl and Marius Lindauer 
 M2242 | A Single Online Agent Can Efficiently Learn Mean Field Games | Chenyu Zhang, Xu Chen and Xuan Di 
 M2248 | Abductive and Contrastive Explanations for Scoring Rules in Voting | Clément Contet, Umberto Grandi and Jérôme Mengin 
 M2252 | Planning for Human-Robot Collaboration Scenarios with Heterogeneous Costs and Durations | Silvia Izquierdo-Badiola, Gerard Canal, Guillem Alenyà, Carlos Rizzo and Andrew Coles 
 M2258 | MCAHNN: Multi-channel EEG emotion recognition using Attention mechanism based on Householder Reflection | Qinglong Liu, Wenhao Jiang, Shihang Ding, Kaixuan Wang, Hongjian Bo, Cong Xu, Lin Ma and Haifeng Li 
 M2266 | Prompt-based Domain Incremental Learning with Modular Classification Layer | Boyu Wang, Yue Ma and Qinru Qiu 
 M2268 | Existence of MMS Allocations of Mixed Manna | Kevin Hsu 
 M2275 | IndMask: Inductive Explanation for Multivariate Time Series Black-box Models | Seham Nasr and Sandipan Sikdar 
 M2286 | Unified Video and Image Representation for Boosted Video Face Forgery Detection | Haotian Liu, Chenhui Pan, Yang Liu, Guoying Zhao and Xiaobai Li 
 M2287 | Fairness Auditing with Multi-Agent Collaboration | Martijn de Vos, Akash Dhasade, Jade Garcia Bourrée, Anne-Marie Kermarrec, Erwan Le Merrer, Benoît Rottembourg and Gilles Tredan 
 M2291 | In-Network Machine Learning for Real-Time Transaction Fraud Detection | Xinpeng Hong, Changgang Zheng and Noa Zilberman 
 M2297 | Annot-Mix: Learning with Noisy Class Labels from Multiple Annotators via a Mixup Extension | Marek Herde, Lukas Lührs, Denis Huseljic and Bernhard Sick 
 M2298 | Multi-Agent Path Finding with Task Assignment and Supporting Constraints | Caroline Bonhomme, Christophe Grand, Charles Lesire, Jean-Louis Dufour and Christophe Guettier 
 M2301 | Navigating Trade-offs: Policy Summarization in Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning | Zuzanna Osika, Jazmin Zatarain-Salazar, Frans Oliehoek and Pradeep Kumar Murukannaiah 
 M2305 | FenGe--An Interactive Framework for Improving the Utility of Deep Dune Segmentation in Geographical Tasks | Zheng Jiang, Anqi Lu, Zifeng Wu, Wei Wang, Gaowei Zhang, Eerdun Hasi and Yi Wang 
 M2307 | GraphFSA: A Finite State Automaton Framework for Algorithmic Learning on Graphs | Florian Grötschla, Joel Mathys, Christoffer Raun and Roger Wattenhofer 
 M2309 | Good Things Come to Those Who Wait: The Power of Sensing in Social Laws | Alexander Tuisov, Alexander Shleyfman and Erez Karpas 
 M2310 | Development of an Interpretable Uni-Null Neuron-Based Evolving Fuzzy Neural Network for Age Group Identification in Respondents with Diabetes | Paulo Vitor de Campos Souza and Mauro Dragoni 
 M2311 | Automated Synthesis of Certified Neural Networks | Matteo Zavatteri, Davide Bresolin and Nicolò Navarin 
 M2315 | EXPLAIN, AGREE, LEARN: Scaling Learning for Neural Probabilistic Logic | Victor Verreet, Lennert De Smet, Luc De Raedt and Emanuele Sansone 
 M2316 | Real-time goal recognition using approximations in Euclidean space | Douglas Tesch, Leonardo Amado and Felipe Meneguzzi 
 M2320 | Complexity Results and Algorithms for Manipulation and Bribery in Judgment Aggregation | Ari Conati, Andreas Niskanen, Ronald de Haan and Matti Järvisalo 
 M2329 | SaGess: A Sampling Graph Denoising Diffusion Model for Scalable Graph Generation | Stratis Limnios, Praveen Selvaraj, Mihai Cucuringu, Carsten Maple, Gesine Reinert and Andrew Elliott 
 M2332 | RTSR: A Real-Time Table Structure Recognition Approach | Nam Quan Nguyen, Xuan Phong Pham and Tuan Anh Tran 
 M2336 | VMFTransformer: An Angle-Preserving and Auto-Scaling Machine for Multi-horizon Probabilistic Forecasting | Yunyi Zhou, Ruohan Gao, Xinping Zheng, Yuchen Huang and Zhixuan Chu 
 M2337 | Multi-agent Planning using Visual Language Models | Michele Brienza, Francesco Argenziano, Vincenzo Suriani, Domenico Daniele Bloisi and Daniele Nardi 
 M2349 | Value-Based Rationales Improve Social Experience: A Multiagent Simulation Study | Sz-Ting Tzeng, Nirav Ajmeri and Munindar P. Singh 
 M2370 | Placement Aware Grasp Planning for Efficient Sequential Manipulation | Juhan Park, Daejong Jin and Kyungjae Lee 
 M2373 | Recurrent Task Specialization Network for Segmentation-aided Vascular Landmarks Detection in Retinal Images | Álvaro S. Hervella, José Rouco, Jorge Novo, Clara I. Sánchez and Marcos Ortega 
 M2374 | Diversifying the Mixture-of-Experts Representation for Language Models with Orthogonal Optimizer | Boan Liu, Liang Ding, Li Shen, Keqin Peng, Yu Cao, Dazhao Cheng and Dacheng Tao 
 M2377 | Detecting Hidden Triggers: Mapping Non-Markov Reward Functions to Markov | Gregory Hyde and Eugene Santos, Jr. 
 M2387 | A Practical Operational Semantics for Classical Planning in BDI Agents | Mengwei Xu, Tom Lumley, Ramon Fraga Pereira and Felipe Meneguzzi 
 M2389 | Monte Carlo tree search with state merging for reinforcement learning in Regular Decision Processes | Gabriel Paludo Licks, Fabio Patrizi and Giuseppe De Giacomo 
 M2390 | FltLM: An Intergrated Long-Context Large Language Model for Effective Context Filtering and Understanding | Jingyang Deng, Zhengyang Shen, Boyang Wang, Lixin Su, Suqi Cheng, Ying Nie, Junfeng Wang, Dawei Yin and Jinwen Ma 
 M2396 | Unveiling Learner Dynamics: The ECLIPSE Dataset and NeuralGaze Framework for Prolonged Engagement Assessment in Online Learning | Avinash Anand, Avni Mittal, Laavanaya Dhawan, Mahisha Ramesh, Juhi Krishnamurthy, Naman Lal, Raj Jaiswal, Pijush Bhuyan, Himani, Astha Verma, Rajiv Ratn Shah, Roger Zimmermann and Shin'Ichi Satoh 
 M2402 | RETRO-LI: Small-Scale Retrieval Augmented Generation Supporting Noisy Similarity Searches and Domain Shift Generalization | Gentiana Rashiti, Geethan Karunaratne, Mrinmaya Sachan, Abu Sebastian and Abbas Rahimi 
 M2403 | Taylor expansion in neural networks: How higher orders yield better predictions | Pavel Zwerschke, Arvid Weyrauch, Markus Götz and Charlotte Debus 
 M2407 | High-Dimensional Causal Bayesian Optimization | Yupeng Wu, Weiye Wang, Yangwenhui Zhang, Mingjia Li, Yuanhao Liu, Hong Qian and Aimin Zhou 
 M2412 | Reset It and Forget It: Relearning Last-Layer Weights Improves Continual and Transfer Learning | Lapo Frati, Neil Traft, Jeff Clune and Nick Cheney 
 M2415 | CLIP-based Cross-Level Semantic Interaction and Recombination Network for Composed Image Retrieval | Zhihang Liu, Qiang Huang and Yingying Zhu 
 M2418 | Thresholded Lexicographic Ordered Multiobjective Reinforcement Learning | Alperen Tercan and Vinayak Prabhu 
 M2421 | Machine Learning for Quantifier Selection in cvc5 | Jan Jakubuv, Mikolas Janota, Jelle Piepenbrock and Josef Urban 
 M2424 | Learning a Mini-batch Graph Transformer via Two-stage Interaction Augmentation | Wenda Li, Kaixuan Chen, Shunyu Liu, Tongya Zheng, Wenjie Huang and Mingli Song 
 M2436 | Channel Randomisation Methods for Zero-Shot Communication | Dylan Cope and Nandi Schoots 
 M2439 | Informed Spectral Normalized Gaussian Processes for Trajectory Prediction | Christian Schlauch, Christian Wirth and Nadja Klein 
 M2445 | ActivityGen: Extracting Enabled Activities from Screenshots | Harry H. Beyel, Sovin Manuel and Wil M. P. van der Aalst 
 M2447 | StyleMamba: State Space Model for Efficient Text-driven Image Style Transfer | Zijia Wang and Zhi-Song Liu 
 M2452 | Subsystem Discovery in High-Dimensional Time-Series Using Masked Autoencoders | Teemu Sarapisto, Haoyu Wei, Keijo Heljanko, Arto Klami and Laura Ruotsalainen 
 M2477 | IFH: a Diffusion Framework for Flexible Design of Graph Generative Models | Samuel Cognolato, Alessandro Sperduti and Luciano Serafini 
 M2479 | Discovering Bayesian Networks when Few Variables Matter | Madhumita Kundu, Pekka Parviainen and Saket Saurabh 
 M2482 | BRECS: Enhanced Binary Representation of Word Embeddings via Cosine Similarity | Rajdeep Sarkar, Sourav Dutta and John P. McCrae 
 M2485 | Neural Reward Machines | Elena Umili, Francesco Argenziano and Roberto Capobianco 
 M2487 | An Empirical Study of Grounding PPDDL plans for AI-Driven Robots in Social Environment | Gloria Beraldo, Angelo Oddi and Riccardo Rasconi 
 M2490 | stl2vec: Semantic and Interpretable Vector Representation of Temporal Logic | Gaia Saveri, Laura Nenzi, Luca Bortolussi and Jan Křetínský 
 M2508 | Explaining a probabilistic prediction on the simplex with Shapley compositions | Paul-Gauthier Noé, Miquel Perello-Nieto, Jean-Francois Bonastre and Peter Flach 
 M2539 | EthiX: A Dataset for Argument Scheme Classification in Ethical Debates | Elfia Bezou Vrakatseli, Oana Cocarascu and Sanjay Modgil 
 M2559 | B2MAPO: A Batch-by-Batch Multi-Agent Policy Optimization to Balance Performance and Efficiency | Wenjing Zhang, Wei Zhang, Wenqing Hu and Yifan Wang 
 M2563 | Domain-specific long text classification from sparse relevant information | Célia D'Cruz, Jean-Marc Bereder, Frédéric Precioso and Michel Riveill 
 M2565 | The Degree of Fairness in Efficient House Allocation | Hadi Hosseini, Medha Kumar and Sanjukta Roy 
 M2573 | CoTran: An LLM-based Code Translator using Reinforcement Learning with Feedback from Compiler and Symbolic Execution | Prithwish Jana, Piyush Jha, Haoyang Ju, Gautham Kishore, Aryan Mahajan and Vijay Ganesh 
 M2580 | Decentralized Unlabeled Multi-agent Pathfinding Via Target And Priority Swapping | Stepan Dergachev and Konstantin Yakovlev 
 M2590 | FedStale: leveraging stale updates in federated learning | Angelo Rodio and Giovanni Neglia 
 M2597 | Evolving A∗ to Efficiently Solve the k Shortest-Path Problem | Carlos Linares Lopez and Ian Herman 
 M2610 | NeurCAM: Interpretable Neural Clustering via Additive Models | Nakul Upadhya and Eldan Cohen 
 M2613 | Reaching New Heights in Multi-Agent Collective Construction | Martin Rameš and Pavel Surynek 
 M2624 | Ontology Text Alignment: Aligning Textual Content with Domain Terminology | Jieying Chen, Hang Dong, Jiaoyan Chen and Ian Horrocks 
 M2626 | HBIC: A Biclustering Algorithm for Heterogeneous Datasets | Adán José-García, Julie Jacques, Clement Chauvet, Vincent Sobanski and Clarisse Dhaenens 
 M2627 | Does Serendipity Enhance Recommendation Quality? Measuring Accuracy and Beyond-Accuracy Objectives of Serendipitous POI Suggestions | Imen Ben Sassi, Priit Järv and Sadok Ben Yahia 
 M2629 | A Gale-Shapley View of Unique Stable Marriages | Kartik Gokhale, Amit Kumar Mallik, Ankit Kumar Misra and Swaprava Nath 
 M2648 | Temporal Fairness in Decision Making Problems | Manuel Torres, Parisa Zehtabi, Michael Cashmore, Daniele Magazzeni and Manuela Veloso 
 M2671 | An Axiomatic Perspective on Anomaly Detection | Chester Wyke and Ruth Urner 
 M2672 | A Neural Rewriting System to Solve Algorithmic Problems | Flavio Petruzzellis, Alberto Testolin and Alessandro Sperduti 
 M2676 | GABInsight: Exploring Gender-Activity Binding Bias in Vision-Language Models [not presented] | Ali Abdollahi, Mahdi Ghaznavi, Mohammad Reza Karimi Nejad, Arash Mari Oriyad, Reza Abbasi, Ali Salesi, Melika Behjati, Mohammad Hossein Rohban and Mahdieh Soleymani Baghshah 
 M2683 | Revisiting the Dataset Bias Problem from a Statistical Perspective | Kien Do, Dung Nguyen, Hung Le, Thao Le, Dang Nguyen, Haripriya Harikumar, Truyen Tran, Santu Rana and Svetha Venkatesh 
 M2686 | Learning Compositional, Time-Varying Neural Barrier Contracts | Matthew Low, Timothy E. Wang and Pierluigi Nuzzo 
 M2693 | Deep Generative Models for Subgraph Prediction | Erfaneh Mahmoudzadeh, Parmis Naddaf, Kiarash Zahirnia and Oliver Schulte 
 M2697 | Approximate Estimation of High-dimension Execution Skill for Dynamic Agents in Continuous Domains | Delma Nieves-Rivera and Christopher Archibald 
 M2711 | Enhancing Stance Detection on Social Media via Core Views Discovery | Yu Yan, Yinghan Shen, Teli Liu, Xuhui Jiang and Dechun Yin 
 M2719 | A More Practical Algorithm for Weighted First-Order Model Counting with Linear Order Axiom | Qiaolan Meng, Jan Tóth, Yuanhong Wang, Yuyi Wang and Ondřej Kuželka 
 M2738 | Recovering implicit physics model under real world constraints | Ayan Banerjee and Sandeep Gupta 
 M2744 | Progressive Artistic Aesthetic Enhancement For Chinese Ink Painting Style Transfer | Chihan Huang 
 M2745 | Towards Unsupervised Model Validation | Lihi Idan 
 M2804 | Mixup Your Own Latent: Efficient and Robust Self-Supervised Learning on Small Images | Eugene Yang, Hao Chen and Seokho Kang 
 M2807 | Vanilla Gradient Descent for Oblique Decision Trees | Subrat Panda, Blaise Genest, Arvind Easwaran and Ponnuthurai Suganthan 
 M2810 | Objective-Informed Diversity for Multi-Objective Multiagent Coordination | Gaurav Dixit and Kagan Tumer 
 M2817 | REFINE-LM: Mitigating Language Model Stereotypes via Reinforcement Learning | Rameez Qureshi, Es-Sebbani Naïm, Luis Galárraga, Yvette Graham, Miguel Couceiro and Zied Bouraoui 
 M2843 | A Logic for Policy Based Resource Exchanges in Multiagent Systems | Lorenzo Ceragioli, Pierpaolo Degano, Letterio Galletta and Luca Viganò 
 M2850 | Contextually Adaptive Algorithms for Gaussian Process Bandit Optimization under Heavy-tailed Noise | Hyeonjun Park and Kyungjae Lee 
 M2856 | No Transaction Fees? No Problem! Achieving Fairness in Transaction Fee Mechanism Design | Sankarshan Damle, Varul Srivastava and Sujit Gujar 
 M2867 | Measuring User Understanding in Dialogue-based XAI Systems | Dimitry Mindlin, Amelie Robrecht, Michael Morasch and Philipp Cimiano 
 M2887 | Is Contrasting All You Need? Contrastive Learning for the Detection and Attribution of AI-generated Text | Lucio La Cava, Davide Costa and Andrea Tagarelli 
 M2894 | Few-Shot Object Detection with Instance Feature Generation and Hybrid Contrastive Learning | Yuhui Wang, Bo Peng, Tianyi Qin, Jiahui Song and Xu Zhang 
 M2901 | CAGDR: Confidence-based Acceleration of Generative Document Retrieval | Rui Fang, Chin-Yuan Yeh, Hsi-Wen Chen and Ming-Syan Chen 
 M2906 | Quantifying a Causal Effect from a CPDAG with Targeted Exogenous Causal Knowledge | Mahdi Hadj Ali, Yann Le Biannic and Pierre-Henri Wuillemin 
 M2909 | Unlocking Efficiency: Adaptive Masking for Gene Transformer Models | Soumyadeep Roy, Shamik Sural and Niloy Ganguly 
 M2915 | Exploring Large Language Models Text Style Transfer Capabilities | Weijie Li, Zhentao Gu, Xiaochao Fan, Wenjun Deng, Yong Yang, Xinyuan Zhao, Yufeng Diao and Liang Yang 
 M2932 | Dynamic Multimodal Prompt Tuning: Boost Few-shot Learning with VLM-Guided Point Cloud Models | Xiang Gu, Shuchao Pang, Anan Du, Yifei Wang, Jixiang Miao and Jorge Díez 
 M2939 | Improving The Performance of Transformer-based Models Over Classical Baselines in Multiple Transliterated Languages | Fahim Ahmed, Md Fahim, Md Ashraful Amin, Amin Ahsan Ali and Akm Mahbubur Rahman 

 Journal Track  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 J1 | Levi and Harper Identities for Non-prioritized Belief Base Change | Marco Garapa, Eduardo Fermé and Maurício Reis 
 J2 | DeepSym: Deep Symbol Generation and Rule Learning for Planning from Unsupervised Robot Interaction | Alper Ahmetoglu, M. Yunus Seker, Justus Piater, Erhan Oztop and Emre Ugur 
 J3 | Object-agnostic Affordance Categorization via Unsupervised Learning of Graph Embeddings | Alexia Toumpa and Anthony G. Cohn 
 J4 | A k-additive Choquet Integral-based Approach to Approximate the SHAP Values for Local Interpretability in Machine Learning | Guilherme Pelegrina, Leonardo Duarte and Michel Grabisch 
 J5 | Lifted Reasoning for Combinatorial Counting | Pietro Totis, Jesse Davis, Luc de Raedt and Angelika Kimmig 
 J6 | An Attention Model for the Formation of Collectives in Real-World Domains | Adrià Fenoy, Filippo Bistaffa and Alessandro Farinelli 
 J7 | Undesirable Biases in NLP: Addressing Challenges of Measurement | Oskar van der Wal, Dominik Bachmann, Alina Leidinger, Leendert van Maanen, Willem Zuidema and Katrin Schulz 
 J8 | Dealing with Expert Bias in Collective Decision-making | Axel Abels, Tom Lenaerts, Vito Trianni and Ann Nowé 
 J9 | Polarized Message-Passing in Graph Neural Networks | Tiantian He, Yang Liu, Yew-Soon Ong, Xiaohu Wu and Xin Luo 
 J10 | Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning Based on Decomposition: A Taxonomy and Framework | Florian Felten, El-Ghazali Talbi and Grégoire Danoy 
 J11 | Iterative Train Scheduling under Disruption with Maximum Satisfiability | Alexandre Lemos, Filipe Gouveia, Pedro T. Monteiro and Inês Lynce 
 J12 | Right Place, Right Time: Proactive Multi-Robot Task Allocation Under Spatiotemporal Uncertainty | Charlie Street, Bruno Lacerda, Manuel Mühlig, Nick Hawes 
 J13 | Functional Relation Field: A Model-Agnostic Framework for Multivariate Time Series Forecasting | Ting Li, Bing Yu, Jianguo Li, Guoli Yang and Zhanxing Zhu 
 J14 | Dynamic Controllability of Temporal Plans in Uncertain and Partially Observable Environments | Arthur Bit-Monnot and Paul Morris 

 Demo Track  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 D1 | EVIDENT: Enhanced Visualization and Design Integration from Textual Edits and Prompts | Miguel Escarda Fernández, Xin Lin, Iñigo López-Riobóo Botana and Sonia González Vázquez 
 D7 | Device-Specific Facial Descriptors: Winning a Lottery with a SuperNet | Andrey Savchenko, Dmitry Maslov and Ilya Makarov 
 D11 | Gas Grid Copilot: Can a MORL agent assist a dispatcher in managing a gas grid? | Alexander Schiendorfer, Gheorghe Lisca, Karima Outafraout, Lilia Michailov, Pascal Kätzel and Rudolf Felix 
 D13 | Assisted Debate Builder with Large Language Models | Elliot Faugier, Frédéric Armetta, Angela Bonifati and Bruno Yun 
 D15 | Answerable Sociotechnical Systems | Dilara Keküllüoğlu, Michael Rovatsos and Nadin Kokciyan 
 D16 | ANTIDOTE: ArgumeNtaTIon-Driven explainable artificial intelligence fOr digiTal mEdicine | Cristian Cardellino, Theo Collias, Benjamin Molinet, Erwan Hain, Wei Sun, Rodrigo Agerri, Serena Villata and Elena Cabrio 
 D21 | PEACE: Providing Explanations and Analysis for Combating Hate Expressions | Greta Damo, Nicolás Benjamín Ocampo, Elena Cabrio and Serena Villata 
 D24 | EEG-based fMRI digital twin: towards a cheap and ecological approach to measure subcortical brain activity | Nikolay Dagaev, Ilia Semenkov and Alexei Ossadtchi 
 D31 | AI-powered virtual reality system for training wrist amputees to use advanced prosthetic solutions | Vladislav Aksiotis, Oleg Sazonov, Kamila Nasrulina, Daria Medvedeva, Uliya Nekrasova and Alexei Ossadtchi 
 D36 | Nissist: An Incident Mitigation Copilot based on Troubleshooting Guides | Kaikai An, Fangkai Yang, Junting Lu, Liqun Li, Zhixing Ren, Hao Huang, Lu Wang, Pu Zhao, Yu Kang, Hua Ding, Qingwei Lin, Saravan Rajmohan, Dongmei Zhang and Qi Zhang 
 D40 | A SAM based Tool for Semi-Automatic Food Annotation | Lubnaa Abdur Rahman, Ioannis Papathanail, Lorenzo Brigato and Stavroula Mougiakakou 
 D43 | CA-SER: Cross-Attention Feature Fusion for Speech Emotion Recognition | Bashar M. Deeb, Andrey Savchenko and Ilya Makarov 
 D44 | STV+FLY: On-the-Fly Model Checking of Strategic Ability in Multi-Agent Systems | Mateusz Kamiński, Damian Kurpiewski and Wojtek Jamroga 
 D46 | A Demonstration of AI Personalized Interactive Fiction for Young Children | Jasmine Lesner, Luke Murayama, Tony Guizar, Poom Phunjamaneechot and Daniel Shapiro 
 D47 | AI-Powered Immersive Assistance for Interactive Task Execution in Industrial Environments | Tomislav Duricic, Peter Müllner, Nicole Weidinger, Neven Elsayed, Dominik Kowald and Eduardo Veas 
 D48 | KGPrune: a Web Application to Extract Subgraphs of Interest from Wikidata with Analogical Pruning | Pierre Monnin, Cherif-Hassan Nousradine, Lucas Jarnac, Laurel Zuckerman and Miguel Couceiro 
 D50 | InsideOut: Unifying Emotional LLMs to Foster Empathy | Mikhail Mozikov, Nikita Severin, Maria Glushanina, Mikhail Baklashkin, Andrey Savchenko and Ilya Makarov 
 D53 | UCCIX: Irish-eXcellence Large Language Model | Khanh-Tung Tran, Barry O'Sullivan and Hoang D. Nguyen 

 PAIS  

 ID | Title | Authors 
 P2 | Equipment Condition-Integrated Predictive Modeling for Optimized Scheduling of Ion Implantation in Semiconductor Manufacturing | Andreas Laber, Martin Gebser and Konstantin Schekotihin 
 P6 | A Robust and Scalable Approach to Meet User Preferences in Research Project Planning | Roger Lera-Leri and Filippo Bistaffa 
 P18 | Interactive Example-based Explanations to Improve Health Professionals' Onboarding with AI for Human-AI Collaborative Decision Making | Min Hun Lee, Renee Bao Xuan Ng, Silvana Xinyi Choo and Shamala Do Thilarajah 
 P21 | A predictive model for risk management of the hospitalised patient as a clinical decision support system | Isabel Benlloch-Blasco, Stella Heras, Javier Palanca, Vicent Botti, Antonio Ruiz, Isabel Miguel and Mª Isabel Marmol Lopez 
 P22 | An Intelligent Pipeline for Localization of Industrial Components in Robotic Manufacturing Applications | Parth Rawal, Daniel Valencia and Wolfgang Hintze 
 P25 | More (enough) is Better: Towards Few-Shot Illegal Landfill Waste Segmentation | Matias Molina, Carlos Ferreira, Bruno Veloso, Rita P. Ribeiro and João Gama 
 P30 | Automatic Motor Imagery classification by CNN-Transformer-LSTM using multi-channel EEG signals | Duc Thien Pham and Roman Mouček 
 P35 | Large Language Models for Question Answering over Proprietary Data | Dario Garigliotti, Bjarte Johansen, Jakob Vigerust Kallestad, Seong-Eun Cho and Cesar Ferri 
 P36 | Enhancing Decision-Making in Energy Management Systems through Action-Independent Dynamics Learning | Théo Zangato, Aomar Osmani and Pegah Alizadeh 
 P37 | Predicting Solar Heat Production to Optimize Renewable Energy Usage | Tatiana Boura, Natalia Koliou, George Meramveliotakis, Stasinos Konstantopoulos and George Kosmadakis 
 P43 | Constrained LLM-based Query Generation for Question Answering on Official Statistics | Jonas Kouwenhoven, Lucas Lageweg and Benno Kruit 
 P45 | License plate images generation with diffusion models | Mariia Shpir, Nadiya Shvai and Amir Nakib 
 P46 | Entity Matching Across Small Networks Using Node Attributes | Zahra Ahmadi, Zijian Zhang, Hoang H. Nguyen, Sergio Burdisso, Srikanth Madikeri, Petr Motlicek, Erinc Dikici, Gerhard Backfried, Marek Kovac, Kvetoslav Maly and Daniel Kudenko 
 P47 | Novelty Accommodating Multi-Agent Planning in High Fidelity Simulated Open World | James Chao, Wiktor Piotrowski, Roni Stern, Héctor Ortiz-Peña, Mitch Manzanares, Shiwali Mohan and Douglas Lange 
 P48 | A Data-Driven Approach Supporting Location Decisions for Docking Stations in Bike-Sharing Systems | Blerina Spahiu, Daniela Briola, Riccardo Sartori and Giuseppe Vizzari 
 P49 | iSee: Advancing Multi-Shot Explainable AI Using Case-based Recommendations | Anjana Wijekoon, Nirmalie Wiratunga, David Corsar, Kyle Martin, Ikechukwu Nkisi-Orji, Chamath Palihawadana, Marta Caro-Martínez, Belen Díaz-Agudo, Derek Bridge and Anne Liret 
 P52 | Automated Impact Echo Spectrum Classification using U-Net Autoencoder | Artur Liebert, Fabian Dethof, Sylvia Keßler and Oliver Niggemann 
 P53 | GIF: An Automated Genomic Information Finder to Extract Data from Reports | Pavithra Rajendran, Alexandros Zenonos, Sebin Sabu, Anastasia Spiridou, Helena Spiridou Goncalves, Nastazja Laskowski, Daniel Key, Shiren Patel, Rebecca Pope and Neil Sebire 
 P54 | ConspEmoLLM: Conspiracy Theory Detection Using an Emotion-Based Large Language Model | Zhiwei Liu, Boyang Liu, Paul Thompson, Kailai Yang and Sophia Ananiadou 
 P57 | Graphite: A Graph-based Extreme Multi-Label Short Text Classifier for Keyphrase Recommendation | Ashirbad Mishra, Soumik Dey, Jinyu Zhao, Hansi Wu, Binbin Li and Kamesh Madduri 
 P60 | Enhancing Manufacturing Knowledge Access with LLMs and Context-aware Prompting | Sebastian Monka, Stefan Schmid, Irlan Grangel-Gonzalez, Lavdim Halilaj, Marc Rickart, Oliver Rudolph and Rui Dias 
 P62 | Improving Process Yield through Manufacturing Digital Twin using Conditional Synthetic Data Engine (COSYNE) | Shantanu Chandra, Matthieu Duvinage, Pks Prakash, Patrick Davis and Sander Timmer 
 P64 | Estimating the Time of Arrival of a Shipment with Machine Learning | Francesco Gibellini, Bart van Gool, Murat Firat and Stefano Bromuri 
 P68 | Federated Online Learning for Heavy Hitter Detection | Paula Silva, João Vinagre and Joao Gama 
 P70 | Frisbees and Dogs: Domain Adaptation For Object Detection with Limited Labels in Rugby Data | Will Connors, Ellen Rushe and Anthony Ventresque 
 P73 | Match'In - Pilot project of an algorithm-based decision support system for individualized recommendations of municipalities for the integration of refugees | Christian Sauer, Carsten Wenzel, Katharina Euler, Sonja Reinhold, Frank Wuttke and Björn Oitmann 
 P76 | Reverse engineering of vinyl acetate polymerizations by genetic algorithm-based multi-objective optimization | Jelena Fiosina, Philipp Sievers, Marco Drache and Sabine Beuermann 
 P80 | X-Vent: ICU Ventilation with Explainable Model-Based Reinforcement Learning | Farhad Safaei, Miloš Nenadović, Roman Liessner, Raphael Theilen, Jakob Wittenstein, Jens Lehmann and Sahar Vahdati 
 P85 | Adaptive Context Embedding for Temperature Prediction in Residential Buildings | Sai Sushanth Varma Kalidindi, Hadi Banaee, Hans Karlsson and Amy Loutfi 
 P86 | Leveraging User-Generated Reviews for Recommender Systems with Dynamic Headers | Shanu Vashishtha, Abhay Kumar, Lalitesh Morishetti, Kaushiki Nag and Kannan Achan 
 P87 | Fuzzy Ensemble Learning and Lightweight CNN for stress classification | Katarzyna Baran 
 P88 | Physics-Assisted Explainable Anomaly Detection in Power Systems | Matthew Lau, Fahad Alsaeed, Kayla Thames, Nano Suresettakul, Saman Zonouz, Wenke Lee and Athanasios P Meliopoulos 
 P90 | AI Personalized Interactive Fiction for Young Children | Jasmine Lesner, Luke Murayama, Tony Guizar, Poom Phunjamaneechot and Daniel Shapiro 
 P93 | Generative Pretrained Embedding and Hierarchical Irregular Time Series Representation for Daily Living Activity Recognition | Damien Bouchabou and Sao Mai Nguyen 
 P101 | Label Attention Network for Temporal Sets Prediction: You Were Looking at a Wrong Self-Attention | Elizaveta Kovtun, Galina Boeva, Andrey Shulga and Alexey Zaytsev 

 SPONSORSHIP  
   
 THANK YOU TO OUR SPONSORS!  
 Thanks to the sponsors who are already supporting ECAI2024. Together we are making Santiago de Compostela the world capital of AI during 19-24 October 2024.  
 Main Partners  

 Platinum Sponsors  

 Gold Sponsors  

 Silver Sponsors  

 Bronze Sponsors  

 Institutional Sponsorships  

 Organised by  

 Hosted by  

 Media accreditation & Press Inquiries  
 If you are a journalist interested in covering the ECAI 2024 conference, please contact our press office for media relations. We will assist you with any inquiries and guide you through the accreditation process to obtain your press pass for the event.  
 Contact us at   
     press@ecai2024.eu     +34 881 81 64 11    
   
 we are listening  
        I have read and agree to the PRIVACY POLICY   Send    

 Contact  e-mail: technicalsecretariat@ecai2024.eu    
  Follow us    
   
 Pictures courtesy of Fundación Cidade da Cultura and Santiagoturismo    
   
 2023 © 27th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence ECAI 2024  Privacy policy & Cookie policy    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

37. Conference DSM_0:
Skip to main content      

 Main navigation  
 Home 
  News 
  About | About FedCSIS 
  Important dates 
  Conference chairs 
  Senior Program Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Institutional Organizers 
  Policies 
  Privacy policy 
  Invitation to host FedCSIS 2026 conference (and beyond) 
  Attending | Program 
  Venue 
  Fees 
  Invited speakers 
  Social Events 
  For authors | Information for authors 
  Categories of papers 
  Submission instructions 
  Reviews and acceptance decisions 
  Publication 
  Indexation 
  Publications in journals and book series 
  Professor Zdzisław Pawlak Awards 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Call for Papers 
  Tracks | Main Track | Topical Area 1: AAIA 
  Topical Area 2: CSS 
  Topical Area 3: NSA 
  Topical Area 4: ITBS 
  Topical Area 5: S3E 
  Thematic Sessions 
  Archive | Past conference editions 
  Past keynotes 
  Proceedings 
  Professor Zdzisław Pawlak Awards 
  All archives 
  Contact 

 Search    Search    

 Home 
  Tracks 
  MDASD 

 Model Driven Approaches in System Development  
 (MDASD)  
   
 Image   

 Kraków, Poland, 14-17 September, 2025   
    
 For many years, various approaches in system design and implementation differentiate between the specification of the system and its implementation on a particular platform. People in software industry have been using models for a precise description of systems at the appropriate abstraction level without unnecessary details. Model-Driven (MD) approaches to the system development increase the importance and power of models by shifting the focus from programming to modeling activities. Models may be used as primary artifacts in constructing software, which means that software components are generated from models. Software development tools need to automate as many as possible tasks of model construction and transformation requiring the smallest amount of human interaction.  
 A goal of the proposed workshop is to bring together people working on MD approaches, techniques and tools, as well as Domain Specific Modeling (DSM) and Domain Specific Languages (DSL) and applying them in the requirements engineering, information system and application development, databases, and related areas, so that they can exchange their experience, create new ideas, evaluate and improve MD approaches and spread its use. The intention is to target an interdisciplinary nature of MD approaches in software engineering, as well as research topics expressed by but not limited to acronyms such as Model Driven Software Engineering (MDSE), Model Driven Development (MDD), Domain Specific Modeling (DSM), and OMG's Model Driven Architecture (MDA).  
 1st Workshop on MDASD was organized in the scope of ADBIS 2010 Conference, held in Novi Sad, Serbia. From 2012, MDASD becomes a regular bi-annual FedCSIS event – currently a Thematic Session.  
   
 Topics  
 Submissions are expected from, but not limited to the following topics:  
 MD Approaches in System Design and Implementation – Problems and Issues 
  MD Approaches in Software Process Models, Software Quality and Standards 
  MD Approaches in Databases, Information Systems, Embedded and Real-Time Systems 
  Metamodeling, Modeling and Specification Languages, Model Transformation Languages 
  Model-to-Model, Model-to-Text, and Model-to-Code Transformations in Software Process 
  Transformation Techniques and Tools 
  Domain Specific Languages (DSL) and Domain Specific Modeling (DSM) in System Specification and Development 
  Design of Metamodeling and Modeling Languages and Tools 
  MD Approaches in Requirements Engineering, Document Engineering and Business Process Modeling 
  MD Approaches in System Reengineering and Reverse Engineering 
  MD Approaches in HCI and UX Design, GIS Development, and Cyber-Physical Systems 
  Low-Code and No-Code software development – research, experiences and challenges 
  Model Based Software Verification 
  Artificial Intelligence (AI) for MD and MD for AI-based system development 
  Theoretical and Mathematical Foundations of MD Approaches 
  Multi-View, Multi-Paradigm and Blended Modeling 
  Organizational and Human Factors, Skills, and Qualifications for MD Approaches 
  Teaching MD Approaches in Academic and Industrial Environments 
  MD Applications, Industry Experience, Case Studies, relationship with IoT and Industry 4.0 
   Thematic Session organizers  
 Milašinović, Boris | , University of Zagreb, Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, Croatia 
  Luković, Ivan | , University of Belgrade, Serbia 
  Gray, Jeff | , University of Alabama, United States 
  Mernik, Marjan | , University of Maribor, Slovenia 
  Ristić, Sonja | , University of Novi Sad, Faculty of Technical Sciences, Serbia 
  Tolvanen, Juha-Pekka | , MetaCase, Finland 
   Contact: mdasd@fedcsis.org    
 Submission rules  
 Authors should submit their papers as Postscript, PDF or MSWord files. 
  The total length of a paper | should not exceed 12 pages | IEEE style (including tables, figures and references). More pages can be added, for an additional fee. IEEE style templates are available | here | . 
  Papers will be refereed and accepted on the basis of their scientific merit and relevance to the Topical Area. 
  Preprints containing accepted papers will be published online. 
  Only | papers presented at the conference will be published in Conference Proceedings and submitted for inclusion in the IEEE Xplore® database. 
  Conference proceedings will be published in a volume with ISBN, ISSN and DOI numbers and posted at the conference WWW site. 
  Conference proceedings will be submitted for indexation according to information | here | . 
  Organizers reserve right to move accepted papers between FedCSIS Tracks. 

  There is a possibility of selecting extended versions of the best papers for further procedure in the journals: ComSIS  , ISI IF(2022) = 1.4, and COLA  , ISI IF(2022) = 2.2.  
  History  
 MDASD 2022 
  MDASD 2020 
  MDASD 2018 
  MDASD 2016 
  MDASD 2014 
  MDASD 2012 
  MDASD 2010 

 Share:  
    
               Copied to clipboard   

 hrule   

 Important dates  
 Thematic Session proposal submission: | 26.11.2025 
  Paper submission (no extensions): | TBA 
  Position paper submission: | TBA 
  Author notification: | TBA 
  Final paper submission, registration: | TBA 
  Early registration discount: | TBA 
  Conference date: | September 14-17 

 FedCSIS 2025 is organized by  
   
 Image   

 Image   

 Image   

 Image   

 Image   

 Important dates  
 Thematic Session proposal submission: | 26.11.2025 
  Paper submission (no extensions): | TBA 
  Position paper submission: | TBA 
  Author notification: | TBA 
  Final paper submission, registration: | TBA 
  Early registration discount: | TBA 
  Conference date: | September 14-17 

 Social media  
 Join FedCSIS on:   
 Image   

 Image   

 Image   

 Technical co-sponsors  
   
 Image   

 IEEE Poland Section   

 Image   

 Czechoslovakia Section Computer Society Chapterr   
 Poland Section Computer Society (Gdańsk) Chapter   

 Image   

  Poland Section of IEEE Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society Chapter   

 Image   

 Poland Section of IEEE Computational Intelligence Society Chapter   
 Serbia and Montenegro Section of IEEE Computational Intelligence Society Chapter   

 Image   

  Serbia and Montenegro Section of IEEE Young Professionals Affinity Group   

 Image   

  Committee of Computer Science of the Polish Academy of Sciences   

 Image   

  Mazovia Cluster ICT   

 Sponsors and partners  
  Previous    Next     

 Image   

  Strategic Partner:  QED Software   

 Footer  
 Contact us 
  About FedCSIS 
  Conference chairs 

 Conference on Computer Science and Intelligence Systems   
   
 © 2024 FedCSIS   

  
Call for papers data: 
    

 Main navigation  
 Home 
  News 
  About | About FedCSIS 
  Important dates 
  Conference chairs 
  Senior Program Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Institutional Organizers 
  Policies 
  Privacy policy 
  Invitation to host FedCSIS 2026 conference (and beyond) 
  Attending | Program 
  Venue 
  Fees 
  Invited speakers 
  Social Events 
  For authors | Information for authors 
  Categories of papers 
  Submission instructions 
  Reviews and acceptance decisions 
  Publication 
  Indexation 
  Publications in journals and book series 
  Professor Zdzisław Pawlak Awards 
  Best Paper Awards 
  Call for Papers 
  Tracks | Main Track | Topical Area 1: AAIA 
  Topical Area 2: CSS 
  Topical Area 3: NSA 
  Topical Area 4: ITBS 
  Topical Area 5: S3E 
  Thematic Sessions 
  Archive | Past conference editions 
  Past keynotes 
  Proceedings 
  Professor Zdzisław Pawlak Awards 
  All archives 
  Contact 

 Search    Search    

 Home 
  Call for Papers 

 To be announced  

 Main Track  
 Topical Area 1: | Advanced Artificial Intelligence in Applications 
  Topical Area 2: | Computer Science & Systems 
  Topical Area 3: | Network Systems and Applications 
  Topical Area 4: | Information Technology for Business and Society 
  Topical Area 5: | Software, System and Service Engineering 
  Thematic Sessions  
 Call for thematic sessions is ongoing   
  
 Competitions   
 To be announced  

 Important dates  
 Thematic Session proposal submission: | 26.11.2025 
  Paper submission (no extensions): | TBA 
  Position paper submission: | TBA 
  Author notification: | TBA 
  Final paper submission, registration: | TBA 
  Early registration discount: | TBA 
  Conference date: | September 14-17 

 Share:  
    
               Copied to clipboard   

 hrule   

 Important dates  
 Thematic Session proposal submission: | 26.11.2025 
  Paper submission (no extensions): | TBA 
  Position paper submission: | TBA 
  Author notification: | TBA 
  Final paper submission, registration: | TBA 
  Early registration discount: | TBA 
  Conference date: | September 14-17 

 FedCSIS 2025 is organized by  
   
 Image   

 Image   

 Image   

 Image   

 Image   

 Important dates  
 Thematic Session proposal submission: | 26.11.2025 
  Paper submission (no extensions): | TBA 
  Position paper submission: | TBA 
  Author notification: | TBA 
  Final paper submission, registration: | TBA 
  Early registration discount: | TBA 
  Conference date: | September 14-17 

 Social media  
 Join FedCSIS on:   
 Image   

 Image   

 Image   

 Technical co-sponsors  
   
 Image   

 IEEE Poland Section   

 Image   

 Czechoslovakia Section Computer Society Chapterr   
 Poland Section Computer Society (Gdańsk) Chapter   

 Image   

  Poland Section of IEEE Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society Chapter   

 Image   

 Poland Section of IEEE Computational Intelligence Society Chapter   
 Serbia and Montenegro Section of IEEE Computational Intelligence Society Chapter   

 Image   

  Serbia and Montenegro Section of IEEE Young Professionals Affinity Group   

 Image   

  Committee of Computer Science of the Polish Academy of Sciences   

 Image   

  Mazovia Cluster ICT   

 Sponsors and partners  
  Previous    Next     

 Image   

  Strategic Partner:  QED Software   

 Footer  
 Contact us 
  About FedCSIS 
  Conference chairs 

 Conference on Computer Science and Intelligence Systems   
   
 © 2024 FedCSIS   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

38. Conference EC-TEL_2:
JavaScript is not available.  
 We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center.  
 Help Center   
 Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policy  Imprint  Ads info  © 2024 X Corp.  

 Something went wrong, but don’t fret — let’s give it another shot.    
  
   Try again    
   Some privacy related extensions may cause issues on x.com. Please disable them and try again.    

                  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

39. Conference DSM_1:
Write a Blog >>  SPLASH 2019   Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2019 Athens, Greece    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Royal Olympic Hotel 
  Banquet Venue: Aegli 
  Awards 
  Local information 
  Students 
  Registration 
  Visa 
  Sponsoring SPLASH 
  Code of conduct 
  Remote participation 
  Program | SPLASH Program 
  Your Program 
   Sun 20 Oct 
  Mon 21 Oct 
  Tue 22 Oct 
  Wed 23 Oct 
  Thu 24 Oct 
  Fri 25 Oct 
  Tracks | SPLASH 2019 
  Keynotes 
  OOPSLA 
  PLMW 
  SPLASH-E 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Onward! Papers 
  Onward! Essays 
  Rebase 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Workshops 
  Posters 
  SRC 
  Student Volunteers 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  GPCE 
  MPLR 
  SLE 
  Workshops 
  AGERE 
  AI-SEPS 
  DSM 
  IC 
  LIVE 
  META 
  NJR 
  REBLS 
  STOKED 
  VMIL | VMIL 
  - Keynote 1: How did we get here and where can we go next? (Joint with MPLR, in Room 1) 
  - Keynote 2: Who is afraid of the Turnstile? 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  DLS 
  Organization | SPLASH 2019 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Track Committees 
  OOPSLA | Review Committee 
  External Review Committee 
  PLMW | Organizing Committee 
  Speakers & Panelists 
  SPLASH-E | Program Commitee 
  Steering Committee 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Onward! Papers | Program Committee 
  Onward! Steering Committee 
  Onward! Essays | Program Committee 
  Onward! Steering Committee 
  Rebase 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Workshops 
  Posters 
  SRC | Organizers 
  Reviewers 
  Judges 
  Student Volunteers 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  GPCE | Keynote Speaker 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  MPLR | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  SLE | Organizing Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Workshops 
  AGERE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  AI-SEPS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  DSM | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  IC | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  LIVE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  META | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  NJR | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  REBLS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  STOKED | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  VMIL | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  DLS | Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SPLASH 2025 
  SPLASH 2024 
  SPLASH 2023 
  SPLASH 2022 
  SPLASH 2021 
  SPLASH 2020 
  SPLASH 2019 
  SPLASH 2018 
  SPLASH 2017 
  SPLASH 2016 
  SPLASH 2015 
  SPLASH 2014 
  SPLASH 2013 
  SPLASH 2012 
  SPLASH 2011 
   SPLASH 2010 
   OOPSLA 2009 
  OOPSLA 2008 
  OOPSLA 2007 
  OOPSLA 2006 
  OOPSLA 2005 
  OOPSLA 2004 
  OOPSLA 2003 
  OOPSLA 2002 
  OOPSLA 2001 
  OOPSLA 2000 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  SPLASH 2019  ( series  ) /  DSM'19 ( series  ) /  DSM'19  
   
 About 
  Program 
  Workshop events 
  Call for Papers and Demonstrations 
  Domain-Specific Modeling (DSM) languages provide a viable and time-tested solution for continuing to raise the level of abstraction, and thus productivity, beyond coding, making systems and software development faster and easier.  
 In DSM, the models are constructed using concepts that represent things in the application domain, not concepts of a given programming language. The modeling language follows the domain abstractions and semantics, allowing developers to perceive them-selves as working directly with domain concepts. Together with frameworks and platforms, DSM can automate a large portion of software production.  
 ACM DL provides the proceedings of the workshop   
   
 Plenary    

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT+03:00) Beirut  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT+03:00) Beirut    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-05:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-03:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+10:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+11:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+11:00) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+12:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+13:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+13:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Sun 20 Oct   
  
 Displayed time zone: Beirut  change      

 09:00 - 10:30 | Introduction and keynote DSM   at Room 1B   
  Chair(s): Jeff Gray  University of Alabama  , Matti Rossi  Aalto University School of Business  , Jonathan Sprinkle  University of Arizona  , Juha-Pekka Tolvanen  MetaCase 
 09:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Introduction   DSM 
 09:30   
 60m    
 Industry talk | A mosaic of models as the driver for Domain-Specific Modeling in the Robotics Industry - Keynote by Anastasia Mavrommati, MathWorks   DSM 

 10:30 - 11:00 | Coffee break Catering   at Break area 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Coffee break | Break   Catering 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Language engineering DSM   at Room 1B   
  Chair(s): Juha-Pekka Tolvanen  MetaCase 
 11:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Methodology to develop Domain Specific Modeling Languages   DSM 
 11:20   
 20m    
 Talk | A Constraint Modeling Framework for Domain-Specific Languages   DSM 
 11:40   
 20m    
 Talk | A Meta-Metamodel for Dynamic Constraint Feedback in Modeling Languages   DSM 
 12:00   
 20m    
 Talk | ModelFlow: Towards Reactive Model Management Workflows   DSM 

 12:30 - 14:00 | Lunch Catering   at Restaurant 

 14:00 - 15:30 | Experience reports and demo DSM   at Room 1B   
  Chair(s): Matti Rossi  Aalto University School of Business 
 14:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Mind the Gap: Lessons Learned from Translating Grammars between MontiCore and Xtext   DSM 
 14:20   
 20m    
 Talk | Experience Report on the Development of a Specialized Multi-Views Multi-Stakeholders Model-based Engineering Framework   DSM 
 14:40   
 20m    
 Demonstration | Mutation Testing for DSLs: Tool Demo   DSM 
 15:00   
 30m    
 Meeting | Group work topic selection   DSM 

 15:30 - 16:00 | Coffee break Catering   at Break area 
 15:30   
 30m    
 Coffee break | Break   Catering 

 16:00 - 17:30 | Group work and reporting DSM   at Room 1B   
  Chair(s): Jeff Gray  University of Alabama 
 16:00   
 60m    
 Meeting | Group work   DSM 
 17:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Group work reporting   DSM 

 Workshop events  
  
 Title 
 A Constraint Modeling Framework for Domain-Specific Languages  DSM 
 A Meta-Metamodel for Dynamic Constraint Feedback in Modeling Languages  DSM 
 A mosaic of models as the driver for Domain-Specific Modeling in the Robotics Industry - Keynote by Anastasia Mavrommati, MathWorks  DSM 
 Experience Report on the Development of a Specialized Multi-Views Multi-Stakeholders Model-based Engineering Framework  DSM 
 Group work  DSM 
 Group work reporting  DSM 
 Group work topic selection  DSM 
 Introduction  DSM 
 Methodology to develop Domain Specific Modeling Languages  DSM 
 Mind the Gap: Lessons Learned from Translating Grammars between MontiCore and Xtext  DSM 
 ModelFlow: Towards Reactive Model Management Workflows  DSM 
 Mutation Testing for DSLs: Tool Demo  DSM 

 Call for Papers and Demonstrations  
  
 The goals of the workshop are to collect and exchange experiences related to building and using DSMs; continue building and extending the DSM community; and address in focus groups the issues raised in the presented papers and at previous workshops  .  
 The 17th workshop on DSM welcomes submissions that address Domain-Specific Modeling on practical or theoretical levels. They can be research papers, experience reports, position papers or demonstration papers. Some of the issues that we would like to see addressed in this workshop are:  
 Industry/academic experience reports describing success/failure in implementing and using DSM languages/tools 
  Approaches to identify constructs for DSM languages 
  Novel features in language workbenches / tools to support DSM 
  Approaches to implement metamodel-based modeling languages 
  Metamodeling frameworks and languages 
  Modularization technologies for DSM languages and models 
  Novel approaches for code generation from domain-specific models 
  Issues of support/maintenance for systems built with DSM 
  Evolution of languages along with their domain 
  Organizational and process issues in DSM adoption and use 
  Format and Submission   
 Authors are invited to submit their papers in PDF using the submission system at https://dsm19.hotcrp.com/  .  
 Full papers: up to 10 pages, including references 
  Demo papers: up to 2 pages, excluding references 
  Submissions should use the ACM SIGPLAN Conference acmart Format with ‘sigplan’ Subformat  , 10 point font. All submissions should be in PDF format. If you use LaTeX or Word, please use the provided ACM SIGPLAN acmart Templates provided here  . Otherwise, follow the author instructions.  
 If you are formatting your paper using LaTeX, you will need to set the 10pt option in the \documentclass command. If you are formatting your paper using Word, you may wish to use the provided Word template that supports this font size. Please include page numbers in your submission with the LaTeX \settopmatter{printfolios=true} command. Please also ensure that your submission is legible when printed on a black and white printer. In particular, please check that colors remain distinct and font sizes are legible.  
 Accepted full papers will be published in ACM DL.  

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Sun 20 Oct 2019   
  Workshop 
 Sat 14 Sep 2019  
  Registration deadline 
 Mon 9 Sep 2019  
  Camera Ready Due 
 Mon 2 Sep 2019  
  Acceptance Notification 
 Mon 5 Aug 2019   
  Extended Submission Deadline 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://dsm19.hotcrp.com/     
   
 Organizing Committee    
   
 Jeff Gray    
 University of Alabama 
  Matti Rossi    
 Aalto University School of Business 
  Jonathan Sprinkle    
 University of Arizona 
  Juha-Pekka Tolvanen    
 MetaCase   
 Finland 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Ankica Barisic    
 NOVA-LINCS - Universidade Nova de Lisboa   
 Portugal 
  Christian Berger    
 Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden 
  Maicon Bernardino    
 Federal University of Pampa, Brazil   
 Brazil 
  Erwan Bousse    
 University of Nantes   
 France 
  Marco Brambilla    
 Politecnico di Milano   
 Italy 
  Ruth Breu 
  Javier Luis Cánovas Izquierdo    
 IN3 - UOC   
 Spain 
  Verislav Djukic    
 Djukic Software   
 Germany 
  Steven Kelly    
 MetaCase   
 United Kingdom 
  Ileana Ober    
 University of Toulouse 
  Naoyasu Ubayashi    
 Kyushu University   
 Japan 
  Juan de Lara    
 Universidad Autonoma de Madrid 

 x  Thu 5 Dec 12:00    

  SPLASH 2019   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Keynotes   
  OOPSLA   
  PLMW   
  SPLASH-E   
  OOPSLA Artifacts   
  Onward! Papers   
  Onward! Essays   
  Rebase   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Workshops   
  Posters   
  SRC   
  Student Volunteers    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 GPCE 2019   
  MPLR 2019   
  SLE 2019   
  Workshops  
 AGERE 2019   
  AI-SEPS 2019   
  DSM'19   
  IC 2019   
  LIVE 2019   
  META 2019   
  NJR 2019   
  REBLS 2019   
  STOKED 2019   
  VMIL 2019   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 DLS 2019    

 Attending  
 Venue: Royal Olympic Hotel   
  Banquet Venue: Aegli   
  Awards   
  Local information   
  Students   
  Registration   
  Visa   
  Sponsoring SPLASH   
  Code of conduct   
  Remote participation    
 Sign Up    

  
Call for papers data: 
Write a Blog >>  SPLASH 2019   Sun 20 - Fri 25 October 2019 Athens, Greece    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Royal Olympic Hotel 
  Banquet Venue: Aegli 
  Awards 
  Local information 
  Students 
  Registration 
  Visa 
  Sponsoring SPLASH 
  Code of conduct 
  Remote participation 
  Program | SPLASH Program 
  Your Program 
   Sun 20 Oct 
  Mon 21 Oct 
  Tue 22 Oct 
  Wed 23 Oct 
  Thu 24 Oct 
  Fri 25 Oct 
  Tracks | SPLASH 2019 
  Keynotes 
  OOPSLA 
  PLMW 
  SPLASH-E 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Onward! Papers 
  Onward! Essays 
  Rebase 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Workshops 
  Posters 
  SRC 
  Student Volunteers 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  GPCE 
  MPLR 
  SLE 
  Workshops 
  AGERE 
  AI-SEPS 
  DSM 
  IC 
  LIVE 
  META 
  NJR 
  REBLS 
  STOKED 
  VMIL | VMIL 
  - Keynote 1: How did we get here and where can we go next? (Joint with MPLR, in Room 1) 
  - Keynote 2: Who is afraid of the Turnstile? 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  DLS 
  Organization | SPLASH 2019 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Track Committees 
  OOPSLA | Review Committee 
  External Review Committee 
  PLMW | Organizing Committee 
  Speakers & Panelists 
  SPLASH-E | Program Commitee 
  Steering Committee 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Onward! Papers | Program Committee 
  Onward! Steering Committee 
  Onward! Essays | Program Committee 
  Onward! Steering Committee 
  Rebase 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Workshops 
  Posters 
  SRC | Organizers 
  Reviewers 
  Judges 
  Student Volunteers 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Conferences 
  GPCE | Keynote Speaker 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  MPLR | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  SLE | Organizing Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Workshops 
  AGERE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  AI-SEPS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  DSM | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  IC | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  LIVE | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  META | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  NJR | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  REBLS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  STOKED | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  VMIL | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  DLS | Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SPLASH 2025 
  SPLASH 2024 
  SPLASH 2023 
  SPLASH 2022 
  SPLASH 2021 
  SPLASH 2020 
  SPLASH 2019 
  SPLASH 2018 
  SPLASH 2017 
  SPLASH 2016 
  SPLASH 2015 
  SPLASH 2014 
  SPLASH 2013 
  SPLASH 2012 
  SPLASH 2011 
   SPLASH 2010 
   OOPSLA 2009 
  OOPSLA 2008 
  OOPSLA 2007 
  OOPSLA 2006 
  OOPSLA 2005 
  OOPSLA 2004 
  OOPSLA 2003 
  OOPSLA 2002 
  OOPSLA 2001 
  OOPSLA 2000 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  SPLASH 2019  ( series  ) /  Onward! Papers SPLASH 2019   
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Call for Papers 
  Onward! is a premier multidisciplinary conference focused on everything to do with programming and software: including processes, methods, languages, communities, applications and education. Onward! is more radical, more visionary, and more open than other conferences to ideas that are well-argued but not yet proven. We welcome different ways of thinking about, approaching, and reporting on programming language and software engineering research.  
 The Character of Onward!   
 Onward! is looking for grand visions and new paradigms that could make a big difference in how we will one day build software. But Onward! is not looking for research-as-usual papers—conferences like OOPSLA are the place for that. Those conferences require rigorous validation such as theorems or empirical experiments, which are necessary for scientific progress, but which typically preclude discussion of early-stage ideas. Onward! papers must also supply some degree of validation because mere speculation is not a good basis for progress. However, Onward! accepts less rigorous methods of validation such as compelling arguments, exploratory implementations, and substantial examples. The use of worked-out examples to support new ideas is strongly encouraged.  
 Onward! is reaching out for constructive criticism of current software development technology and practices, and to present ideas that could change the realm of software development. Experienced researchers, graduate students, practitioners, and anyone else dissatisfied with the state of our art is encouraged to share insights about how to reform software development.  
 Onward! welcomes your submissions to join the conversation for the good of our field.  
   
 Dates    

 Plenary    

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT+03:00) Beirut  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT+03:00) Beirut    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-05:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-03:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-04:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-03:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+10:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+11:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+11:00) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+12:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+13:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+13:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Wed 23 Oct   
  
 Displayed time zone: Beirut  change      

 09:00 - 10:30 | Rebase Keynote (Might) Rebase  / Keynotes   at Olympia   
  Chair(s): Michael Carbin  Massachusetts Institute of Technology  , Shan Shan Huang  Relational.ai  , Yannis Smaragdakis  University of Athens 
 09:00   
 20m    
 Day opening | Welcome, Introduction   Rebase   
 Yannis Smaragdakis  University of Athens  , Shan Shan Huang  Relational.ai  , Michael Carbin  Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
 09:20   
 70m    
 Talk | The Algorithm for Precision Medicine   Keynotes   
 K:  Matthew Might  University of Alabama at Birmingham | Harvard Medical School 

 10:30 - 11:00 | Coffee break Catering   at Break area 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Onward! Papers 1 Onward! Papers   at Templars   
  Chair(s): Wolfgang De Meuter  Vrije Universiteit Brussel 
 11:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Deployable Probabilistic Programming   Onward! Papers   
 David Tolpin  PUB+ 
 11:30   
 30m    
 Talk | An Approach for Persistent Time-Varying Values   Onward! Papers   
 Tetsuo Kamina  Oita University  , Tomoyuki Aotani  Tokyo Institute of Technology 
 12:00   
 30m    
 Talk | CallƐ: An Effect System for Method Calls   Onward! Papers   
 Isaac Oscar Gariano  Victoria University of Wellington  , James Noble  Victoria University of Wellington  , Marco Servetto  Victoria University Wellington, New Zealand 

 12:30 - 14:00 | Lunch Catering   at Restaurant 

 14:00 - 15:30 | Onward! Papers 2 Onward! Papers   at Templars   
  Chair(s): Hidehiko Masuhara  Tokyo Institute of Technology 
 14:00   
 30m    
 Talk | AlleAlle: Bounded Relational Model Finding with Unbounded Data   Onward! Papers   
 Jouke Stoel  CWI  , Tijs van der Storm  CWI & University of Groningen, Netherlands  , Jurgen Vinju  CWI, Netherlands    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 14:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Active Learning for Software Engineering   Onward! Papers   
 José Pablo Cambronero  MIT  , Thurston HY Dang  MIT  , Nikos Vasilakis  MIT CSAIL, USA  , Jiasi Shen  Massachusetts Institute of Technology  , Jerry Wu  MIT  , Martin C. Rinard  MIT 

 15:30 - 16:00 | Coffee break Catering   at Break area 

 Thu 24 Oct   
  
 Displayed time zone: Beirut  change      

 10:30 - 11:00 | Coffee break Catering   at Break area 

 11:00 - 12:30 | Onward! Papers 3 Onward! Papers   at Templars   
  Chair(s): Tobias Wrigstad  Uppsala University 
 11:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Declarative Assembly of Web Applications from Predefined Concepts   Onward! Papers   
 Santiago Perez De Rosso  MIT CSAIL  , Daniel Jackson  MIT  , Maryam Archie  MIT  , Czarina Lao  MIT  , Barry A. McNamara III  MIT    
  Link to publication   Pre-print   Media Attached 
 11:30   
 30m    
 Talk | GoTcha: An Interactive Debugger for GoT-Based Distributed Systems   Onward! Papers   
 Rohan Achar  UC Irvine  , Pritha Dawn  UC Irvine  , Crista Lopes  UC Irvine    
  Pre-print 
 12:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Storage Combinators   Onward! Papers   
 Marcel Weiher  Hasso-Plattner-Institut (HPI), Germany  , Robert Hirschfeld  Hasso-Plattner-Institut (HPI), Germany    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 

 12:30 - 14:00 | Lunch Catering   at Restaurant 

 14:00 - 15:30 | Onward! Papers 4 Onward! Papers   at Templars   
  Chair(s): Hidehiko Masuhara  Tokyo Institute of Technology 
 14:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Property Conveyances as a Programming Language   Onward! Papers   
 Shrutarshi Basu  Cornell University  , Nate Foster  Cornell University  , James Grimmelmann  Cornell University    
  Pre-print 
 14:30   
 30m    
 Talk | The Adverse Effects of Code Duplication in Machine Learning Models of Code   Onward! Papers   
 Miltiadis Allamanis  Microsoft Research, Cambridge    
  DOI   Pre-print 

 15:30 - 16:00 | Coffee break Catering   at Break area 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 Active Learning for Software Engineering  Onward! Papers   
 José Pablo Cambronero  , Thurston HY Dang  , Nikos Vasilakis  , Jiasi Shen  , Jerry Wu  , Martin C. Rinard 
 AlleAlle: Bounded Relational Model Finding with Unbounded Data  Onward! Papers   
 Jouke Stoel  , Tijs van der Storm  , Jurgen Vinju    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 An Approach for Persistent Time-Varying Values  Onward! Papers   
 Tetsuo Kamina  , Tomoyuki Aotani 
 CallƐ: An Effect System for Method Calls  Onward! Papers   
 Isaac Oscar Gariano  , James Noble  , Marco Servetto 
 Declarative Assembly of Web Applications from Predefined Concepts  Onward! Papers   
 Santiago Perez De Rosso  , Daniel Jackson  , Maryam Archie  , Czarina Lao  , Barry A. McNamara III    
  Link to publication   Pre-print   Media Attached 
 Deployable Probabilistic Programming  Onward! Papers   
 David Tolpin 
 GoTcha: An Interactive Debugger for GoT-Based Distributed Systems  Onward! Papers   
 Rohan Achar  , Pritha Dawn  , Crista Lopes    
  Pre-print 
 Property Conveyances as a Programming Language  Onward! Papers   
 Shrutarshi Basu  , Nate Foster  , James Grimmelmann    
  Pre-print 
 Storage Combinators  Onward! Papers   
 Marcel Weiher  , Robert Hirschfeld    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 The Adverse Effects of Code Duplication in Machine Learning Models of Code  Onward! Papers   
 Miltiadis Allamanis    
  DOI   Pre-print 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Selection Process   
 Onward! papers are peer-reviewed in a double blind manner. Accepted papers will appear in the Onward! Proceedings in the ACM Digital Library. Submissions will be judged on the potential impact of the ideas and the quality of the presentation.  
 We welcome papers that contain promising ideas and have the potential to meet the conference’s standards, but have failed to achieve this in the initial submission. We will thus follow a two-phase review process. At the end of the first phase, all papers will be either: accepted normally; or asked to perform certain required revisions; or rejected outright. The authors of papers asked to perform revisions will get one month to complete the revisions, at which point the original reviewers decide on the final acceptance of the paper. All papers will thus remain under submission until the authors receive notification of acceptance or rejection.  
 We expect the typical strong submission to be accepted normally, with authors expected—as is conventional—to revise the paper using the program committee’s feedback.  
 The program committee may identify certain papers with promising ideas as needing important revisions. These papers will be handled in one of two ways. They may get a shepherd, in the tradition followed by numerous conferences. Otherwise, they will be given a concrete set of goals to accomplish in the revision. In the latter case, the second submission must then be accompanied by a cover letter mapping the revision requests to specific parts of the paper; the program committee will use the cover letter and revised submission to arrive at a final decision.  
 The second phase will only be used to elevate promising papers to the conference’s standard, not to require additional work of papers already deemed up to standard.  
 Instructions for Authors   
 For fairness reasons, all submitted papers should conform to the formatting instructions. Submissions that violate these instructions may be rejected without review, at the discretion of the Program Chair.  
 Submission Site   
 https://onward19papers.hotcrp.com/   
 Concurrent Submissions   
 Papers must describe unpublished work that is not currently submitted for publication elsewhere as described by SIGPLAN’s Republication Policy. Submitters should also be aware of ACM’s Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism.  
 Policy on Double Blind Review   
 Onward! 2019 is using a double-blind submission process. This means that authors will not know who reviewed their papers, and reviewers will not know who authored the papers they review. The aim of double-blind is to treat all papers with minimal bias. Authors must take the following actions to prepare their papers for double-blind reviewing:  
 Remove identifying information (names, institutions, etc) from the author block of the first page of the paper. 
  To the extent possible, when authors cite their own work, they should refer to it in the third person. 
  To the extent possible, authors should remove any other potentially identifying information, such as acknowledgements. 
  After submitting their review, reviewers will be able to see author identities. When the paper is accepted for publication, the camera-ready copy must not be blinded.  
 See OOPSLA’s FAQ on double-blind reviewing for more information. Please contact the PC chair if you have any questions.  
 Policy on Authorship Changes   
 Any addition of authors after initial submission of a paper must be cleared with the PC chair. Authors are very strongly advised to list all authors prior to initial submission as the addition of authors may create new conflicts with the PC. In all cases, the PC chair must be provided with a rationale. The PC chair has the authority to reject any requested change.  
 Format   
 Submissions should use ACM SIGPLAN Conference acmart Format, sigplan sub-format and 10 point font. All submissions should be in PDF format.  
 If you are formatting your paper using LaTeX, you will need to use the sigplan, anonymous and review options. Note that by default the SIGPLAN template produces two-column, 9 point papers, but you will need to you will need to set the 10pt option in the \documentclass command. If you are formatting your paper using Word, you may wish to use the provided Word template that supports this font size. Please include page numbers in your submission. Setting the review option in the LaTeX \documentclass command generates page numbers, and the anonymous option hides author names. Please also ensure that your submission is legible when printed on a black and white printer. In particular, please check that colors remain distinct and font sizes are legible.  
 Page Limit   
 To ensure that papers stay focused on their core contributions, the main part of the paper (excluding bibliographic references) should be no longer than 13 pages. There is no page limit for bibliographic references and appendices, and, therefore, for the overall submission. However, reviewers are not obligated to read the appendices, so the main part of the paper should be self contained. If the paper is accepted, the final submission will be limited to 17 pages. (The 13-page limit for the main body of the paper no longer applies.)  
 Publication (Digital Library Early Access Warning)   
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 More Information   
 For additional information, clarification, or answers to questions please contact the Program Chair via onward@splashcon.org   

 Questions? Use the SPLASH Onward! Papers contact form  .    
    
 Publication links   
   
  Proceedings    

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Fri 6 Sep 2019  
  Camera Ready 
 Mon 29 Jul 2019  
  Final Notification 
 Sun 14 Jul 2019  
  Revisions 
 Mon 10 Jun 2019  
  Primary Notification 
 Mon 29 Apr 2019   
  Submission deadline (extended) 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://onward19papers.hotcrp.com/     
   
 Program Committee    
   
 Craig Anslow    
 Victoria University of Wellington   
 New Zealand 
  Earl T. Barr    
 University College London 
  Ravi Chugh    
 University of Chicago 
  Yvonne Coady    
 University of Victoria   
 Canada 
  Youyou Cong    
 Tokyo Institute of Technology   
 Japan 
  Wolfgang De Meuter    
 Vrije Universiteit Brussel 
  Tim Felgentreff    
 Oracle Labs, Potsdam   
 Germany 
  Robert Hirschfeld    
 Hasso-Plattner-Institut (HPI), Germany   
 Germany 
  Roberto Ierusalimschy    
 PUC-Rio   
 Brazil 
  Kiyokuni Kawachiya    
 IBM Research - Tokyo 
  Raffi Khatchadourian    
 City University of New York (CUNY) Hunter College   
 United States 
  Thomas LaToza    
 George Mason University   
 United States 
  Hidehiko Masuhara Program Chair    
 Tokyo Institute of Technology   
 Japan 
  Leo Meyerovich    
 Graphistry 
  Cyrus Omar    
 University of Chicago   
 United States 
  Guy L. Steele Jr.    
 Oracle Labs   
 United States 
  Mandana Vaziri    
 IBM Research 
  Tobias Wrigstad    
 Uppsala University   
 Sweden 
    
 Onward! Steering Committee    
   
 Jonathan Aldrich    
 Carnegie Mellon University   
 United States 
  Robert Biddle    
 Carleton University   
 Canada 
  Richard P. Gabriel    
 Dream Songs, Inc. & HPI 
  Elisa Gonzalez Boix    
 Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Belgium   
 Belgium 
  Robert Hirschfeld    
 Hasso-Plattner-Institut (HPI), Germany   
 Germany 
  Hidehiko Masuhara    
 Tokyo Institute of Technology   
 Japan 
  Gail Murphy    
 University of British Columbia   
 Canada 
  Tomas Petricek    
 University of Kent   
 United Kingdom 
  Benjamin C. Pierce    
 University of Pennsylvania   
 United States 
  Emina Torlak    
 University of Washington   
 United States 
  Jan Vitek    
 Northeastern University   
 United States 

 x  Thu 5 Dec 12:00    

  SPLASH 2019   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Keynotes   
  OOPSLA   
  PLMW   
  SPLASH-E   
  OOPSLA Artifacts   
  Onward! Papers   
  Onward! Essays   
  Rebase   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Workshops   
  Posters   
  SRC   
  Student Volunteers    
 Co-hosted Conferences  
 GPCE 2019   
  MPLR 2019   
  SLE 2019   
  Workshops  
 AGERE 2019   
  AI-SEPS 2019   
  DSM'19   
  IC 2019   
  LIVE 2019   
  META 2019   
  NJR 2019   
  REBLS 2019   
  STOKED 2019   
  VMIL 2019   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 DLS 2019    

 Attending  
 Venue: Royal Olympic Hotel   
  Banquet Venue: Aegli   
  Awards   
  Local information   
  Students   
  Registration   
  Visa   
  Sponsoring SPLASH   
  Code of conduct   
  Remote participation    
 Sign Up    

  Important dates data: 
undefined

40. Conference EC-TEL_3:
About | Association 
  Members 
  Become a Member 
  Our Team 
  Advisory Committee 
  Vacancies 
  News | Overview 
  Newsletters 
  Content Submission 
  Events 
  Projects 
  Academy 
  SIGs 
  Awards 
  Resources 
   
 Search 

 About | Association 
  Members 
  Become a Member 
  Our Team 
  Advisory Committee 
  Vacancies 
  News | Overview 
  Newsletters 
  Content Submission 
  Events 
  Projects 
  Academy 
  SIGs 
  Awards 
  Resources 
   
 Search 

 Search 

 AR & VR  Artificial Intelligence  AV Technologies  Higher Education    
 ECTEL 2024, Krems, Austria, 16-20 September 2024  
 4 months ago    
 1 min read   

 The Nineteenth European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning (ECTEL)  will take place in Krems, Austria, from 16-20 September 2024, focusing on “Inclusive and equitable quality education for all.” As the world rapidly transforms through technological advancements such as Generative Artificial Intelligence, the Internet of Things, and Connectivity Technologies, the educational landscape is expanding with new possibilities and complex challenges. The 2024 conference theme aims to explore the role of Technology-Enhanced Learning (TEL) in achieving the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goal for education, which emphasises inclusivity, equity, and lifelong learning. Topics include digital/AI literacy, lifelong learning, and the scalable, sustainable deployment of emerging technologies.  
   
   XR Salento, Lecce, Italy, 4-7 September 2024     
   E-course to boost your digital empowerment as a higher education teacher     

 You may also like  

 AR & VR  Higher Education    
 Augmented reality and educators   
 by Stavros A. Nikou, Maria Perifanou, Anastasios A. Economides. Augmented Reality (AR) has emerged as a transformative educational technology, offering immersive learning experiences that can enhance student engagement...  

 1 day ago    
 4 min read   

 AV Technologies  Higher Education    
 N-TUTORR: transforming student learning in the Irish technological university sector   
 by Sharon Flynn, N-TUTORR programme, Ireland.N-TUTORR (National Technological University Transformation for Recovery and Resilience) is an ambitious programme to transform student learning in the Irish technological...  

 2 days ago    
 4 min read   

 Artificial Intelligence  AV Technologies    
 Adobe Content Authenticity app   
 The Adobe Content Authenticity web app is a tool designed to help creators protect their work by adding “Content Credentials” which are like a digital signature or label that shows who made the content and...  

 2 days ago    
 3 min read   

 Categories  
 AR & VR  261 
  Artificial Intelligence  141 
  AV Technologies  574 
  Media Literacy  625 
  OE(M)R  38 
  Primary & Secondary Education  295 
  Higher Education  998 
  Lifelong Learning  144 
    
 Recent posts   
     
 Augmented reality and educators   

 N-TUTORR: transforming student learning in the Irish technological university sector   

 Putting media literacy on the map: findings from a European research study   

 Digital Media Literacy in EDMO: Round Table #2: BENEDMO   

 Adobe Content Authenticity app   

 Eddie AI: ChatGPT for video editing?   

 Strengthening media literacy in Georgia: a holistic approach through education   

 New UNESCO MIL course for adult educators available   

 Immersive Environments: Exploring Current Practice and Barriers in Higher Education, Leeds & London, UK, 13 December 2024   

 Social media  
 Find Media & Learning on the following social media:  

 youtube 
  facebook 
  linkedin 
  twitter 

 Email Newsletter  
 Subscribe now  to our monthly newsletter to receive the latest and greatest news in your mailbox.  

 Terms and Policies  
 Terms of Use 
  Terms of Sale 
  Privacy Policy 
  Cookie Policy 

  Co-funded by the European Union. Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union or the European Education and Culture Executive Agency (EACEA). Neither the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them.  

 Copyright © 2024. Media & Learning Association  .  

   About | Association 
  Members 
  Become a Member 
  Our Team 
  Advisory Committee 
  Vacancies 
  News | Overview 
  Newsletters 
  Content Submission 
  Events 
  Projects 
  Academy 
  SIGs 
  Awards 
  Resources 

 We use cookies in our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of the cookies explicitly. Visit Cookie Settings to know more about the cookies used on our website.  Necessary    Cookie settings  ACCEPT    

 Privacy & Cookies Policy    
    Close   Cookie Settings  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website as determined in our Cookie Policy  . Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   

   
Call for papers data: 
     
   
 About | Association 
  Members 
  Become a Member 
  Our Team 
  Advisory Committee 
  Vacancies 
  News | Overview 
  Newsletters 
  Content Submission 
  Events 
  Projects 
  Academy 
  SIGs 
  Awards 
  Resources 
   
 Search 

 About | Association 
  Members 
  Become a Member 
  Our Team 
  Advisory Committee 
  Vacancies 
  News | Overview 
  Newsletters 
  Content Submission 
  Events 
  Projects 
  Academy 
  SIGs 
  Awards 
  Resources 
   
 Search 

 Search 

 Media Literacy    
 Putting media literacy on the map: findings from a European research study  
 2 days ago    
 4 min read   

 by Laurie Day  , Ecorys, UK.  
 A growing awareness of the risks presented by misinformation and the rise of Generative AI have combined to fuel public and professional interest in media literacy. This spotlight on the media sector presents both challenges and opportunities. A new study published this week explores how European countries are responding, and presents recommendations for action.  
 Media literacy in a fast evolving ecosystem   
 There is no doubt that media literacy is riding high on the policy agenda, with additional EU funding for programmatic work  and thriving communities of practice. The recent publication of the EDMO Guidelines for Effective Media Literacy Initiatives  provides an important milestone, bringing diverse stakeholders together to achieve consensus on what good quality and inclusive media literacy initiatives can and should look like in a European context.  
 At the same time, the sector faces thorny issues that have yet to be resolved: how to move beyond initiatives focussed on individual media competences to address structural and societal factors mediating collective media behaviours; how to engage and meet the needs of underserved populations  , and how to build effective and sustainable cross-sectoral approaches  towards media literacy, while navigating a complex regulatory landscape.  
   Situating the research   
 Published this week, the final reports from an EU Media Literacy Policy Study  explore these issues in further depth and provide a snapshot of policies and practices on media literacy in eight European countries. The research was designed and carried out by Ecorys with expert advice from the LSE Department of Media and Communications and funded by Google.  
 The study aimed to provide:  
 An overview of the state-of-the-sector for media literacy policies and practices in Europe. 
  An assessment of the implications of emerging technologies, including Generative AI, for tackling misinformation and developing critical thinking skills. 
  Recommendations to inform the evolving agenda for collaboration on media literacy across industry, public sector and civil society in Europe. 
  The work took place between September 2023 and July 2024, and was based on a mixed methods design, combining primary and secondary data collection and analysis with deliberative stakeholder workshops conduced with key stakeholders across Europe.  
 Cross-sectoral approaches in action   
 The findings reflect the scale and complexity of the challenges presented for citizens to develop and maintain critical thinking skills across the life course, and the positioning of media literacy education within school curricula specifically. The reports showcase what has been done in France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Romania, Spain, and the United Kingdom (UK), providing policy and practice insights, and highlighting examples of promising practices.  
     
 The research also turns the spotlight on platform-based media literacy initiatives, providing a learning review of Google’s media literacy work in Europe. It highlights the essential role of funding for organisations leveraging media literacy at a national and local level, and the importance of building civil society capacity  to respond to emerging media literacy priorities; investing in AI literacy  and making effective use of in-product fact checking tools.  
 The study calls for investment in broad-based media literacy strategies that serve the needs of Europe’s diverse citizens, for a reprioritisation of media literacy within lifelong learning policies, and smarter and more consistent approaches to define and evidence the outcomes from pilot programmes and initiatives.  
 It also challenges Google and other tech companies to go beyond the EU Code of Practice, taking further action on algorithmic transparency and widening access to data from very large online platforms (VLOPs) for academic research as part of an ecosystem-wide approach.  
 Further information   
 The study outputs, including the EU mapping and case study report, the review of Google’s media literacy programmes in Europe, and a set of policy briefs, are available at:  
 https://www.ecorys.com/MediaLiteracyEducation   
 The study team will be hosting a webinar to share the learning from the reports: Putting media literacy on the map: directions for Europe  , which is taking place on Thursday 16th January 2025  , from 14:00-15:00 CET. pre-register at the link below to express your interest:  
 https://ec.europa.eu/eusurvey/runner/ba16a15d-c64b-8f08-0f27-32060281272b   
 Author  
   Laurie is a Research Director at social policy consultancy Ecorys. He has 25 years’ experience of conducting studies and evaluations for local and national government, European and International Agencies, and civil society organisations. His work has a strong focus on children and young people’s digital lives, participatory research and practice. Laurie is also a Visiting Research Fellow at the School of Human and Health Sciences, University of Huddersfield (UK).  

   N-TUTORR: transforming student learning in the Irish technological university sector     
   Digital Media Literacy in EDMO: Round Table #2: BENEDMO     

 You may also like  

 AR & VR  Higher Education    
 Augmented reality and educators   
 by Stavros A. Nikou, Maria Perifanou, Anastasios A. Economides. Augmented Reality (AR) has emerged as a transformative educational technology, offering immersive learning experiences that can enhance student engagement...  

 1 day ago    
 4 min read   

 AV Technologies  Higher Education    
 N-TUTORR: transforming student learning in the Irish technological university sector   
 by Sharon Flynn, N-TUTORR programme, Ireland.N-TUTORR (National Technological University Transformation for Recovery and Resilience) is an ambitious programme to transform student learning in the Irish technological...  

 2 days ago    
 4 min read   

 Media Literacy    
 Digital Media Literacy in EDMO: Round Table #2: BENEDMO   
 This interview is part of the ”Digital Media Literacy in EDMO Round Table’‘ interview series that is published every month to highlight the work of the 14 EDMO hubs.BENEDMO, Flemish-Dutch collaboration...  

 2 days ago    
 10 min read   

 Categories  
 AR & VR  261 
  Artificial Intelligence  141 
  AV Technologies  574 
  Media Literacy  625 
  OE(M)R  38 
  Primary & Secondary Education  295 
  Higher Education  998 
  Lifelong Learning  144 
    
 Recent posts   
     
 Augmented reality and educators   

 N-TUTORR: transforming student learning in the Irish technological university sector   

 Digital Media Literacy in EDMO: Round Table #2: BENEDMO   

 Adobe Content Authenticity app   

 Eddie AI: ChatGPT for video editing?   

 Strengthening media literacy in Georgia: a holistic approach through education   

 New UNESCO MIL course for adult educators available   

 Immersive Environments: Exploring Current Practice and Barriers in Higher Education, Leeds & London, UK, 13 December 2024   

 International Conference on Distance Learning and Innovative Educational Technologies, Online, 13 December 2024   

 Social media  
 Find Media & Learning on the following social media:  

 youtube 
  facebook 
  linkedin 
  twitter 

 Email Newsletter  
 Subscribe now  to our monthly newsletter to receive the latest and greatest news in your mailbox.  

 Terms and Policies  
 Terms of Use 
  Terms of Sale 
  Privacy Policy 
  Cookie Policy 

  Co-funded by the European Union. Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union or the European Education and Culture Executive Agency (EACEA). Neither the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them.  

 Copyright © 2024. Media & Learning Association  .  

   About | Association 
  Members 
  Become a Member 
  Our Team 
  Advisory Committee 
  Vacancies 
  News | Overview 
  Newsletters 
  Content Submission 
  Events 
  Projects 
  Academy 
  SIGs 
  Awards 
  Resources 

 We use cookies in our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of the cookies explicitly. Visit Cookie Settings to know more about the cookies used on our website.  Necessary    Cookie settings  ACCEPT    

 Privacy & Cookies Policy    
    Close   Cookie Settings  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website as determined in our Cookie Policy  . Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   

   Important dates data: 
undefined

41. Conference ECCB_0:
Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

 The annual international conference on Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology (ISMB) is the flagship meeting of the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB). The 2025 meeting is the 33rd ISMB conference, which has grown to become the world's largest bioinformatics and computational biology conference. Joining forces with the European Conference on Computational Biology (the 24th Annual Conference), ISMB/ECCB 2025 will be the year's most important computational biology event!  
 The international meeting will be held in-person at the ACC Liverpool  —a leading conference and event venue in the UK—and virtually through ISCB's Nucleus platform  .  
 The principal focus of the joint ISMB/ECCB conference is on the development and application of advanced computational methods to address biological problems, and brings together researchers from computer science, bioinformatics, computational biology, molecular biology, mathematics, statistics, and related fields. The conference provides a multidisciplinary platform for sharing the latest advancements in bioinformatics and computational biology, fostering new dialogues and perspectives to shape the future of the field.  
 In addition, with the ever-increasing interest in ISCB’s Communities of Special Interest (COSIs), conference organization actively involves COSIs in program development to help highlight emerging research areas and to deliver an exceptional and research-driven event!  
 In-person participants will have the opportunity to enjoy:   
 in-person training workshops and tutorials 
  the Student Council Symposium 
  more than 500 expected scientific talks 
  exclusive networking events 
  the ability to make new connections when utilizing the attendee profile and match maker features within the virtual platform 
  the option to schedule one-on-one time with speakers, poster presenters, exhibitors, and sponsors to learn more about their work, products, or services 
  exclusive access to the ISMB/ECCB 2025 on-demand repository of talks and poster presentations to catch up on any missed sessions 
  Virtual participants can enjoy:   
 livestream and on-demand access to sessions and tutorials, benefiting attendees from all time zones 
  a live question and answer feature to engage with the speaker during sessions 
  the live chat feature to engage with other participants within virtual session rooms 
  the ability to make new connections when utilizing the attendee profile and match maker features within the virtual platform 
  exclusive access to the ISMB/ECCB 2025 on-demand repository of talks and poster presentations to catch up on any missed sessions 
   
  ISMB/ECCB 2025 bolsters its reputation as the leading conference in the field, with the strongest scientific and technical program that showcases the best international developments in bioinformatics and computational biology.  
 Get ready to join us July 20–24 in Liverpool, United Kingdom!    

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web  

  
Call for papers data: 
   Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 Proceedings  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   Links within this page: Proceedings Overview  | Proceedings Publication Fee  | Areas  | Proceedings Key Dates  | Review Process  | Transfers to Bioinformatics Advances  | Submission Guidelines  | Conference Proceedings  | Hybrid Format  | Contact    
  Coming Soon   
 Proceedings Chairs  :  
 Karsten Borgwardt  , Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Germany  
  Tijana Milenkovic  , University of Notre Dame, USA  
   Proceedings Overview  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 invites submissions of full papers (not abstracts) consisting of new, unpublished work, reporting theoretical, computational, and statistical advances in computational biology and its intersections with other fields.  
 Submissions are encouraged to report on advances in algorithm development and optimization, data structures, data visualization, artificial intelligence/machine learning, text mining, statistical inference, database and ontology development, image analysis, citizen and open science, etc  . to analyze all types of biological data.  
 While we encourage submissions in new and emerging areas, we expect that the majority of submissions addressing topical biological domains will fall into one of the areas below. Please note during the EasyChair submission process you will: 1) select your "Area" (list below) and 2) select one or more of the Communities of Special Interest (COSIs) best suited for the presentation of your research from within the area. (learn more about COSIs here  ).   
 For a variety of reasons, ISCB strongly prefers that scientific research accepted for oral presentation be presented in-person at the conference venue. We understand that some presenters will have valid reasons to avoid in-person attendance. ISCB will grant remote presentation options for reasons associated with maternity/paternity leave, care for a family member, personal/medical disability, sickness, financial hardship, or potential visa problems. If your research is accepted for oral presentation and you are unable to present in person, ISCB requires notification at the time of acceptance and no later than May 14, 2025. You will be asked during your confirmation of participation to confirm your in-person participation.  If unable  to participate you will need to request a waiver by writing presentationwaiver@iscb.org     
    
  Any pre-approved virtual presenters will be required to provide a pre-recorded talk for the virtual platform library in advance of the conference as a precaution due to possible technical issues.  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 follows the ISCB policy for acceptable use of large language models ( https://www.iscb.org/iscb-pol  icy-statements/iscb-policy-for  -acceptable-use-of-large-langu  age-models  )  
 - top -   
   Proceedings Publication Fee  
 Authors of accepted Proceedings papers are responsible for the publication fee of $700 USD.  This is a substantial reduction from the publication fees customary for OUP journals. ISCB is committed to supporting all of its members, especially those from under-developed nations and/or those without funding. If your manuscript is accepted and you are unable to pay for the publication fees in part or in full, you may submit a fee waiver request to waiver@iscb.org   . Please provide your name, full institute address, and a short (up to 50 words) justification of why you are unable to cover the publication fee with the subject line of ISMB 2024 Publications Fee Waiver Request.  
 Publication fee payments are due by May 1, 2025. The online proceedings payment system will open April 9, 2025.  
 Proceedings publications are part of an online-only special issue of Bioinformatics  and are open access (CC-BY), fully citable, and indexed by Medline and ISI. See the conference proceedings for ISMB 2024  for an example of online-only publication by Oxford University Press.  
 - top -   
   Areas:  
  
 Bioinformatics Education and Citizen Science   
  (COSIs within this area include: Education)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Russell Schwartz  , Carnegie Mellon University, USA  
  Jérôme Waldispühl  , McGill University, Canada | Systematic examination and analysis of learning models, outcomes, and educational programs. Serious gaming and game-ification. 
 Bioinformatics of Microbes and Microbiomes   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, CAMDA, HiTSeq, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, Text Mining)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Nicola Mulder  , University of Cape Town, South Africa  
  Mihai Pop  , University of Maryland, USA | Computational methods and algorithms for studying microbial organisms, viruses, and their communities from omics and marker data. 
 Biomedical Informatics  
   (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CAMDA, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MLCSB, NetBio, Text Mining, TransMed, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Niko Beerenwinkel  , ETH Zurich, Switzerland  
  Giulio Caravagna  , University of Trieste, Italy  
  Jenna Wiens  , University of Michigan, USA | Computational approaches to clinical and medical problems, including disease predisposition, diagnostic, progression, and treatment. Pharmacogenomics. 
 Equity and Diversity in Computational Biology Research   
   (Of interest to all COSIs)  
   
  Chair(s):  
   Larry Hunter  , University of Chicago, USA  
  Alejandra Medina Rivera,  Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Mexico | Research that examines issues of equity, representation, diversity, or other elements related to datasets, methods, or the field at large; health policy; fairness in ML; biases in GWAS studies; bias in literature; biology/genomics of traditionally understudied groups. 
 Evolutionary, Comparative and Population Genomics   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Flora Jay  , Université Paris-Saclay, France  
  Erin Molloy  , University of Maryland, USA | Phylogeny estimation, and modelling variation and change under the influence of evolutionary processes. Selection and adaptation. Multi-species analyses. 
 Genome Sequence Analysis   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys, TransMed, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Laurent Jacob  , CNRS, Sorbonne Université, France  
  Tobias Marschall  , Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf, Germany | Assembly and mapping algorithms. Gene prediction and annotation. Detection, qualification, and annotation of genomic variants and their structural and functional effects. 
 Macromolecular Sequence, Structure, and Function   
  (COSIs within this area include: 3DSIG, Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CompMS, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, iRNA, MLCSB, RegSys, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Jianlin Cheng  , University of Missouri, USA   
  Mark Wass  , University of Kent, UK | Analysis and annotation of DNA, RNA, and proteins to predict, characterize, and understand their structure, function, and evolution. Includes protein design and imaging techniques for macromolecules. 
 Privacy and Security for Computational Biology  
   (COSIs within this area include: HiTSeq, MLCSB, TransMed)  
   
  Chair(s):  
   Michael Baudis  , University of Zurich, Switzerland  
  Kana Shimizu  , Waseda University, Japan | Methods related to the protection of individualized molecular and medical information; privacy models; federated learning; GWAS on summary statistics; federated EHR data analysis; new approaches to federated data storage, access, and analysis. 
 Regulatory and Functional Genomics  
   (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Kimberly Glass  , Harvard Medical School, USA  
  Saurabh Sinha  , Georgia Institute of Technology, USA | Transcriptomics, single-cell RNA techniques, non-coding RNA, epigenetics, chromatin structure. 
 Systems Biology and Networks   
  (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CompMS, Function, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys, Text Mining, TransMed)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Anaïs Baudot  , Aix Marseille Université, CNRS, INSERM, France  
  Natasa Przulj  , Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain | Emergent properties and complex multi-component interactions within biological systems, considering genomic, proteomic, metabolomic, and other -omic data; gene regulation and circuit design. 
 General Computational Biology*  
    
  Chair(s):  
  Gary Bader  , University of Toronto, Canada  
  Alberto Paccanaro  , Fundação Getúlio Vargas, Brazil & Royal Holloway, University of London, UK | Novel techniques in emerging areas of computational biology not covered by the other areas listed above, including intersections with other fields. 
 *You are encouraged to submit to one of the other thematic areas. If you feel your contribution is at the intersection of many fields, please pick one. If you still want to submit to this area, you will be asked to explain why. Please note that the submissions in this area and others are likely to be moved, subject to chairs’ considerations. 
  
 - top -   
   Proceedings Key Dates  
   
 - top -   
   Review Process  
 Submissions will be subject to two rounds of reviews, allowing the authors to reply to the reviewer comments. In the first round the submissions will be classified into three categories: (a) accept/minor changes, (b) major changes, and (c) not accepted. Papers in the first category will be considered “conditionally" accepted without a second round of full review; Area Chairs would review the final version and in some cases ask the reviewers if concerns, if any, have been addressed.  Authors of submissions in the second category will be given the opportunity to submit revised drafts based on the reviewer comments, with letters of response to the reviewers outlining the main changes and/or giving counter arguments to the reviewer points.  
   
  We expect the majority of papers to fall in categories (a) and (c), with category (b) reserved for papers that the reviewers identified as strong but with substantial issues that need to be addressed. Among the resubmitted papers, the second round of review will select the most suitable papers for presentation. All reviews of submitted papers are considered confidential and details are not disclosed outside of the review process. These will be published in the Bioinformatics journal and presented at the conference. All accepted papers are expected to have source code available and linked in the manuscript to ensure reproducibility of results.   
 - top -    
   Transfers to Bioinformatics Advances   
 Getting your paper accepted to the ISMB Proceedings is very competitive. For papers which are ranked highly but are not accepted we will be making offers to transfer some manuscripts to the ISCB journal Bioinformatics Advances  . Manuscripts and the associated ISMB reviews would only be transferred to the journal upon author agreement. By transferring the reviews rapid decisions can be made by the journal. Papers accepted to Bioinformatics Advances  would NOT be a part of the ISMB/ECCB 2025 Proceedings and would NOT be offered a talk. Please also note that Bioinformatics Advances is fully open access and that the normal Open Access Charges  for the journal would apply.  
 Authors may opt out of this transfer process at submission time.  
 - top -   
   Submission Guidelines  
 All submission MUST  select a presenting author.   The presenting author MUST  be marked as a corresponding author.   Papers can be submitted in either a template-free format or by following the template for author submission to the OUP journal Bioinformatics  . You are encouraged to submit in the OUP format. You are encouraged to submit in the OUP format. If the OUP template is used, the paper length must not exceed nine pages. If the template-free format is used the length of the paper must not exceed 12 pages (single space, 12 point font). In either  format  the page count should include any required abstract, figures, tables, and bibliography.   Papers must be submitted as a PDF. If your submission is conditionally accepted, it then MUST be resubmitted as a Word or LaTeX file to adhere to the OUP proxy requirements. In either case, the paper must contain an abstract whose length does not exceed 250 words.  
 Authors of submissions will need to select 1st choice and 2nd choice areas  most suitable for their paper (this is relevant for which Area Chairs/reviewers will review the paper). During submission, authors will be able to identify up to three COSIs  most relevant to the topic of their submission (this is relevant for which COSI, i.e. conference track, the talk will be presented at if the paper is accepted). During the review process three reviews will be sought. Papers may be moved between areas as appropriate - this is often necessary for load balance and fit between areas during the review process.  
 If absolutely necessary, submissions can be accompanied by supplementary material, similar to submissions to scientific journals. The supplementary material should be collected in a separate file that is appropriately marked and uploaded as an attachment on the paper submission page in EasyChair. However, we advise against adding supplementary material, in general. Supplementary material will be published on the proceedings site alongside the online version of the conference paper. We do not support supplementary material presented at any other than the publisher's site. Additionally, OUP does not edit or typeset supplementary data - it is uploaded online exactly as it is received, so authors must ensure its accuracy before submitting.  
 Papers should be submitted in their final form since the evaluation procedure does not allow for additional rounds of refinement / modification in response to referee criticisms. Poor quality submissions or insufficiently prepared papers are very often rejected. Paper presenters must register and pay to attend and present at the conference.  
 ISMB does not accept previously published works  through peer-reviewed publications. Please note that conference presentations, posting on recognized preprint servers (such as Arxiv, Biorxiv and PeerJ preprints), or posting on a personal or employer's website do not constitute prior publication. In case of doubt, please contact proceedings@iscb.org    
 After acceptance papers will have to be formatted according to the layout style required by the OUP Bioinformatics  journal and will be limited to 9 pages. Formatting requirements can be found at:  
  https://academic.oup.com/pages/authoring/journals/preparing_your_manuscript?login=true  
   
   Templates are available on OUP’s site for direct download:  
  http://static.primary.prod.gcms.the-infra.com/static/site/journals/document/oup-authoring-template.zip?node=7987de40f2eea956bc39   
 Papers not conforming to guidelines will not be reviewed   
 Papers submitted for review should represent original, previously unpublished work. At the time the paper is submitted to ISMB/ECCB 2025, and for the entire review period, the paper should not be under review by any other conference or scientific journal.  
 Papers will be accepted electronically via the submission system, as a PDF, until January 23, 2025, 11:59 PM in the time zone of your choice  .  *No extension will be granted* If your submission is conditionally accepted, it then MUST be resubmitted as a Word or LaTeX file to adhere to the OUP proxy requirements.   
    
 - top -   
   Conference Proceedings  
 Publication of the proceedings as an online part of the journal Bioinformatics  will result in fully citable articles, indexed by Medline and ISI. See the conference proceedings for ISMB 2024  for an example of online-only publication by Oxford University Press.  
 Accepted papers will be published as conference proceedings in an open access, online-only, section of a regular issue of the Bioinformatics journal with an electronic version distributed to conference delegates. The proceedings will be available online approximately one month prior to the conference opening.  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 provides authors of accepted papers an oral presentation to provide an oral summary of their work. All presentations should be no longer than 20 minutes including 3-4 minutes for discussion. Paper presenters must register and pay to attend and present at the conference.  
 - top -    
   Hybrid format  
 All presenters who have been granted a waiver to present virtually will be required to provide a pre-recorded talk for the virtual platform library in advance of the conference. The pre-recorded talk will be kept on hand in case of any issues that may interfere with the presenters ability to present virtually. If this video is not submitted and an issue arises any delays will be deducted from the allotted presentation time  .  
 - top -   
   Contact  
 Please contact proceedings@iscb.org   for questions concerning the scientific content of submissions.  
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web  

  Important dates data: 
   Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 KEY DATES  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   *Dates subject to change without notice  
 Why aren't extensions allowed?  
 Every file that's uploaded needs to be processed, that's a video from every virtual talk, a video and/or PDF from every in-person poster, and a video and a PDF from every virtual poster. This takes a substantial amount of time on top of travelling to the venue (often internationally), setting up the venue, coordinating volunteers, opening the virtual platform, troubleshooting attendees who try to access said platform, printing delegate name tags, preparing opening slides, organizing awards, identifying dietary requirements, running pre-conference tutorials, processing recordings from completed tutorials, answering questions from delegates who are arriving at the venue, organizing all other ongoing ISCB conferences and affiliated events, and continuing day-to-day upkeep for the Society. These deadlines don't exist in a vacuum which is why they're broadcast as early and often as they are.  
 Abstracts  
   
 - top -   
 Proceedings  
   
 - top -   
 Registration  
   
 - top -   
 Student Council Symposium (SCS)  
   
 - top -   
 Tech Track  
   
 - top -   
 Tutorials  
   
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web

42. Conference DSM_2:
SPLASH 2014   Mon 20 - Fri 24 October 2014 Portland, Oregon, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Portland Marriott 
  About 
  Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Travel 
  Insider's Guide to Portland 
  Students 
  Supporters 
  Support Program 
  Visas 
  MobileApp 
  Maps 
  Downloads 
  Anti-Harassment Policy 
  Program | SPLASH Program 
  Your Program 
   Filter by Day | Fri 17 Oct 
  Sat 18 Oct 
  Sun 19 Oct 
  Mon 20 Oct 
  Tue 21 Oct 
  Wed 22 Oct 
  Thu 23 Oct 
  Fri 24 Oct 
  Tracks | SPLASH 2014 
  Administration 
  Demos 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Inspirations 
  OOPSLA 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Panels 
  Posters 
  Awards 
  Keynotes 
  SPLASH-E 
  Social Events 
  Student Research Competition 
  Student Volunteers 
  Tutorials 
  Wavefront 
  Workshops 
   Co-hosted Events 
  HILT | HILT 
  HILT  Research Papers 
  Summer School on Multicore Programming  Multicore Programming Summer School 
  Workshops 
  AGERE! | AGERE! 
  AGERE! 
  DSLDI | DSLDI 
  DSLDI 
  DSM | DSM 
  DSM 
  ETX 
  FOOL | FOOL 
  FOOL 
  FP | FP 
  FP  Future Programming 
  MobileDeLi 
  PLATEAU | PLATEAU 
  PLATEAU 
  PROMOTO | PROMOTO 
  PROMOTO 
  PSP | PSP 
  PSP 
  REBLS | REBLS 
  REBLS 
  SEPS | SEPS 
  SEPS 
  TD | TD 
  TD  Technical Debt 
  WOSC | WOSC 
  WOSC 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  DLS | DLS 
  DLS 
  Onward! | Onward! 
  Onward!  Essays 
  Onward!  Papers 
  Organization | SPLASH 2014 Committees 
  Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Demos 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Inspirations 
  OOPSLA | External Review Committee 
  Program Committee 
  OOPSLA Artifacts | Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Posters | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SPLASH-E 
  Student Research Competition | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Student Volunteers 
  Tutorials 
  Wavefront 
  Workshops 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Events 
  HILT | N/A - check homepage 
  Summer School on Multicore Programming | Organizing Committee 
  Workshops 
  AGERE! | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  DSLDI | Organizing Committee 
  Organizers 
  Program Committee 
  DSM | Organizing Committee 
  ETX | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FOOL | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FP | Organizing Committee 
  MobileDeLi | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PLATEAU | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PROMOTO | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PSP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  REBLS | Organizing Committee 
  SEPS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  TD | Organizing Committee 
  WOSC | Organizing Committee 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  DLS | Organisers 
  Program Committee 
  Onward! | Steering Committee 
  Onward! Essays 
  Onward! Papers 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SPLASH 2025 
  SPLASH 2024 
  SPLASH 2023 
  SPLASH 2022 
  SPLASH 2021 
  SPLASH 2020 
  SPLASH 2019 
  SPLASH 2018 
  SPLASH 2017 
  SPLASH 2016 
  SPLASH 2015 
  SPLASH 2014 
  SPLASH 2013 
  SPLASH 2012 
  SPLASH 2011 
   SPLASH 2010 
   OOPSLA 2009 
  OOPSLA 2008 
  OOPSLA 2007 
  OOPSLA 2006 
  OOPSLA 2005 
  OOPSLA 2004 
  OOPSLA 2003 
  OOPSLA 2002 
  OOPSLA 2001 
  OOPSLA 2000 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  SPLASH 2014  ( series  ) /   DSM  ( series  ) /  Domain-Specific Modeling DSM   
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Call For Submissions 
  Workshop on Domain-Specific Modeling (DSM)  at SPLASH 2014.  
 Domain-Specific Modeling (DSM) provides a modern solution to demands for higher productivity by constricting the gap between problem and solution modeling. In the past, productivity gains have been sought from new programming languages. Domain-specific modeling languages provide a viable solution for continuing to raise the level of abstraction beyond coding, making development faster and easier.  
 In DSM, the models are constructed using concepts that represent things in the application domain, not concepts of a given programming language. The modeling language follows the domain abstractions and semantics, allowing developers to perceive themselves as working directly with domain concepts. The models represent simultaneously the design, implementation and documentation of the system. In a number of cases, the final products can be automatically generated from these high-level specifications with domain-specific code generators. This automation is possible because of domain-specificity: both the modeling language and code generators fit to the requirements of a narrowly defined domain, usually inside one organization only.  
 See the following web site for further information about DSM 2014: http://www.dsmforum.org/events/DSM14/   

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-05:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:30) Caracas  (GMT-03:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-03:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-03:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-02:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-02:00) Montevideo  (GMT-02:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-02:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-02:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT+01:00) Belfast  (GMT+01:00) Dublin  (GMT+01:00) Lisbon  (GMT+01:00) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+02:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+02:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+02:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+03:00) Athens  (GMT+03:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+03:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+03:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+03:00) Syria  (GMT+04:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+06:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+08:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+09:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+10:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+10:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+11:00) Hobart  (GMT+11:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+11:00) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+12:00) Magadan  (GMT+11:30) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+13:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+13:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Tue 21 Oct   
  
 Displayed time zone: Tijuana, Baja California  change      

 08:30 - 10:00 | Topics in Model Transformation DSM   at Salon C 
 08:30   
 22m    
 Talk | Welcome and Introduction   DSM 
 08:52   
 22m    
 Talk | A Closed-loop Model-based Design Approach Based On Automatic Verification and Transformation   DSM 
 09:15   
 22m    
 Talk | Generating Code using Reflection in the Context of Computer-assisted Legacy System Analyses and Reengineering   DSM 
 09:37   
 22m    
 Talk | Omniscient Debugging for Model Transformations   DSM 

 10:30 - 12:00 | Tools and Language Design Experiences DSM   at Salon C 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Development of Modelling Frameworks and Viewpoints with Kitalpha   DSM 
 11:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Design of a Domain-Specific Language for Material Flow Analysis using Microsoft DSL tools: An Experience Paper   DSM 
 11:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Mapping-Based Exchange of Models Between Meta-Modeling Tools   DSM 

 13:30 - 15:00 | Modeling of Cyber-Physical Systems DSM   at Salon C 
 13:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Generating Model Transformations for Mending Dynamic Constraint Violations in Cyber Physical Systems   DSM 
 14:00   
 30m    
 Talk | SenseDSL: Automating the Integration of Sensors for MCU-based Robots and Cyber-Physical Systems   DSM 
 14:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Group Work Initial Discussion   DSM 

 15:30 - 17:00 | Group Work DSM   at Salon C 
 15:30   
 45m    
 Talk | Group Work on selected topics   DSM 
 16:15   
 45m    
 Talk | Group work reporting   DSM 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 A Closed-loop Model-based Design Approach Based On Automatic Verification and Transformation  DSM 
 Design of a Domain-Specific Language for Material Flow Analysis using Microsoft DSL tools: An Experience Paper  DSM 
 Development of Modelling Frameworks and Viewpoints with Kitalpha  DSM 
 Generating Code using Reflection in the Context of Computer-assisted Legacy System Analyses and Reengineering  DSM 
 Generating Model Transformations for Mending Dynamic Constraint Violations in Cyber Physical Systems  DSM 
 Group Work Initial Discussion  DSM 
 Group Work on selected topics  DSM 
 Group work reporting  DSM 
 Mapping-Based Exchange of Models Between Meta-Modeling Tools  DSM 
 Omniscient Debugging for Model Transformations  DSM 
 SenseDSL: Automating the Integration of Sensors for MCU-based Robots and Cyber-Physical Systems  DSM 
 Welcome and Introduction  DSM 

 Call For Submissions  

 Important Dates   

 Tue 21 Oct 2014  
  DSM Workshop 
 Fri 15 Aug 2014  
  Submissions Due 

 x  Thu 5 Dec 12:00    

  SPLASH 2014   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Administration   
  Demos   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Inspirations   
  OOPSLA   
  OOPSLA Artifacts   
  Panels   
  Posters   
  Awards   
  Keynotes   
  SPLASH-E   
  Social Events   
  Student Research Competition   
  Student Volunteers   
  Tutorials   
  Wavefront   
  Workshops    
 Co-hosted Events  
 HILT 2014   
  Summer School on Multicore Programming 2014   
  Workshops  
 AGERE!   
  DSLDI   
  DSM   
  ETX   
  FOOL   
  FP   
  MobileDeLi   
  PLATEAU   
  PROMOTO   
  PSP   
  REBLS   
  SEPS   
  TD   
  WOSC   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 DLS   
  Onward! 2014    

 Attending  
 Venue: Portland Marriott   
  About   
  Registration   
  Accommodation   
  Travel   
  Insider's Guide to Portland   
  Students   
  Supporters   
  Support Program   
  Visas   
  MobileApp   
  Maps   
  Downloads   
  Anti-Harassment Policy    
 Social Media  
        
  Sponsors  

  
Call for papers data: 
SPLASH 2014   Mon 20 - Fri 24 October 2014 Portland, Oregon, United States    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Portland Marriott 
  About 
  Registration 
  Accommodation 
  Travel 
  Insider's Guide to Portland 
  Students 
  Supporters 
  Support Program 
  Visas 
  MobileApp 
  Maps 
  Downloads 
  Anti-Harassment Policy 
  Program | SPLASH Program 
  Your Program 
   Filter by Day | Fri 17 Oct 
  Sat 18 Oct 
  Sun 19 Oct 
  Mon 20 Oct 
  Tue 21 Oct 
  Wed 22 Oct 
  Thu 23 Oct 
  Fri 24 Oct 
  Tracks | SPLASH 2014 
  Administration 
  Demos 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Inspirations 
  OOPSLA 
  OOPSLA Artifacts 
  Panels 
  Posters 
  Awards 
  Keynotes 
  SPLASH-E 
  Social Events 
  Student Research Competition 
  Student Volunteers 
  Tutorials 
  Wavefront 
  Workshops 
   Co-hosted Events 
  HILT | HILT 
  HILT  Research Papers 
  Summer School on Multicore Programming  Multicore Programming Summer School 
  Workshops 
  AGERE! | AGERE! 
  AGERE! 
  DSLDI | DSLDI 
  DSLDI 
  DSM | DSM 
  DSM 
  ETX 
  FOOL | FOOL 
  FOOL 
  FP | FP 
  FP  Future Programming 
  MobileDeLi 
  PLATEAU | PLATEAU 
  PLATEAU 
  PROMOTO | PROMOTO 
  PROMOTO 
  PSP | PSP 
  PSP 
  REBLS | REBLS 
  REBLS 
  SEPS | SEPS 
  SEPS 
  TD | TD 
  TD  Technical Debt 
  WOSC | WOSC 
  WOSC 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  DLS | DLS 
  DLS 
  Onward! | Onward! 
  Onward!  Essays 
  Onward!  Papers 
  Organization | SPLASH 2014 Committees 
  Steering Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Demos 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Inspirations 
  OOPSLA | External Review Committee 
  Program Committee 
  OOPSLA Artifacts | Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Posters | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  SPLASH-E 
  Student Research Competition | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Student Volunteers 
  Tutorials 
  Wavefront 
  Workshops 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
   Co-hosted Events 
  HILT | N/A - check homepage 
  Summer School on Multicore Programming | Organizing Committee 
  Workshops 
  AGERE! | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  DSLDI | Organizing Committee 
  Organizers 
  Program Committee 
  DSM | Organizing Committee 
  ETX | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FOOL | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  FP | Organizing Committee 
  MobileDeLi | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PLATEAU | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PROMOTO | Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  PSP | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  REBLS | Organizing Committee 
  SEPS | Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  TD | Organizing Committee 
  WOSC | Organizing Committee 
  Co-hosted Symposia 
  DLS | Organisers 
  Program Committee 
  Onward! | Steering Committee 
  Onward! Essays 
  Onward! Papers 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SPLASH 2025 
  SPLASH 2024 
  SPLASH 2023 
  SPLASH 2022 
  SPLASH 2021 
  SPLASH 2020 
  SPLASH 2019 
  SPLASH 2018 
  SPLASH 2017 
  SPLASH 2016 
  SPLASH 2015 
  SPLASH 2014 
  SPLASH 2013 
  SPLASH 2012 
  SPLASH 2011 
   SPLASH 2010 
   OOPSLA 2009 
  OOPSLA 2008 
  OOPSLA 2007 
  OOPSLA 2006 
  OOPSLA 2005 
  OOPSLA 2004 
  OOPSLA 2003 
  OOPSLA 2002 
  OOPSLA 2001 
  OOPSLA 2000 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  SPLASH 2014  ( series  ) /   HILT 2014  ( series  ) /  Research Papers HILT 2014   
   
 About 
  Call for Papers 
  Website: http://sigada.org/conf/hilt2014/   
   
 Call for Papers  
  
 Please go to our website: http://sigada.org/conf/hilt2014/   

 x  Thu 5 Dec 12:00    

  SPLASH 2014   
  contact form    
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Administration   
  Demos   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Inspirations   
  OOPSLA   
  OOPSLA Artifacts   
  Panels   
  Posters   
  Awards   
  Keynotes   
  SPLASH-E   
  Social Events   
  Student Research Competition   
  Student Volunteers   
  Tutorials   
  Wavefront   
  Workshops    
 Co-hosted Events  
 HILT 2014   
  Summer School on Multicore Programming 2014   
  Workshops  
 AGERE!   
  DSLDI   
  DSM   
  ETX   
  FOOL   
  FP   
  MobileDeLi   
  PLATEAU   
  PROMOTO   
  PSP   
  REBLS   
  SEPS   
  TD   
  WOSC   
  Co-hosted Symposia  
 DLS   
  Onward! 2014    

 Attending  
 Venue: Portland Marriott   
  About   
  Registration   
  Accommodation   
  Travel   
  Insider's Guide to Portland   
  Students   
  Supporters   
  Support Program   
  Visas   
  MobileApp   
  Maps   
  Downloads   
  Anti-Harassment Policy    
 Social Media  
        
  Sponsors  

  Important dates data: 
undefined

43. Conference ECCB_0:
Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

 The annual international conference on Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology (ISMB) is the flagship meeting of the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB). The 2025 meeting is the 33rd ISMB conference, which has grown to become the world's largest bioinformatics and computational biology conference. Joining forces with the European Conference on Computational Biology (the 24th Annual Conference), ISMB/ECCB 2025 will be the year's most important computational biology event!  
 The international meeting will be held in-person at the ACC Liverpool  —a leading conference and event venue in the UK—and virtually through ISCB's Nucleus platform  .  
 The principal focus of the joint ISMB/ECCB conference is on the development and application of advanced computational methods to address biological problems, and brings together researchers from computer science, bioinformatics, computational biology, molecular biology, mathematics, statistics, and related fields. The conference provides a multidisciplinary platform for sharing the latest advancements in bioinformatics and computational biology, fostering new dialogues and perspectives to shape the future of the field.  
 In addition, with the ever-increasing interest in ISCB’s Communities of Special Interest (COSIs), conference organization actively involves COSIs in program development to help highlight emerging research areas and to deliver an exceptional and research-driven event!  
 In-person participants will have the opportunity to enjoy:   
 in-person training workshops and tutorials 
  the Student Council Symposium 
  more than 500 expected scientific talks 
  exclusive networking events 
  the ability to make new connections when utilizing the attendee profile and match maker features within the virtual platform 
  the option to schedule one-on-one time with speakers, poster presenters, exhibitors, and sponsors to learn more about their work, products, or services 
  exclusive access to the ISMB/ECCB 2025 on-demand repository of talks and poster presentations to catch up on any missed sessions 
  Virtual participants can enjoy:   
 livestream and on-demand access to sessions and tutorials, benefiting attendees from all time zones 
  a live question and answer feature to engage with the speaker during sessions 
  the live chat feature to engage with other participants within virtual session rooms 
  the ability to make new connections when utilizing the attendee profile and match maker features within the virtual platform 
  exclusive access to the ISMB/ECCB 2025 on-demand repository of talks and poster presentations to catch up on any missed sessions 
   
  ISMB/ECCB 2025 bolsters its reputation as the leading conference in the field, with the strongest scientific and technical program that showcases the best international developments in bioinformatics and computational biology.  
 Get ready to join us July 20–24 in Liverpool, United Kingdom!    

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web  

  
Call for papers data: 
   Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 Proceedings  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   Links within this page: Proceedings Overview  | Proceedings Publication Fee  | Areas  | Proceedings Key Dates  | Review Process  | Transfers to Bioinformatics Advances  | Submission Guidelines  | Conference Proceedings  | Hybrid Format  | Contact    
  Coming Soon   
 Proceedings Chairs  :  
 Karsten Borgwardt  , Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Germany  
  Tijana Milenkovic  , University of Notre Dame, USA  
   Proceedings Overview  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 invites submissions of full papers (not abstracts) consisting of new, unpublished work, reporting theoretical, computational, and statistical advances in computational biology and its intersections with other fields.  
 Submissions are encouraged to report on advances in algorithm development and optimization, data structures, data visualization, artificial intelligence/machine learning, text mining, statistical inference, database and ontology development, image analysis, citizen and open science, etc  . to analyze all types of biological data.  
 While we encourage submissions in new and emerging areas, we expect that the majority of submissions addressing topical biological domains will fall into one of the areas below. Please note during the EasyChair submission process you will: 1) select your "Area" (list below) and 2) select one or more of the Communities of Special Interest (COSIs) best suited for the presentation of your research from within the area. (learn more about COSIs here  ).   
 For a variety of reasons, ISCB strongly prefers that scientific research accepted for oral presentation be presented in-person at the conference venue. We understand that some presenters will have valid reasons to avoid in-person attendance. ISCB will grant remote presentation options for reasons associated with maternity/paternity leave, care for a family member, personal/medical disability, sickness, financial hardship, or potential visa problems. If your research is accepted for oral presentation and you are unable to present in person, ISCB requires notification at the time of acceptance and no later than May 14, 2025. You will be asked during your confirmation of participation to confirm your in-person participation.  If unable  to participate you will need to request a waiver by writing presentationwaiver@iscb.org     
    
  Any pre-approved virtual presenters will be required to provide a pre-recorded talk for the virtual platform library in advance of the conference as a precaution due to possible technical issues.  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 follows the ISCB policy for acceptable use of large language models ( https://www.iscb.org/iscb-pol  icy-statements/iscb-policy-for  -acceptable-use-of-large-langu  age-models  )  
 - top -   
   Proceedings Publication Fee  
 Authors of accepted Proceedings papers are responsible for the publication fee of $700 USD.  This is a substantial reduction from the publication fees customary for OUP journals. ISCB is committed to supporting all of its members, especially those from under-developed nations and/or those without funding. If your manuscript is accepted and you are unable to pay for the publication fees in part or in full, you may submit a fee waiver request to waiver@iscb.org   . Please provide your name, full institute address, and a short (up to 50 words) justification of why you are unable to cover the publication fee with the subject line of ISMB 2024 Publications Fee Waiver Request.  
 Publication fee payments are due by May 1, 2025. The online proceedings payment system will open April 9, 2025.  
 Proceedings publications are part of an online-only special issue of Bioinformatics  and are open access (CC-BY), fully citable, and indexed by Medline and ISI. See the conference proceedings for ISMB 2024  for an example of online-only publication by Oxford University Press.  
 - top -   
   Areas:  
  
 Bioinformatics Education and Citizen Science   
  (COSIs within this area include: Education)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Russell Schwartz  , Carnegie Mellon University, USA  
  Jérôme Waldispühl  , McGill University, Canada | Systematic examination and analysis of learning models, outcomes, and educational programs. Serious gaming and game-ification. 
 Bioinformatics of Microbes and Microbiomes   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, CAMDA, HiTSeq, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, Text Mining)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Nicola Mulder  , University of Cape Town, South Africa  
  Mihai Pop  , University of Maryland, USA | Computational methods and algorithms for studying microbial organisms, viruses, and their communities from omics and marker data. 
 Biomedical Informatics  
   (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CAMDA, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MLCSB, NetBio, Text Mining, TransMed, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Niko Beerenwinkel  , ETH Zurich, Switzerland  
  Giulio Caravagna  , University of Trieste, Italy  
  Jenna Wiens  , University of Michigan, USA | Computational approaches to clinical and medical problems, including disease predisposition, diagnostic, progression, and treatment. Pharmacogenomics. 
 Equity and Diversity in Computational Biology Research   
   (Of interest to all COSIs)  
   
  Chair(s):  
   Larry Hunter  , University of Chicago, USA  
  Alejandra Medina Rivera,  Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Mexico | Research that examines issues of equity, representation, diversity, or other elements related to datasets, methods, or the field at large; health policy; fairness in ML; biases in GWAS studies; bias in literature; biology/genomics of traditionally understudied groups. 
 Evolutionary, Comparative and Population Genomics   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Flora Jay  , Université Paris-Saclay, France  
  Erin Molloy  , University of Maryland, USA | Phylogeny estimation, and modelling variation and change under the influence of evolutionary processes. Selection and adaptation. Multi-species analyses. 
 Genome Sequence Analysis   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys, TransMed, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Laurent Jacob  , CNRS, Sorbonne Université, France  
  Tobias Marschall  , Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf, Germany | Assembly and mapping algorithms. Gene prediction and annotation. Detection, qualification, and annotation of genomic variants and their structural and functional effects. 
 Macromolecular Sequence, Structure, and Function   
  (COSIs within this area include: 3DSIG, Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CompMS, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, iRNA, MLCSB, RegSys, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Jianlin Cheng  , University of Missouri, USA   
  Mark Wass  , University of Kent, UK | Analysis and annotation of DNA, RNA, and proteins to predict, characterize, and understand their structure, function, and evolution. Includes protein design and imaging techniques for macromolecules. 
 Privacy and Security for Computational Biology  
   (COSIs within this area include: HiTSeq, MLCSB, TransMed)  
   
  Chair(s):  
   Michael Baudis  , University of Zurich, Switzerland  
  Kana Shimizu  , Waseda University, Japan | Methods related to the protection of individualized molecular and medical information; privacy models; federated learning; GWAS on summary statistics; federated EHR data analysis; new approaches to federated data storage, access, and analysis. 
 Regulatory and Functional Genomics  
   (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Kimberly Glass  , Harvard Medical School, USA  
  Saurabh Sinha  , Georgia Institute of Technology, USA | Transcriptomics, single-cell RNA techniques, non-coding RNA, epigenetics, chromatin structure. 
 Systems Biology and Networks   
  (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CompMS, Function, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys, Text Mining, TransMed)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Anaïs Baudot  , Aix Marseille Université, CNRS, INSERM, France  
  Natasa Przulj  , Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain | Emergent properties and complex multi-component interactions within biological systems, considering genomic, proteomic, metabolomic, and other -omic data; gene regulation and circuit design. 
 General Computational Biology*  
    
  Chair(s):  
  Gary Bader  , University of Toronto, Canada  
  Alberto Paccanaro  , Fundação Getúlio Vargas, Brazil & Royal Holloway, University of London, UK | Novel techniques in emerging areas of computational biology not covered by the other areas listed above, including intersections with other fields. 
 *You are encouraged to submit to one of the other thematic areas. If you feel your contribution is at the intersection of many fields, please pick one. If you still want to submit to this area, you will be asked to explain why. Please note that the submissions in this area and others are likely to be moved, subject to chairs’ considerations. 
  
 - top -   
   Proceedings Key Dates  
   
 - top -   
   Review Process  
 Submissions will be subject to two rounds of reviews, allowing the authors to reply to the reviewer comments. In the first round the submissions will be classified into three categories: (a) accept/minor changes, (b) major changes, and (c) not accepted. Papers in the first category will be considered “conditionally" accepted without a second round of full review; Area Chairs would review the final version and in some cases ask the reviewers if concerns, if any, have been addressed.  Authors of submissions in the second category will be given the opportunity to submit revised drafts based on the reviewer comments, with letters of response to the reviewers outlining the main changes and/or giving counter arguments to the reviewer points.  
   
  We expect the majority of papers to fall in categories (a) and (c), with category (b) reserved for papers that the reviewers identified as strong but with substantial issues that need to be addressed. Among the resubmitted papers, the second round of review will select the most suitable papers for presentation. All reviews of submitted papers are considered confidential and details are not disclosed outside of the review process. These will be published in the Bioinformatics journal and presented at the conference. All accepted papers are expected to have source code available and linked in the manuscript to ensure reproducibility of results.   
 - top -    
   Transfers to Bioinformatics Advances   
 Getting your paper accepted to the ISMB Proceedings is very competitive. For papers which are ranked highly but are not accepted we will be making offers to transfer some manuscripts to the ISCB journal Bioinformatics Advances  . Manuscripts and the associated ISMB reviews would only be transferred to the journal upon author agreement. By transferring the reviews rapid decisions can be made by the journal. Papers accepted to Bioinformatics Advances  would NOT be a part of the ISMB/ECCB 2025 Proceedings and would NOT be offered a talk. Please also note that Bioinformatics Advances is fully open access and that the normal Open Access Charges  for the journal would apply.  
 Authors may opt out of this transfer process at submission time.  
 - top -   
   Submission Guidelines  
 All submission MUST  select a presenting author.   The presenting author MUST  be marked as a corresponding author.   Papers can be submitted in either a template-free format or by following the template for author submission to the OUP journal Bioinformatics  . You are encouraged to submit in the OUP format. You are encouraged to submit in the OUP format. If the OUP template is used, the paper length must not exceed nine pages. If the template-free format is used the length of the paper must not exceed 12 pages (single space, 12 point font). In either  format  the page count should include any required abstract, figures, tables, and bibliography.   Papers must be submitted as a PDF. If your submission is conditionally accepted, it then MUST be resubmitted as a Word or LaTeX file to adhere to the OUP proxy requirements. In either case, the paper must contain an abstract whose length does not exceed 250 words.  
 Authors of submissions will need to select 1st choice and 2nd choice areas  most suitable for their paper (this is relevant for which Area Chairs/reviewers will review the paper). During submission, authors will be able to identify up to three COSIs  most relevant to the topic of their submission (this is relevant for which COSI, i.e. conference track, the talk will be presented at if the paper is accepted). During the review process three reviews will be sought. Papers may be moved between areas as appropriate - this is often necessary for load balance and fit between areas during the review process.  
 If absolutely necessary, submissions can be accompanied by supplementary material, similar to submissions to scientific journals. The supplementary material should be collected in a separate file that is appropriately marked and uploaded as an attachment on the paper submission page in EasyChair. However, we advise against adding supplementary material, in general. Supplementary material will be published on the proceedings site alongside the online version of the conference paper. We do not support supplementary material presented at any other than the publisher's site. Additionally, OUP does not edit or typeset supplementary data - it is uploaded online exactly as it is received, so authors must ensure its accuracy before submitting.  
 Papers should be submitted in their final form since the evaluation procedure does not allow for additional rounds of refinement / modification in response to referee criticisms. Poor quality submissions or insufficiently prepared papers are very often rejected. Paper presenters must register and pay to attend and present at the conference.  
 ISMB does not accept previously published works  through peer-reviewed publications. Please note that conference presentations, posting on recognized preprint servers (such as Arxiv, Biorxiv and PeerJ preprints), or posting on a personal or employer's website do not constitute prior publication. In case of doubt, please contact proceedings@iscb.org    
 After acceptance papers will have to be formatted according to the layout style required by the OUP Bioinformatics  journal and will be limited to 9 pages. Formatting requirements can be found at:  
  https://academic.oup.com/pages/authoring/journals/preparing_your_manuscript?login=true  
   
   Templates are available on OUP’s site for direct download:  
  http://static.primary.prod.gcms.the-infra.com/static/site/journals/document/oup-authoring-template.zip?node=7987de40f2eea956bc39   
 Papers not conforming to guidelines will not be reviewed   
 Papers submitted for review should represent original, previously unpublished work. At the time the paper is submitted to ISMB/ECCB 2025, and for the entire review period, the paper should not be under review by any other conference or scientific journal.  
 Papers will be accepted electronically via the submission system, as a PDF, until January 23, 2025, 11:59 PM in the time zone of your choice  .  *No extension will be granted* If your submission is conditionally accepted, it then MUST be resubmitted as a Word or LaTeX file to adhere to the OUP proxy requirements.   
    
 - top -   
   Conference Proceedings  
 Publication of the proceedings as an online part of the journal Bioinformatics  will result in fully citable articles, indexed by Medline and ISI. See the conference proceedings for ISMB 2024  for an example of online-only publication by Oxford University Press.  
 Accepted papers will be published as conference proceedings in an open access, online-only, section of a regular issue of the Bioinformatics journal with an electronic version distributed to conference delegates. The proceedings will be available online approximately one month prior to the conference opening.  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 provides authors of accepted papers an oral presentation to provide an oral summary of their work. All presentations should be no longer than 20 minutes including 3-4 minutes for discussion. Paper presenters must register and pay to attend and present at the conference.  
 - top -    
   Hybrid format  
 All presenters who have been granted a waiver to present virtually will be required to provide a pre-recorded talk for the virtual platform library in advance of the conference. The pre-recorded talk will be kept on hand in case of any issues that may interfere with the presenters ability to present virtually. If this video is not submitted and an issue arises any delays will be deducted from the allotted presentation time  .  
 - top -   
   Contact  
 Please contact proceedings@iscb.org   for questions concerning the scientific content of submissions.  
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web  

  Important dates data: 
   Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 KEY DATES  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   *Dates subject to change without notice  
 Why aren't extensions allowed?  
 Every file that's uploaded needs to be processed, that's a video from every virtual talk, a video and/or PDF from every in-person poster, and a video and a PDF from every virtual poster. This takes a substantial amount of time on top of travelling to the venue (often internationally), setting up the venue, coordinating volunteers, opening the virtual platform, troubleshooting attendees who try to access said platform, printing delegate name tags, preparing opening slides, organizing awards, identifying dietary requirements, running pre-conference tutorials, processing recordings from completed tutorials, answering questions from delegates who are arriving at the venue, organizing all other ongoing ISCB conferences and affiliated events, and continuing day-to-day upkeep for the Society. These deadlines don't exist in a vacuum which is why they're broadcast as early and often as they are.  
 Abstracts  
   
 - top -   
 Proceedings  
   
 - top -   
 Registration  
   
 - top -   
 Student Council Symposium (SCS)  
   
 - top -   
 Tech Track  
   
 - top -   
 Tutorials  
   
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web

44. Conference ECCB_1:
Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 KEY DATES  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   *Dates subject to change without notice  
 Why aren't extensions allowed?  
 Every file that's uploaded needs to be processed, that's a video from every virtual talk, a video and/or PDF from every in-person poster, and a video and a PDF from every virtual poster. This takes a substantial amount of time on top of travelling to the venue (often internationally), setting up the venue, coordinating volunteers, opening the virtual platform, troubleshooting attendees who try to access said platform, printing delegate name tags, preparing opening slides, organizing awards, identifying dietary requirements, running pre-conference tutorials, processing recordings from completed tutorials, answering questions from delegates who are arriving at the venue, organizing all other ongoing ISCB conferences and affiliated events, and continuing day-to-day upkeep for the Society. These deadlines don't exist in a vacuum which is why they're broadcast as early and often as they are.  
 Abstracts  
   
 - top -   
 Proceedings  
   
 - top -   
 Registration  
   
 - top -   
 Student Council Symposium (SCS)  
   
 - top -   
 Tech Track  
   
 - top -   
 Tutorials  
   
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web  

  
Call for papers data: 
   Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 Proceedings  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   Links within this page: Proceedings Overview  | Proceedings Publication Fee  | Areas  | Proceedings Key Dates  | Review Process  | Transfers to Bioinformatics Advances  | Submission Guidelines  | Conference Proceedings  | Hybrid Format  | Contact    
  Coming Soon   
 Proceedings Chairs  :  
 Karsten Borgwardt  , Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Germany  
  Tijana Milenkovic  , University of Notre Dame, USA  
   Proceedings Overview  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 invites submissions of full papers (not abstracts) consisting of new, unpublished work, reporting theoretical, computational, and statistical advances in computational biology and its intersections with other fields.  
 Submissions are encouraged to report on advances in algorithm development and optimization, data structures, data visualization, artificial intelligence/machine learning, text mining, statistical inference, database and ontology development, image analysis, citizen and open science, etc  . to analyze all types of biological data.  
 While we encourage submissions in new and emerging areas, we expect that the majority of submissions addressing topical biological domains will fall into one of the areas below. Please note during the EasyChair submission process you will: 1) select your "Area" (list below) and 2) select one or more of the Communities of Special Interest (COSIs) best suited for the presentation of your research from within the area. (learn more about COSIs here  ).   
 For a variety of reasons, ISCB strongly prefers that scientific research accepted for oral presentation be presented in-person at the conference venue. We understand that some presenters will have valid reasons to avoid in-person attendance. ISCB will grant remote presentation options for reasons associated with maternity/paternity leave, care for a family member, personal/medical disability, sickness, financial hardship, or potential visa problems. If your research is accepted for oral presentation and you are unable to present in person, ISCB requires notification at the time of acceptance and no later than May 14, 2025. You will be asked during your confirmation of participation to confirm your in-person participation.  If unable  to participate you will need to request a waiver by writing presentationwaiver@iscb.org     
    
  Any pre-approved virtual presenters will be required to provide a pre-recorded talk for the virtual platform library in advance of the conference as a precaution due to possible technical issues.  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 follows the ISCB policy for acceptable use of large language models ( https://www.iscb.org/iscb-pol  icy-statements/iscb-policy-for  -acceptable-use-of-large-langu  age-models  )  
 - top -   
   Proceedings Publication Fee  
 Authors of accepted Proceedings papers are responsible for the publication fee of $700 USD.  This is a substantial reduction from the publication fees customary for OUP journals. ISCB is committed to supporting all of its members, especially those from under-developed nations and/or those without funding. If your manuscript is accepted and you are unable to pay for the publication fees in part or in full, you may submit a fee waiver request to waiver@iscb.org   . Please provide your name, full institute address, and a short (up to 50 words) justification of why you are unable to cover the publication fee with the subject line of ISMB 2024 Publications Fee Waiver Request.  
 Publication fee payments are due by May 1, 2025. The online proceedings payment system will open April 9, 2025.  
 Proceedings publications are part of an online-only special issue of Bioinformatics  and are open access (CC-BY), fully citable, and indexed by Medline and ISI. See the conference proceedings for ISMB 2024  for an example of online-only publication by Oxford University Press.  
 - top -   
   Areas:  
  
 Bioinformatics Education and Citizen Science   
  (COSIs within this area include: Education)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Russell Schwartz  , Carnegie Mellon University, USA  
  Jérôme Waldispühl  , McGill University, Canada | Systematic examination and analysis of learning models, outcomes, and educational programs. Serious gaming and game-ification. 
 Bioinformatics of Microbes and Microbiomes   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, CAMDA, HiTSeq, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, Text Mining)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Nicola Mulder  , University of Cape Town, South Africa  
  Mihai Pop  , University of Maryland, USA | Computational methods and algorithms for studying microbial organisms, viruses, and their communities from omics and marker data. 
 Biomedical Informatics  
   (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CAMDA, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MLCSB, NetBio, Text Mining, TransMed, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Niko Beerenwinkel  , ETH Zurich, Switzerland  
  Giulio Caravagna  , University of Trieste, Italy  
  Jenna Wiens  , University of Michigan, USA | Computational approaches to clinical and medical problems, including disease predisposition, diagnostic, progression, and treatment. Pharmacogenomics. 
 Equity and Diversity in Computational Biology Research   
   (Of interest to all COSIs)  
   
  Chair(s):  
   Larry Hunter  , University of Chicago, USA  
  Alejandra Medina Rivera,  Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Mexico | Research that examines issues of equity, representation, diversity, or other elements related to datasets, methods, or the field at large; health policy; fairness in ML; biases in GWAS studies; bias in literature; biology/genomics of traditionally understudied groups. 
 Evolutionary, Comparative and Population Genomics   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Flora Jay  , Université Paris-Saclay, France  
  Erin Molloy  , University of Maryland, USA | Phylogeny estimation, and modelling variation and change under the influence of evolutionary processes. Selection and adaptation. Multi-species analyses. 
 Genome Sequence Analysis   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys, TransMed, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Laurent Jacob  , CNRS, Sorbonne Université, France  
  Tobias Marschall  , Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf, Germany | Assembly and mapping algorithms. Gene prediction and annotation. Detection, qualification, and annotation of genomic variants and their structural and functional effects. 
 Macromolecular Sequence, Structure, and Function   
  (COSIs within this area include: 3DSIG, Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CompMS, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, iRNA, MLCSB, RegSys, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Jianlin Cheng  , University of Missouri, USA   
  Mark Wass  , University of Kent, UK | Analysis and annotation of DNA, RNA, and proteins to predict, characterize, and understand their structure, function, and evolution. Includes protein design and imaging techniques for macromolecules. 
 Privacy and Security for Computational Biology  
   (COSIs within this area include: HiTSeq, MLCSB, TransMed)  
   
  Chair(s):  
   Michael Baudis  , University of Zurich, Switzerland  
  Kana Shimizu  , Waseda University, Japan | Methods related to the protection of individualized molecular and medical information; privacy models; federated learning; GWAS on summary statistics; federated EHR data analysis; new approaches to federated data storage, access, and analysis. 
 Regulatory and Functional Genomics  
   (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Kimberly Glass  , Harvard Medical School, USA  
  Saurabh Sinha  , Georgia Institute of Technology, USA | Transcriptomics, single-cell RNA techniques, non-coding RNA, epigenetics, chromatin structure. 
 Systems Biology and Networks   
  (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CompMS, Function, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys, Text Mining, TransMed)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Anaïs Baudot  , Aix Marseille Université, CNRS, INSERM, France  
  Natasa Przulj  , Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain | Emergent properties and complex multi-component interactions within biological systems, considering genomic, proteomic, metabolomic, and other -omic data; gene regulation and circuit design. 
 General Computational Biology*  
    
  Chair(s):  
  Gary Bader  , University of Toronto, Canada  
  Alberto Paccanaro  , Fundação Getúlio Vargas, Brazil & Royal Holloway, University of London, UK | Novel techniques in emerging areas of computational biology not covered by the other areas listed above, including intersections with other fields. 
 *You are encouraged to submit to one of the other thematic areas. If you feel your contribution is at the intersection of many fields, please pick one. If you still want to submit to this area, you will be asked to explain why. Please note that the submissions in this area and others are likely to be moved, subject to chairs’ considerations. 
  
 - top -   
   Proceedings Key Dates  
   
 - top -   
   Review Process  
 Submissions will be subject to two rounds of reviews, allowing the authors to reply to the reviewer comments. In the first round the submissions will be classified into three categories: (a) accept/minor changes, (b) major changes, and (c) not accepted. Papers in the first category will be considered “conditionally" accepted without a second round of full review; Area Chairs would review the final version and in some cases ask the reviewers if concerns, if any, have been addressed.  Authors of submissions in the second category will be given the opportunity to submit revised drafts based on the reviewer comments, with letters of response to the reviewers outlining the main changes and/or giving counter arguments to the reviewer points.  
   
  We expect the majority of papers to fall in categories (a) and (c), with category (b) reserved for papers that the reviewers identified as strong but with substantial issues that need to be addressed. Among the resubmitted papers, the second round of review will select the most suitable papers for presentation. All reviews of submitted papers are considered confidential and details are not disclosed outside of the review process. These will be published in the Bioinformatics journal and presented at the conference. All accepted papers are expected to have source code available and linked in the manuscript to ensure reproducibility of results.   
 - top -    
   Transfers to Bioinformatics Advances   
 Getting your paper accepted to the ISMB Proceedings is very competitive. For papers which are ranked highly but are not accepted we will be making offers to transfer some manuscripts to the ISCB journal Bioinformatics Advances  . Manuscripts and the associated ISMB reviews would only be transferred to the journal upon author agreement. By transferring the reviews rapid decisions can be made by the journal. Papers accepted to Bioinformatics Advances  would NOT be a part of the ISMB/ECCB 2025 Proceedings and would NOT be offered a talk. Please also note that Bioinformatics Advances is fully open access and that the normal Open Access Charges  for the journal would apply.  
 Authors may opt out of this transfer process at submission time.  
 - top -   
   Submission Guidelines  
 All submission MUST  select a presenting author.   The presenting author MUST  be marked as a corresponding author.   Papers can be submitted in either a template-free format or by following the template for author submission to the OUP journal Bioinformatics  . You are encouraged to submit in the OUP format. You are encouraged to submit in the OUP format. If the OUP template is used, the paper length must not exceed nine pages. If the template-free format is used the length of the paper must not exceed 12 pages (single space, 12 point font). In either  format  the page count should include any required abstract, figures, tables, and bibliography.   Papers must be submitted as a PDF. If your submission is conditionally accepted, it then MUST be resubmitted as a Word or LaTeX file to adhere to the OUP proxy requirements. In either case, the paper must contain an abstract whose length does not exceed 250 words.  
 Authors of submissions will need to select 1st choice and 2nd choice areas  most suitable for their paper (this is relevant for which Area Chairs/reviewers will review the paper). During submission, authors will be able to identify up to three COSIs  most relevant to the topic of their submission (this is relevant for which COSI, i.e. conference track, the talk will be presented at if the paper is accepted). During the review process three reviews will be sought. Papers may be moved between areas as appropriate - this is often necessary for load balance and fit between areas during the review process.  
 If absolutely necessary, submissions can be accompanied by supplementary material, similar to submissions to scientific journals. The supplementary material should be collected in a separate file that is appropriately marked and uploaded as an attachment on the paper submission page in EasyChair. However, we advise against adding supplementary material, in general. Supplementary material will be published on the proceedings site alongside the online version of the conference paper. We do not support supplementary material presented at any other than the publisher's site. Additionally, OUP does not edit or typeset supplementary data - it is uploaded online exactly as it is received, so authors must ensure its accuracy before submitting.  
 Papers should be submitted in their final form since the evaluation procedure does not allow for additional rounds of refinement / modification in response to referee criticisms. Poor quality submissions or insufficiently prepared papers are very often rejected. Paper presenters must register and pay to attend and present at the conference.  
 ISMB does not accept previously published works  through peer-reviewed publications. Please note that conference presentations, posting on recognized preprint servers (such as Arxiv, Biorxiv and PeerJ preprints), or posting on a personal or employer's website do not constitute prior publication. In case of doubt, please contact proceedings@iscb.org    
 After acceptance papers will have to be formatted according to the layout style required by the OUP Bioinformatics  journal and will be limited to 9 pages. Formatting requirements can be found at:  
  https://academic.oup.com/pages/authoring/journals/preparing_your_manuscript?login=true  
   
   Templates are available on OUP’s site for direct download:  
  http://static.primary.prod.gcms.the-infra.com/static/site/journals/document/oup-authoring-template.zip?node=7987de40f2eea956bc39   
 Papers not conforming to guidelines will not be reviewed   
 Papers submitted for review should represent original, previously unpublished work. At the time the paper is submitted to ISMB/ECCB 2025, and for the entire review period, the paper should not be under review by any other conference or scientific journal.  
 Papers will be accepted electronically via the submission system, as a PDF, until January 23, 2025, 11:59 PM in the time zone of your choice  .  *No extension will be granted* If your submission is conditionally accepted, it then MUST be resubmitted as a Word or LaTeX file to adhere to the OUP proxy requirements.   
    
 - top -   
   Conference Proceedings  
 Publication of the proceedings as an online part of the journal Bioinformatics  will result in fully citable articles, indexed by Medline and ISI. See the conference proceedings for ISMB 2024  for an example of online-only publication by Oxford University Press.  
 Accepted papers will be published as conference proceedings in an open access, online-only, section of a regular issue of the Bioinformatics journal with an electronic version distributed to conference delegates. The proceedings will be available online approximately one month prior to the conference opening.  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 provides authors of accepted papers an oral presentation to provide an oral summary of their work. All presentations should be no longer than 20 minutes including 3-4 minutes for discussion. Paper presenters must register and pay to attend and present at the conference.  
 - top -    
   Hybrid format  
 All presenters who have been granted a waiver to present virtually will be required to provide a pre-recorded talk for the virtual platform library in advance of the conference. The pre-recorded talk will be kept on hand in case of any issues that may interfere with the presenters ability to present virtually. If this video is not submitted and an issue arises any delays will be deducted from the allotted presentation time  .  
 - top -   
   Contact  
 Please contact proceedings@iscb.org   for questions concerning the scientific content of submissions.  
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web  

  Important dates data: 
   Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 KEY DATES  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   *Dates subject to change without notice  
 Why aren't extensions allowed?  
 Every file that's uploaded needs to be processed, that's a video from every virtual talk, a video and/or PDF from every in-person poster, and a video and a PDF from every virtual poster. This takes a substantial amount of time on top of travelling to the venue (often internationally), setting up the venue, coordinating volunteers, opening the virtual platform, troubleshooting attendees who try to access said platform, printing delegate name tags, preparing opening slides, organizing awards, identifying dietary requirements, running pre-conference tutorials, processing recordings from completed tutorials, answering questions from delegates who are arriving at the venue, organizing all other ongoing ISCB conferences and affiliated events, and continuing day-to-day upkeep for the Society. These deadlines don't exist in a vacuum which is why they're broadcast as early and often as they are.  
 Abstracts  
   
 - top -   
 Proceedings  
   
 - top -   
 Registration  
   
 - top -   
 Student Council Symposium (SCS)  
   
 - top -   
 Tech Track  
   
 - top -   
 Tutorials  
   
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web

45. Conference ECCO_0:
European Chapter on Combinatorial Optimization |  
 Welcome |  
 Welcome  
     
 Advisory board  
      
 Activities  
      
 Special issues  
      
 Contact  
      
 Information pages  
      
 Members  
      
 News and FAQ | The EURO  Working Group on Combinatorial Optimization, ECCO  (European Chapter on Combinatorial Optimization) provides an excellent opportunity to discuss recent and important issues in Combinatorial Optimization and its applications with European combinatorialists; most European countries are represented. Purpose and history  
 The group was created in 1987 by C. Roucairol, D. de Werra and A. Rinnooy Kan. C. Roucairol chaired for the first 10 years and now it's chaired by S. Martello  . This group provides an excellent opportunity to discuss recent and important issues in Combinatorial Optimization and its applications with European combinatorialists; most European countries are represented. The groupe is suitable for people who are presently engaged in Combinatorial Optimization (CO), either in theoritical aspects or in business, industry or public administration applications ... All the fields are taken in consideration: operations management - logistics, production scheduling location and distribution problem, ressource allocation, flexible manufacturing ..., - engineering, VLSI design and computer design, network design, ... Recent sessions in last ECCOs have attached a particular emphasis to metaheuristics or new local search methods (tabu, genetic algorithm, ...), polyhedra approaches to difficult problems, recent developments in classical optimization problems (scheduling, assignmentn knapsack partitioning, ...).  
 The meetings are held on a regular basis (once a year during Spring) and nicely combine scientific work and the exchange of new ideas with an exciting atmosphere, as in Paris, May 1988; Venice June 1989; Barcelona, May 1990; Dubrovnik, May 1991 (canceled); Graz April 1992; Brussels, April 1993; Milan, February 1994; Poznan, May 1995; Dublin, April 1996; Tenerife, May 1997; Copenhagen, May 1998; Bendor May 1999; Capri, May 2000; Bonn, May 2001; Lugano, May-June 2002; Molde June 2003; Beirut, June 2004; Minsk, May 2005; Porto (joinlty with CO), May 2006; Cyprus, May 2007; Dubrovnik, May 2008; Jerusalem, May 2009; Malaga (joinlty with CO), May 2010; Amsterdam, May-June 2011; Antalya, April 2012; Paris, May-June 2013; Munich (joinlty with CO), May 2014; Catania, May 2015; Budapest, May 2016; Koper, May 2017; Fribourg (joinlty with CO), June 2018; St. Julian in Malta, May-June 2019; St. Peterburg, June 2020 (canceled); Madrid@online, June 2021; @online (joinlty with CO), June 2022; Chania in Crete, May 2023.  
 ECCO XXXVII - 2024  conference will be organized and hosted by KU Leuven-Gent in Ghent, Belgium.  
  It is scheduled for June 06-08, 2024.   
   
 An abstract booklet is distributed to the participants at each meeting.  
 News logos starting from summer 2016  
 According to the new EURO Branding initiative  , new logos were created for EURO and all EURO Working Groups as one may remark on the left of this page. For the memory, here are the old logos. 
 website : Van-Dat Cung  and Olivier Briant  Mentions légales 
  
  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

46. Conference ECCV_0:
Home 
  Call for paper 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Advisory Committee | Eligibility for Advisory Committee Membership  Roles and Responsibilities  Apply for Advisory Committee  Advisory Committee Member 
  Publication 
  Committee 
  Agenda 
  Venue 
  Contact US 
  Virtual Conference 
  ☰ 

 European Conference on Computer Vision  
  (ECCV-25)  
 15th - 16th January 2025,  
  London, UK  
 Dual-Mode Conference   Register Now   Submit Your Paper   

 Quality articles will be published in well reputed journals like Scopus Indexed or Web of Science **    

 Pre-Enrollment  
 16th December 2024  

 Final Paper Submission  
 31st December`2024  

 Registration Deadline  
 31st December`2024  

 Conference Date  
 15th - 16th January 2025,  

 Welcome to (ECCV-25)   
 ISER is delighted to welcome you to the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV-25)  at London, UK  on 15th - 16th January 2025,  . This event will bring leading scientists, academicians, industry professionals, speakers, and experts of  to one platform. The informative discussions will highlight solutions, achievements, trending issues, and future strategies.  
 ISER constantly aims to present techniques, skills, and the latest information in various fields like science, technology, medical sciences, environment, education, business, banking, finance, languages, history, and much more. It helps participants to explore speaking opportunities, present their unique ideas and create significant connections. You can participate in the groundbreaking discussion, which welcomes active participation and benefits the field and humankind. So, enhance your personal and professional journey by attending the upcoming event.  
   
 Submission Guidelines  
 Please follow these submission guidelines for a smooth procedure related to proffering papers.  
 Procedure  
  Kindly submit papers at the | "Paper Submission" | link on the website 
  If you have any queries, please reach us at | info@iser.org.in 
  Language  
  The official language of all the conferences and papers is English. Therefore, the paper must be written in English, which must be straightforward and free of grammatical errors  
 Our Review Process  
 All the successfully submitted papers will be assessed by the Program Chair, who will initiate the peer review process. Then, the Program Chair will designate at least two suitable technical committee members (Reviewers) with ample field knowledge. After a thorough review, the comments will be submitted to the Program Chair personnel who will make the final decision about submitting the paper.  
 Finally, the conference secretary will inform the concerned authors about the decision. The papers which are not accepted will be sent back for revision and those that pass the second review will be accepted.  
 Note: Please check your email regularly during the review process.  
  Academic Ethics  
 The submitted papers, abstracts, etc., must be original, unpublished work that is not considered for publication elsewhere. In addition, we request the academicians submit original, experimental, or theoretical work that follows the proper citation rules.  
 Following academic ethics is the foundation of any academic. Therefore, plagiarism will not be accepted and will lead to rejection. Some of the actions plagiarism may include are:  
 Rejection of the article or removal of the article from the final publications. 
  Reporting the issue to the concerned author's supervisor(s) and affiliated institution(s). 
  Reporting the case to the office of academic ethics and research funding agency. 
  A right to mention the author's name(s), the title of the article, the name(s) of the affiliated institution, and the details of misconduct, etc., of the plagiarist." 

 Downloads  
  Flyers Download    Sample Abstract    Presenter Form    Listener Form    sample Full Paper     
 ×  Conference Flyer  

 Select Country Code  Algeria (+213)  Andorra (+376)  Angola (+244)  Anguilla (+1264)  Andorra (+376)  American Samoa (+1)  Antigua & Barbuda (+1268)  Argentina (+54)  Afghanistan (+93)  Albania (+355)  Armenia (+374)  Aruba (+297)  Australia (+61)  Austria (+43)  Azerbaijan (+994)  Bahamas (+1242)  Bahrain (+973)  Bangladesh (+880)  Barbados (+1246)  Belarus (+375)  Belgium (+32)  Belize (+501)  Benin (+229)  Bermuda (+1441)  Bhutan (+975)  Bolivia (+591)  Bosnia Herzegovina (+387)  Botswana (+267)  Brazil (+55)  Brunei (+673)  Bulgaria (+359)  Burkina Faso (+226)  Burundi (+257)  Cambodia (+855)  Cocos (keeling) Islands (+61)  Cameroon (+237)  Canada (+1)  Chad (+235)  Christmas Island (+61)  Cape Verde Islands (+238)  Cayman Islands (+1345)  Central African Republic (+236)  Chile (+56)  China (+86)  Colombia (+57)  Comoros (+269)  Congo (+242)  Cook Islands (+682)  Costa Rica (+506)  Croatia (+385)  Cuba (+53)  Cyprus North (+90392)  Cyprus South (+357)  Czech Republic (+42)  Denmark (+45)  Democratic Republic of the Congo (+243)  Djibouti (+253)  Dominica (+1809)  Dominican Republic (+1809)  Ecuador (+593)  Egypt (+20)  East Timor (+670)  El Salvador (+503)  Equatorial Guinea (+240)  Eritrea (+291)  Estonia (+372)  Ethiopia (+251)  Falkland Islands (+500)  Faroe Islands (+298)  Fiji (+679)  Finland (+358)  France (+33)  French Guiana (+594)  French Polynesia (+689)  Gabon (+241)  Gambia (+220)  Georgia (+7880)  Germany (+49)  Ghana (+233)  Gibraltar (+350)  Greece (+30)  Greenland (+299)  Grenada (+1473)  Guadeloupe (+590)  Guam (+671)  Guatemala (+502)  Guinea (+224)  Guinea - Bissau (+245)  Guyana (+592)  Haiti (+509)  Honduras (+504)  Hong Kong (+852)  Hungary (+36)  Iceland (+354)  India (+91)  Indonesia (+62)  Iran (+98)  Iraq (+964)  Ivory Coast (+225)  Ireland (+353)  Israel (+972)  Italy (+39)  Jamaica (+1876)  Japan (+81)  Jordan (+962)  Kazakhstan (+7)  Kenya (+254)  Kiribati (+686)  Korea North (+850)  Korea South (+82)  Kuwait (+965)  Kyrgyzstan (+996)  Laos (+856)  Latvia (+371)  Lebanon (+961)  Lesotho (+266)  Liberia (+231)  Libya (+218)  Liechtenstein (+417)  Lithuania (+370)  Luxembourg (+352)  Macao (+853)  Macedonia (+389)  Madagascar (+261)  Mauritius (+230)  Montenegro (+382)  Malawi (+265)  Malaysia (+60)  Maldives (+960)  Mali (+223)  Malta (+356)  Marshall Islands (+692)  Martinique (+596)  Mauritania (+222)  Mayotte (+269)  Mexico (+52)  Micronesia (+691)  Moldova (+373)  Monaco (+377)  Mongolia (+976)  Montserrat (+1664)  Morocco (+212)  Mozambique (+258)  Myanmar (+95)  Namibia (+264)  Netherlands Antilles (+599)  Nauru (+674)  Nepal (+977)  Netherlands (+31)  New Caledonia (+687)  New Zealand (+64)  Nicaragua (+505)  Niger (+227)  Nigeria (+234)  Niue (+683)  Norfolk Islands (+672)  Northern Marianas (+670)  Norway (+47)  Oman (+968)  Palau (+680)  Panama (+507)  Papua New Guinea (+675)  Paraguay (+595)  Peru (+51)  Pakistan (+92)  Philippines (+63)  Poland (+48)  Portugal (+351)  Puerto Rico (+1787)  Qatar (+974)  Reunion (+262)  Romania (+40)  Russia (+7)  Rwanda (+250)  San Marino (+378)  Sao Tome & Principe (+239)  Saudi Arabia (+966)  Senegal (+221)  Serbia (+381)  Seychelles (+248)  Sierra Leone (+232)  Singapore (+65)  Saint Pierre and Miquelon (+508)  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (+1)  Samoa (+685)  Slovak Republic (+421)  Slovenia (+386)  Solomon Islands (+677)  Somalia (+252)  South Africa (+27)  Spain (+34)  Sri Lanka (+94)  St. Helena (+290)  St. Kitts (+1869)  St. Lucia (+1758)  Sudan (+249)  Suriname (+597)  Swaziland (+268)  Sweden (+46)  Switzerland (+41)  Syria (+963)  Taiwan (+886)  Tajikstan (+7)  Tanzania (+255)  Thailand (+66)  Togo (+228)  Tokelau (+690)  Tonga (+676)  Trinidad & Tobago (+1868)  Tunisia (+216)  Turkey (+90)  Turkmenistan (+7)  Turkmenistan (+993)  Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649)  Tuvalu (+688)  Uganda (+256)  UK (+44)  Ukraine (+380)  United Arab Emirates (+971)  Uruguay (+598)  USA (+1)  Uzbekistan (+7)  Vanuatu (+678)  Vatican City (+379)  Venezuela (+58)  Vietnam (+84)  Virgin Islands - British (+1284)  Virgin Islands - US (+1340)  Wallis & Futuna (+681)  Yemen (North)(+969)  Yemen (South)(+967)  Zambia (+260)  Zimbabwe (+263)        

 Close    

 Contact Person  
 Program manager  
  +91 9344550460  
  info@iser.org.in  
   
 Conference Subscription  
    Select Country Code  Algeria (+213)  Andorra (+376)  Angola (+244)  Anguilla (+1264)  Andorra (+376)  American Samoa (+1)  Antigua & Barbuda (+1268)  Argentina (+54)  Afghanistan (+93)  Albania (+355)  Armenia (+374)  Aruba (+297)  Australia (+61)  Austria (+43)  Azerbaijan (+994)  Bahamas (+1242)  Bahrain (+973)  Bangladesh (+880)  Barbados (+1246)  Belarus (+375)  Belgium (+32)  Belize (+501)  Benin (+229)  Bermuda (+1441)  Bhutan (+975)  Bolivia (+591)  Bosnia Herzegovina (+387)  Botswana (+267)  Brazil (+55)  Brunei (+673)  Bulgaria (+359)  Burkina Faso (+226)  Burundi (+257)  Cambodia (+855)  Cocos (keeling) Islands (+61)  Cameroon (+237)  Canada (+1)  Chad (+235)  Christmas Island (+61)  Cape Verde Islands (+238)  Cayman Islands (+1345)  Central African Republic (+236)  Chile (+56)  China (+86)  Colombia (+57)  Comoros (+269)  Congo (+242)  Cook Islands (+682)  Costa Rica (+506)  Croatia (+385)  Cuba (+53)  Cyprus North (+90392)  Cyprus South (+357)  Czech Republic (+42)  Denmark (+45)  Democratic Republic of the Congo (+243)  Djibouti (+253)  Dominica (+1809)  Dominican Republic (+1809)  Ecuador (+593)  Egypt (+20)  East Timor (+670)  El Salvador (+503)  Equatorial Guinea (+240)  Eritrea (+291)  Estonia (+372)  Ethiopia (+251)  Falkland Islands (+500)  Faroe Islands (+298)  Fiji (+679)  Finland (+358)  France (+33)  French Guiana (+594)  French Polynesia (+689)  Gabon (+241)  Gambia (+220)  Georgia (+7880)  Germany (+49)  Ghana (+233)  Gibraltar (+350)  Greece (+30)  Greenland (+299)  Grenada (+1473)  Guadeloupe (+590)  Guam (+671)  Guatemala (+502)  Guinea (+224)  Guinea - Bissau (+245)  Guyana (+592)  Haiti (+509)  Honduras (+504)  Hong Kong (+852)  Hungary (+36)  Iceland (+354)  India (+91)  Indonesia (+62)  Iran (+98)  Iraq (+964)  Ivory Coast (+225)  Ireland (+353)  Israel (+972)  Italy (+39)  Jamaica (+1876)  Japan (+81)  Jordan (+962)  Kazakhstan (+7)  Kenya (+254)  Kiribati (+686)  Korea North (+850)  Korea South (+82)  Kuwait (+965)  Kyrgyzstan (+996)  Laos (+856)  Latvia (+371)  Lebanon (+961)  Lesotho (+266)  Liberia (+231)  Libya (+218)  Liechtenstein (+417)  Lithuania (+370)  Luxembourg (+352)  Macao (+853)  Macedonia (+389)  Madagascar (+261)  Mauritius (+230)  Montenegro (+382)  Malawi (+265)  Malaysia (+60)  Maldives (+960)  Mali (+223)  Malta (+356)  Marshall Islands (+692)  Martinique (+596)  Mauritania (+222)  Mayotte (+269)  Mexico (+52)  Micronesia (+691)  Moldova (+373)  Monaco (+377)  Mongolia (+976)  Montserrat (+1664)  Morocco (+212)  Mozambique (+258)  Myanmar (+95)  Namibia (+264)  Netherlands Antilles (+599)  Nauru (+674)  Nepal (+977)  Netherlands (+31)  New Caledonia (+687)  New Zealand (+64)  Nicaragua (+505)  Niger (+227)  Nigeria (+234)  Niue (+683)  Norfolk Islands (+672)  Northern Marianas (+670)  Norway (+47)  Oman (+968)  Palau (+680)  Panama (+507)  Papua New Guinea (+675)  Paraguay (+595)  Peru (+51)  Pakistan (+92)  Philippines (+63)  Poland (+48)  Portugal (+351)  Puerto Rico (+1787)  Qatar (+974)  Reunion (+262)  Romania (+40)  Russia (+7)  Rwanda (+250)  San Marino (+378)  Sao Tome & Principe (+239)  Saudi Arabia (+966)  Senegal (+221)  Serbia (+381)  Seychelles (+248)  Sierra Leone (+232)  Singapore (+65)  Saint Pierre and Miquelon (+508)  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (+1)  Samoa (+685)  Slovak Republic (+421)  Slovenia (+386)  Solomon Islands (+677)  Somalia (+252)  South Africa (+27)  Spain (+34)  Sri Lanka (+94)  St. Helena (+290)  St. Kitts (+1869)  St. Lucia (+1758)  Sudan (+249)  Suriname (+597)  Swaziland (+268)  Sweden (+46)  Switzerland (+41)  Syria (+963)  Taiwan (+886)  Tajikstan (+7)  Tanzania (+255)  Thailand (+66)  Togo (+228)  Tokelau (+690)  Tonga (+676)  Trinidad & Tobago (+1868)  Tunisia (+216)  Turkey (+90)  Turkmenistan (+7)  Turkmenistan (+993)  Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649)  Tuvalu (+688)  Uganda (+256)  UK (+44)    --Attend as--  Presenter  Listener       
             We do not spam. We value your privacy!  

 Indexed In  

 Quick Links  
 About US 
  Membership 
  Join a Member 
  Conferences/Event 
    
 Services  
 Researchpedia 
  Researchers Gallery 
  Academics Research Library 
  Visa 
    
 Contact us  
 +91 9344550460 
  info@iser.org.in 
    
 ISER © 2024 All rights reserved | Our Terms & Conditions   

  
Call for papers data: 
  

 Home 
  Call for paper 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Advisory Committee | Eligibility for Advisory Committee Membership  Roles and Responsibilities  Apply for Advisory Committee  Advisory Committee Member 
  Publication 
  Committee 
  Agenda 
  Venue 
  Contact US 
  Virtual Conference 
  ☰ 

 European Conference on Computer Vision  
  (ECCV-25)  
 15th - 16th January 2025,  
  London, UK  
 Dual-Mode Conference   Register Now   Submit Your Paper   

 Quality articles will be published in well reputed journals like Scopus Indexed or Web of Science **    

 Pre-Enrollment  
 16th December 2024  

 Final Paper Submission  
 31st December`2024  

 Registration Deadline  
 31st December`2024  

 Conference Date  
 15th - 16th January 2025,  

 Call For Paper  
 3D computer vision  
  Adversarial learning, attack and defense methods  
  Computational photography  
  Datasets and benchmarking  
  Efficient and scalable vision  
  Fairness, accountability, and transparency  
  Generative models  
  Humans:  

 Quick Links  
 About US 
  Membership 
  Join a Member 
  Conferences/Event 
    
 Services  
 Researchpedia 
  Researchers Gallery 
  Academics Research Library 
  Visa 
    
 Contact us  
 +91 9344550460 
  info@iser.org.in 
    
 ISER © 2024 All rights reserved | Our Terms & Conditions   

  Important dates data: 
undefined

47. Conference ECCV_1:
[email protected] 
  +91-9344550460 
  Academic Research Library 
  Doi Directory 
  Research pedia 

 Home 
  Call For Paper 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Journals   Publication Opportunities  
  Journal List 
  Agenda 
  Venue 
  Advisory Board   Eligibility Criteria  
  Roles and Responsibilities  
  Apply for the Advisory Board member  
  Advisory Board member 
  Contact Us 
    Home 
  Call For Paper 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Committee 
  Agenda 
  Venue 
  Contact Us 
  Journals   Publication Opportunities  
  Journal List 

 European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV-25)   
 1st - 2nd January 2025, Shanghai, China(In-person or Virtual)  
   
  Register Now    Paper Submission     

 Toggle navigation      Sidebar menu    
 IITER Home 
  Virtual Conference 
  Author Guidelines 
  Submission FAQ 
  Journal Publication 
  Registration 
  Plan a Event 
  Invitation Letter 
  Plagiarism Policy & Ethics 
  Contact Us 

 OVERVIEW:  
 With sincere pleasure and honour, IITER welcomes you to attend European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV-2025)  on 1st - 2nd January 2025  at Shanghai , China  . The high-level discussions will gather expert speakers, informative topics, and participants from around the globe. In addition, there will be the finest networking opportunities, with more than 500 participants anticipated. The detailed session will include keynote lectures, oral talks, poster presentations, symposia, workshops, and more  
 Panellists will include academics, students, researchers, and industry professionals, creating an ideal environment for dialogue. Active participation, socialising, reviewing research and discoveries, and exploring solutions to continuing challenges will benefit everyone.  
 Furthermore, it will reduce the gap between theoretical studies and their practical applications. So, be part of the European Conference on Computer Vision  and gain useful information. Explore new fields in the area and create meaningful networks to boost your professional journey.  
   
 OBJECTIVE:  
 The aim of the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV-2025)  is to provide a platform that brings academicians, scientists, professionals, and practitioners under one roof. These opportunities will allow attendees to focus on current trends, achievements, solutions, and new fields.  
 Moreover, it will give a fair idea of where each nation stands in the various fields on European Conference on Computer Vision  . It will help all countries to work together and progress in the area. Furthermore, the aim is to narrow the gap between theory and its practical uses.  
 The goal is to provide academicians with opportunities to explore various fields. It will enable them to get valuable information, help them express their ideas, and give them a chance for research review and publication. Also, it will boost the implementation of discoveries and inventions.  
 The event will also publish original research papers, review papers, surveys, case studies, technical and management reports, viewpoints, conference publications, a thesis, book reviews, notes, commentary, and research papers. Peer review will help young minds enhance their research. Also, healthy engagement and discussing creative ideas will be helpful for professional and personal growth.  

 IMPORTANT DATES  
  
 Earlybird Fee  
  Deadline | 2nd December 2024 
 Paper Submission  
  Deadline | 12th December 2024 
 Registration Deadline | 17th December 2024 
 Conference Date | 1st - 2nd January 2025 

 SUBSCRIBE US  
  
    Select Country Code  Algeria (+213)  Andorra (+376)  Angola (+244)  Anguilla (+1264)  Andorra (+376)  American Samoa (+1)  Antigua & Barbuda (+1268)  Argentina (+54)  Afghanistan (+93)  Albania (+355)  Armenia (+374)  Aruba (+297)  Australia (+61)  Austria (+43)  Azerbaijan (+994)  Bahamas (+1242)  Bahrain (+973)  Bangladesh (+880)  Barbados (+1246)  Belarus (+375)  Belgium (+32)  Belize (+501)  Benin (+229)  Bermuda (+1441)  Bhutan (+975)  Bolivia (+591)  Bosnia Herzegovina (+387)  Botswana (+267)  Brazil (+55)  Brunei (+673)  Bulgaria (+359)  Burkina Faso (+226)  Burundi (+257)  Cambodia (+855)  Cocos (keeling) Islands (+61)  Cameroon (+237)  Canada (+1)  Chad (+235)  Christmas Island (+61)  Cape Verde Islands (+238)  Cayman Islands (+1345)  Central African Republic (+236)  Chile (+56)  China (+86)  Colombia (+57)  Comoros (+269)  Congo (+242)  Cook Islands (+682)  Costa Rica (+506)  Croatia (+385)  Cuba (+53)  Cyprus North (+90392)  Cyprus South (+357)  Czech Republic (+42)  Denmark (+45)  Democratic Republic of the Congo (+243)  Djibouti (+253)  Dominica (+1809)  Dominican Republic (+1809)  Ecuador (+593)  Egypt (+20)  East Timor (+670)  El Salvador (+503)  Equatorial Guinea (+240)  Eritrea (+291)  Estonia (+372)  Ethiopia (+251)  Falkland Islands (+500)  Faroe Islands (+298)  Fiji (+679)  Finland (+358)  France (+33)  French Guiana (+594)  French Polynesia (+689)  Gabon (+241)  Gambia (+220)  Georgia (+7880)  Germany (+49)  Ghana (+233)  Gibraltar (+350)  Greece (+30)  Greenland (+299)  Grenada (+1473)  Guadeloupe (+590)  Guam (+671)  Guatemala (+502)  Guinea (+224)  Guinea - Bissau (+245)  Guyana (+592)  Haiti (+509)  Honduras (+504)  Hong Kong (+852)  Hungary (+36)  Iceland (+354)  India (+91)  Indonesia (+62)  Iran (+98)  Iraq (+964)  Ivory Coast (+225)  Ireland (+353)  Israel (+972)  Italy (+39)  Jamaica (+1876)  Japan (+81)  Jordan (+962)  Kazakhstan (+7)  Kenya (+254)  Kiribati (+686)  Korea North (+850)  Korea South (+82)  Kuwait (+965)  Kyrgyzstan (+996)  Laos (+856)  Latvia (+371)  Lebanon (+961)  Lesotho (+266)  Liberia (+231)  Libya (+218)  Liechtenstein (+417)  Lithuania (+370)  Luxembourg (+352)  Macao (+853)  Macedonia (+389)  Madagascar (+261)  Mauritius (+230)  Montenegro (+382)  Malawi (+265)  Malaysia (+60)  Maldives (+960)  Mali (+223)  Malta (+356)  Marshall Islands (+692)  Martinique (+596)  Mauritania (+222)  Mayotte (+269)  Mexico (+52)  Micronesia (+691)  Moldova (+373)  Monaco (+377)  Mongolia (+976)  Montserrat (+1664)  Morocco (+212)  Mozambique (+258)  Myanmar (+95)  Namibia (+264)  Netherlands Antilles (+599)  Nauru (+674)  Nepal (+977)  Netherlands (+31)  New Caledonia (+687)  New Zealand (+64)  Nicaragua (+505)  Niger (+227)  Nigeria (+234)  Niue (+683)  Norfolk Islands (+672)  Northern Marianas (+670)  Norway (+47)  Oman (+968)  Palau (+680)  Panama (+507)  Papua New Guinea (+675)  Paraguay (+595)  Peru (+51)  Pakistan (+92)  Philippines (+63)  Poland (+48)  Portugal (+351)  Puerto Rico (+1787)  Qatar (+974)  Reunion (+262)  Romania (+40)  Russia (+7)  Rwanda (+250)  San Marino (+378)  Sao Tome & Principe (+239)  Saudi Arabia (+966)  Senegal (+221)  Serbia (+381)  Seychelles (+248)  Sierra Leone (+232)  Singapore (+65)  Saint Pierre and Miquelon (+508)  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (+1)  Samoa (+685)  Slovak Republic (+421)  Slovenia (+386)  Solomon Islands (+677)  Somalia (+252)  South Africa (+27)  Spain (+34)  Sri Lanka (+94)  St. Helena (+290)  St. Kitts (+1869)  St. Lucia (+1758)  Sudan (+249)  Suriname (+597)  Swaziland (+268)  Sweden (+46)  Switzerland (+41)  Syria (+963)  Taiwan (+886)  Tajikstan (+7)  Tanzania (+255)  Thailand (+66)  Togo (+228)  Tokelau (+690)  Tonga (+676)  Trinidad & Tobago (+1868)  Tunisia (+216)  Turkey (+90)  Turkmenistan (+7)  Turkmenistan (+993)  Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649)  Tuvalu (+688)  Uganda (+256)  UK (+44)  Ukraine (+380)  United Arab Emirates (+971)  Uruguay (+598)  USA (+1)  Uzbekistan (+7)  Vanuatu (+678)  Vatican City (+379)  Venezuela (+58)  Vietnam (+84)  Virgin Islands - British (+1284)  Virgin Islands - US (+1340)  Wallis & Futuna (+681)  Yemen (North)(+969)  Yemen (South)(+967)  Zambia (+260)  Zimbabwe (+263)              

 Submit    

 SCOPE AND BENEFITS:  
  Present research and ideas on a global stage  
  Network and collaborate with international experts and scientists in various disciplines  
  Gain valuable career advice and opportunities to publish research in reputed international journals  
  Access the latest research and discoveries in the field  
  Enhance professional growth and development  
  Opportunities for creative thinking and problem-solving through discussions and collaboration  
  Build connections and collaborations for future endeavors  
  Publish articles in reputed journals and obtain citations from scientific repositories.  
   
  All faculty members, including professors and academicians, will get a suitable platform for presenting their opinions and research at these high-level discussions.  
  Faculty can interact with global personalities in the field and discuss issues.  
  Professors and other faculties can receive expert guidance on careers and different scopes  
  Faculty can publish their articles in respected publications like UGC, Scopus, and Academia.  
  Citations of the presented articles will be available at reputed scientific repositories, such as Science Direct, Research Pedia, and Academic Libraries.  
   
  A suitable platform for industry professionals to meet academic professionals and discuss the theory and practicality of the field and discuss solutions and shortcomings.  
  A great platform for industry professionals to communicate their research and its benefits.  
  An opportunity to discuss innovative technologies and ideas and get valuable expert feedback.  
  Industrial professionals can explore the opportunity to publish their articles in reputed journals of international importance, like UGC, Scopus, and Academia.  
  The presented articles will be available for citation in reputable scientific repositories such as Science Direct, Research Pedia, and academic libraries.  

 DOWNLOADS  
  Conference Flyer    Presenter Registration Form    Listener Registration Form    Sample Abstract    Sample Paper Format     

 ×  Download Flyer  
   
 Full name     
 Email Id     
 Country Code  Select Country Code  Algeria (+213)  Andorra (+376)  Angola (+244)  Anguilla (+1264)  Andorra (+376)  American Samoa (+1)  Antigua & Barbuda (+1268)  Argentina (+54)  Afghanistan (+93)  Albania (+355)  Armenia (+374)  Aruba (+297)  Australia (+61)  Austria (+43)  Azerbaijan (+994)  Bahamas (+1242)  Bahrain (+973)  Bangladesh (+880)  Barbados (+1246)  Belarus (+375)  Belgium (+32)  Belize (+501)  Benin (+229)  Bermuda (+1441)  Bhutan (+975)  Bolivia (+591)  Bosnia Herzegovina (+387)  Botswana (+267)  Brazil (+55)  Brunei (+673)  Bulgaria (+359)  Burkina Faso (+226)  Burundi (+257)  Cambodia (+855)  Cocos (keeling) Islands (+61)  Cameroon (+237)  Canada (+1)  Chad (+235)  Christmas Island (+61)  Cape Verde Islands (+238)  Cayman Islands (+1345)  Central African Republic (+236)  Chile (+56)  China (+86)  Colombia (+57)  Comoros (+269)  Congo (+242)  Cook Islands (+682)  Costa Rica (+506)  Croatia (+385)  Cuba (+53)  Cyprus North (+90392)  Cyprus South (+357)  Czech Republic (+42)  Denmark (+45)  Democratic Republic of the Congo (+243)  Djibouti (+253)  Dominica (+1809)  Dominican Republic (+1809)  Ecuador (+593)  Egypt (+20)  East Timor (+670)  El Salvador (+503)  Equatorial Guinea (+240)  Eritrea (+291)  Estonia (+372)  Ethiopia (+251)  Falkland Islands (+500)  Faroe Islands (+298)  Fiji (+679)  Finland (+358)  France (+33)  French Guiana (+594)  French Polynesia (+689)  Gabon (+241)  Gambia (+220)  Georgia (+7880)  Germany (+49)  Ghana (+233)  Gibraltar (+350)  Greece (+30)  Greenland (+299)  Grenada (+1473)  Guadeloupe (+590)  Guam (+671)  Guatemala (+502)  Guinea (+224)  Guinea - Bissau (+245)  Guyana (+592)  Haiti (+509)  Honduras (+504)  Hong Kong (+852)  Hungary (+36)  Iceland (+354)  India (+91)  Indonesia (+62)  Iran (+98)  Iraq (+964)  Ivory Coast (+225)  Ireland (+353)  Israel (+972)  Italy (+39)  Jamaica (+1876)  Japan (+81)  Jordan (+962)  Kazakhstan (+7)  Kenya (+254)  Kiribati (+686)  Korea North (+850)  Korea South (+82)  Kuwait (+965)  Kyrgyzstan (+996)  Laos (+856)  Latvia (+371)  Lebanon (+961)  Lesotho (+266)  Liberia (+231)  Libya (+218)  Liechtenstein (+417)  Lithuania (+370)  Luxembourg (+352)  Macao (+853)  Macedonia (+389)  Madagascar (+261)  Mauritius (+230)  Montenegro (+382)  Malawi (+265)  Malaysia (+60)  Maldives (+960)  Mali (+223)  Malta (+356)  Marshall Islands (+692)  Martinique (+596)  Mauritania (+222)  Mayotte (+269)  Mexico (+52)  Micronesia (+691)  Moldova (+373)  Monaco (+377)  Mongolia (+976)  Montserrat (+1664)  Morocco (+212)  Mozambique (+258)  Myanmar (+95)  Namibia (+264)  Netherlands Antilles (+599)  Nauru (+674)  Nepal (+977)  Netherlands (+31)  New Caledonia (+687)  New Zealand (+64)  Nicaragua (+505)  Niger (+227)  Nigeria (+234)  Niue (+683)  Norfolk Islands (+672)  Northern Marianas (+670)  Norway (+47)  Oman (+968)  Palau (+680)  Panama (+507)  Papua New Guinea (+675)  Paraguay (+595)  Peru (+51)  Pakistan (+92)  Philippines (+63)  Poland (+48)  Portugal (+351)  Puerto Rico (+1787)  Qatar (+974)  Reunion (+262)  Romania (+40)  Russia (+7)  Rwanda (+250)  San Marino (+378)  Sao Tome & Principe (+239)  Saudi Arabia (+966)  Senegal (+221)  Serbia (+381)  Seychelles (+248)  Sierra Leone (+232)  Singapore (+65)  Saint Pierre and Miquelon (+508)  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (+1)  Samoa (+685)  Slovak Republic (+421)  Slovenia (+386)  Solomon Islands (+677)  Somalia (+252)  South Africa (+27)  Spain (+34)  Sri Lanka (+94)  St. Helena (+290)  St. Kitts (+1869)  St. Lucia (+1758)  Sudan (+249)  Suriname (+597)  Swaziland (+268)  Sweden (+46)  Switzerland (+41)  Syria (+963)  Taiwan (+886)  Tajikstan (+7)  Tanzania (+255)  Thailand (+66)  Togo (+228)  Tokelau (+690)  Tonga (+676)  Trinidad & Tobago (+1868)  Tunisia (+216)  Turkey (+90)  Turkmenistan (+7)  Turkmenistan (+993)  Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649)  Tuvalu (+688)  Uganda (+256)  UK (+44)  Ukraine (+380)  United Arab Emirates (+971)  Uruguay (+598)  USA (+1)  Uzbekistan (+7)  Vanuatu (+678)  Vatican City (+379)  Venezuela (+58)  Vietnam (+84)  Virgin Islands - British (+1284)  Virgin Islands - US (+1340)  Wallis & Futuna (+681)  Yemen (North)(+969)  Yemen (South)(+967)  Zambia (+260)  Zimbabwe (+263)     
 Phone Number     
 Country     
 Comments    

 Close    

 Our Publications  

 Sponsored & Indexed By  

 Quick links  
 Home 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 

 Quick links  
 Call for Paper 
  FAQ 
  Contact Us 

 For Enquiries  
 Conference Cordinator 
  +91 9344550460 
  [email protected] 

 IITER © 2024 All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions   

  
Call for papers data: 
[email protected] 
  +91-9940952512 
  Academic Research Library 
  Doi Directory 
  Research pedia 

 Home 
  Call For Paper 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Journals   Publication Opportunities  
  Journal List 
  Agenda 
  Venue 
  Advisory Board   Eligibility Criteria  
  Roles and Responsibilities  
  Apply for the Advisory Board member  
  Advisory Board member 
  Contact Us 
    Home 
  Call For Paper 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 
  Committee 
  Agenda 
  Venue 
  Contact Us 
  Journals   Publication Opportunities  
  Journal List 

 European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV-25)   
 1st - 2nd January 2025, Shanghai, China(In-person or Virtual)  
   
  Register Now    Paper Submission     

 Toggle navigation      Sidebar menu    
 IITER Home 
  Virtual Conference 
  Author Guidelines 
  Submission FAQ 
  Journal Publication 
  Registration 
  Plan a Event 
  Invitation Letter 
  Plagiarism Policy & Ethics 
  Contact Us 

 Paper Submission  
 Full Name     
 Email     
 Country Code  Select Country Code  Algeria (+213)  Andorra (+376)  Angola (+244)  Anguilla (+1264)  Andorra (+376)  American Samoa (+1)  Antigua & Barbuda (+1268)  Argentina (+54)  Afghanistan (+93)  Albania (+355)  Armenia (+374)  Aruba (+297)  Australia (+61)  Austria (+43)  Azerbaijan (+994)  Bahamas (+1242)  Bahrain (+973)  Bangladesh (+880)  Barbados (+1246)  Belarus (+375)  Belgium (+32)  Belize (+501)  Benin (+229)  Bermuda (+1441)  Bhutan (+975)  Bolivia (+591)  Bosnia Herzegovina (+387)  Botswana (+267)  Brazil (+55)  Brunei (+673)  Bulgaria (+359)  Burkina Faso (+226)  Burundi (+257)  Cambodia (+855)  Cocos (keeling) Islands (+61)  Cameroon (+237)  Canada (+1)  Chad (+235)  Christmas Island (+61)  Cape Verde Islands (+238)  Cayman Islands (+1345)  Central African Republic (+236)  Chile (+56)  China (+86)  Colombia (+57)  Comoros (+269)  Congo (+242)  Cook Islands (+682)  Costa Rica (+506)  Croatia (+385)  Cuba (+53)  Cyprus North (+90392)  Cyprus South (+357)  Czech Republic (+42)  Denmark (+45)  Democratic Republic of the Congo (+243)  Djibouti (+253)  Dominica (+1809)  Dominican Republic (+1809)  Ecuador (+593)  Egypt (+20)  East Timor (+670)  El Salvador (+503)  Equatorial Guinea (+240)  Eritrea (+291)  Estonia (+372)  Ethiopia (+251)  Falkland Islands (+500)  Faroe Islands (+298)  Fiji (+679)  Finland (+358)  France (+33)  French Guiana (+594)  French Polynesia (+689)  Gabon (+241)  Gambia (+220)  Georgia (+7880)  Germany (+49)  Ghana (+233)  Gibraltar (+350)  Greece (+30)  Greenland (+299)  Grenada (+1473)  Guadeloupe (+590)  Guam (+671)  Guatemala (+502)  Guinea (+224)  Guinea - Bissau (+245)  Guyana (+592)  Haiti (+509)  Honduras (+504)  Hong Kong (+852)  Hungary (+36)  Iceland (+354)  India (+91)  Indonesia (+62)  Iran (+98)  Iraq (+964)  Ivory Coast (+225)  Ireland (+353)  Israel (+972)  Italy (+39)  Jamaica (+1876)  Japan (+81)  Jordan (+962)  Kazakhstan (+7)  Kenya (+254)  Kiribati (+686)  Korea North (+850)  Korea South (+82)  Kuwait (+965)  Kyrgyzstan (+996)  Laos (+856)  Latvia (+371)  Lebanon (+961)  Lesotho (+266)  Liberia (+231)  Libya (+218)  Liechtenstein (+417)  Lithuania (+370)  Luxembourg (+352)  Macao (+853)  Macedonia (+389)  Madagascar (+261)  Mauritius (+230)  Montenegro (+382)  Malawi (+265)  Malaysia (+60)  Maldives (+960)  Mali (+223)  Malta (+356)  Marshall Islands (+692)  Martinique (+596)  Mauritania (+222)  Mayotte (+269)  Mexico (+52)  Micronesia (+691)  Moldova (+373)  Monaco (+377)  Mongolia (+976)  Montserrat (+1664)  Morocco (+212)  Mozambique (+258)  Myanmar (+95)  Namibia (+264)  Netherlands Antilles (+599)  Nauru (+674)  Nepal (+977)  Netherlands (+31)  New Caledonia (+687)  New Zealand (+64)  Nicaragua (+505)  Niger (+227)  Nigeria (+234)  Niue (+683)  Norfolk Islands (+672)  Northern Marianas (+670)  Norway (+47)  Oman (+968)  Palau (+680)  Panama (+507)  Papua New Guinea (+675)  Paraguay (+595)  Peru (+51)  Pakistan (+92)  Philippines (+63)  Poland (+48)  Portugal (+351)  Puerto Rico (+1787)  Qatar (+974)  Reunion (+262)  Romania (+40)  Russia (+7)  Rwanda (+250)  San Marino (+378)  Sao Tome & Principe (+239)  Saudi Arabia (+966)  Senegal (+221)  Serbia (+381)  Seychelles (+248)  Sierra Leone (+232)  Singapore (+65)  Saint Pierre and Miquelon (+508)  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (+1)  Samoa (+685)  Slovak Republic (+421)  Slovenia (+386)  Solomon Islands (+677)  Somalia (+252)  South Africa (+27)  Spain (+34)  Sri Lanka (+94)  St. Helena (+290)  St. Kitts (+1869)  St. Lucia (+1758)  Sudan (+249)  Suriname (+597)  Swaziland (+268)  Sweden (+46)  Switzerland (+41)  Syria (+963)  Taiwan (+886)  Tajikstan (+7)  Tanzania (+255)  Thailand (+66)  Togo (+228)  Tokelau (+690)  Tonga (+676)  Trinidad & Tobago (+1868)  Tunisia (+216)  Turkey (+90)  Turkmenistan (+7)  Turkmenistan (+993)  Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649)  Tuvalu (+688)  Uganda (+256)  UK (+44)  Ukraine (+380)  United Arab Emirates (+971)  Uruguay (+598)  USA (+1)  Uzbekistan (+7)  Vanuatu (+678)  Vatican City (+379)  Venezuela (+58)  Vietnam (+84)  Virgin Islands - British (+1284)  Virgin Islands - US (+1340)  Wallis & Futuna (+681)  Yemen (North)(+969)  Yemen (South)(+967)  Zambia (+260)  Zimbabwe (+263)     
 Phone     
 Article title     
 College/University     
 Conference Name     
 Date of Conference     
 Conference City     
 Conference Country     
 Select Presentation Mode  --Select Presentation Mode--  Oral Presentation  Poster Presentation  Virtual Presentation (Online Live attending)  Video Presentation (Pre-recorded Video Presentation option)     
 Journal Publication  --Select--  Yes  No     
   Message     
 File Upload     

 For any queries related to abstract submission, acceptance letter, registration fee, or presentation, please contact us at [email protected]   and +91 9940952512   
  Submit your Paper     

 Sponsored & Indexed By  

 Quick links  
 Home 
  Paper Submission 
  Registration 

 Quick links  
 Call for Paper 
  FAQ 
  Contact Us 

 For Enquiries  
 Conference Cordinator 
  +91 9940952512 
  [email protected] 

 IITER © 2024 All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions   

 <  Important dates data: 
undefined

48. Conference ECDG_0:
Skip to main content      

 Policy | News 
  Events 
  Act 
  FAQs 
  Solutions | Software 
  Other 
  Support Centre | Forum 
  EU Country knowledge 
  Governance | Governance Board 
  EU Digital Funding Opportunities 
  Academy 
  Sign in 
  Get started | Create an account    As a signed-in user you can create content, become a member of a community, receive notifications on your favourite solutions and topics, and access all other features available on the platform. 
  Toggle menu | Home 
  Policy | News 
  Events 
  Act 
  FAQs 
  Solutions | Software 
  Other 
  Support Centre | Forum 
  EU Country knowledge 
  Governance | Governance Board 
  EU Digital Funding Opportunities 
  Academy 
  Sign in 
  About us 
   Toggle search box | eGovernment    Search 

 eGovernment    
   
 You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form.   
  Join this collection         
   
 40 Solutions 
  357 members 
  Topics: | eGovernment 

 Overview 
  ePractice 

   Bookmark    
   Like (0)    

 18th European Conference on Digital Government      

 Anonymous (not verified)    
  Published on: 15/07/2016  Last update: 20/08/2018  Event     Archived       
   25  to 26/10/2018     
   University of Santiago de Compostela, Spain  
  Faculty of Political and Social Sciences  
  Av. Dr. Angel Echeverri, s/n.  
  Campus Vida  
  15782 Santiago de Compostela   

 The European Conference on e-Government has been running now for 18 years. This event has been held in Italy, Ireland, Belgium, UK, Slovenia, to mention a few of the countries who have hosted it. This year we are refocusing the conference to look more broadly at the area of Digital Government. The conference is generally attended by participants from more than 40 countries and attracts an interesting combination of academic scholars, public sector workers and individuals who are engaged in various aspects of Digital Government research and application.  
  
 ECDG 2018 is being hosted by the University of Santiago de Compostela, Spain  
  
 The conference will also host the finals of the Digital Government Excellence Awards.  
  
 A recent addition to this conference is the Workshop which will be held on the day preceding the conference.  
  
 Key Topics   
 Applications of e-Government 
  Challenges to Digital Government 
  Interoperability 
  e-Government 2.0 
  Digital Democracy/e-Participation 
  Evaluating the economics of Digital Government 
  Legal, agency, trust and governance issues in Digital Government 
  Accessing Digital Government with mobile devices and the internet of things 
  Expected Participants:  
 50-150  
 State: Open  

 References  
 Website   
 http://www.academic-conferences.org/conferences/ecdg/    
   
 Contact email   
 elaine@academic-conferences.org    

 Report abusive content  Share      
   
 Physical location   
 University of Santiago de Compostela, Spain  
  Faculty of Political and Social Sciences  
  Av. Dr. Angel Echeverri, s/n.  
  Campus Vida  
  15782 Santiago de Compostela   

 Attachments  
  
 pdf | Conference Poster     
 1.05 MB 
 png | Conference Logo     
 372.87 KB 

 Comments  

 Anonymous (not verified)   Fri, 15/07/2016 - 16:10        
 The Call for papers closes on the 24th November 2016.  

 Dia Nag (not verified)   Tue, 11/09/2018 - 17:02        
 I would like to sign up for this conference. Whats the process?  

 Interoperable Europe    
 2.0.4   
   
 Useful links  
 About us  
 What is the Portal 
  Joinup Licensing Assistant 
  EIF Toolbox 
  Interoperable Europe 
    
 Help and support  
 Take a tour 
  Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) 
  Contact Portal Support 
  How-To Articles 
  Satisfaction survey 
  Federation 
  Legal notice 
  Privacy statement 
  Accessibility statement 
    
 European Commission  
 About the Commission's new web presence 
  Resources for partners 
  Cookies 
  Contact European Commission 
  Europa Analytics 
    
 Follow us  
 Newsletter subscription 
  Portal newsletter archive 
  Twitter / X 
  LinkedIn 

  
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

49. Conference ECCO_1:
Login    Lost password ?  Create account 

 Main menu   
 Home     
 Committees     
 Special sessions     
 Keynote speakers     
 Program     
 Conference location     
 Travel     
 Hotel accomodation     
 Registration     
 Social program     
 Submission information     

 HELP   
 @ Contact | ECCO'2025  
 The ECCO annual conference aim to bring together researchers in the field of Combinatorial Optimization to present their work, share experiences, and discuss recent advances in theory and applications. The primary objectives are:  
 exchanging results and experiences in solving real-world combinatorial optimization problems 
  reporting on development and implementation of appropriate models and efficient solution methods for combinatorial optimization problems 
  establishing networking contacts between individuals and research groups working on related topics 
  promoting the work on combinatorial optimization (theory and applications) to the broader scientific community 
  identifying challenging research problems for the field, as well as promising research outlets (both in theory and applications) 
  promoting interactions with researchers in other related fields 
  A special issue of the Journal of Combinatorial Optimization    will be devoted to work presented at the conference.  
  All articles will be refereed according to the high standards of the journal. Details of the process will be given during the conference. | Important dates  
 - AbstractSubmission deadline : January 24, 2025    
      
 - Notification of acceptance: February 26, 2025    

 Follow us ! | ECCO'2025  
 The ECCO annual conference aim to bring together researchers in the field of Combinatorial Optimization to present their work, share experiences, and discuss recent advances in theory and applications. The primary objectives are:  
 exchanging results and experiences in solving real-world combinatorial optimization problems 
  reporting on development and implementation of appropriate models and efficient solution methods for combinatorial optimization problems 
  establishing networking contacts between individuals and research groups working on related topics 
  promoting the work on combinatorial optimization (theory and applications) to the broader scientific community 
  identifying challenging research problems for the field, as well as promising research outlets (both in theory and applications) 
  promoting interactions with researchers in other related fields 
  A special issue of the Journal of Combinatorial Optimization    will be devoted to work presented at the conference.  
  All articles will be refereed according to the high standards of the journal. Details of the process will be given during the conference. | Important dates  
 - AbstractSubmission deadline : January 24, 2025    
      
 - Notification of acceptance: February 26, 2025    

 Follow us ! 
 ECCO'2025  
 The ECCO annual conference aim to bring together researchers in the field of Combinatorial Optimization to present their work, share experiences, and discuss recent advances in theory and applications. The primary objectives are:  
 exchanging results and experiences in solving real-world combinatorial optimization problems 
  reporting on development and implementation of appropriate models and efficient solution methods for combinatorial optimization problems 
  establishing networking contacts between individuals and research groups working on related topics 
  promoting the work on combinatorial optimization (theory and applications) to the broader scientific community 
  identifying challenging research problems for the field, as well as promising research outlets (both in theory and applications) 
  promoting interactions with researchers in other related fields 
  A special issue of the Journal of Combinatorial Optimization    will be devoted to work presented at the conference.  
  All articles will be refereed according to the high standards of the journal. Details of the process will be given during the conference. | Important dates  
 - AbstractSubmission deadline : January 24, 2025    
      
 - Notification of acceptance: February 26, 2025    

 Follow us ! 

 Online user: 1 | Privacy |  

   Loading...   

   
Call for papers data: 
undefinedImportant dates data: 
undefined

50. Conference ECCB_1:
Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 KEY DATES  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   *Dates subject to change without notice  
 Why aren't extensions allowed?  
 Every file that's uploaded needs to be processed, that's a video from every virtual talk, a video and/or PDF from every in-person poster, and a video and a PDF from every virtual poster. This takes a substantial amount of time on top of travelling to the venue (often internationally), setting up the venue, coordinating volunteers, opening the virtual platform, troubleshooting attendees who try to access said platform, printing delegate name tags, preparing opening slides, organizing awards, identifying dietary requirements, running pre-conference tutorials, processing recordings from completed tutorials, answering questions from delegates who are arriving at the venue, organizing all other ongoing ISCB conferences and affiliated events, and continuing day-to-day upkeep for the Society. These deadlines don't exist in a vacuum which is why they're broadcast as early and often as they are.  
 Abstracts  
   
 - top -   
 Proceedings  
   
 - top -   
 Registration  
   
 - top -   
 Student Council Symposium (SCS)  
   
 - top -   
 Tech Track  
   
 - top -   
 Tutorials  
   
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web  

  
Call for papers data: 
   Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 Proceedings  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   Links within this page: Proceedings Overview  | Proceedings Publication Fee  | Areas  | Proceedings Key Dates  | Review Process  | Transfers to Bioinformatics Advances  | Submission Guidelines  | Conference Proceedings  | Hybrid Format  | Contact    
  Coming Soon   
 Proceedings Chairs  :  
 Karsten Borgwardt  , Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Germany  
  Tijana Milenkovic  , University of Notre Dame, USA  
   Proceedings Overview  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 invites submissions of full papers (not abstracts) consisting of new, unpublished work, reporting theoretical, computational, and statistical advances in computational biology and its intersections with other fields.  
 Submissions are encouraged to report on advances in algorithm development and optimization, data structures, data visualization, artificial intelligence/machine learning, text mining, statistical inference, database and ontology development, image analysis, citizen and open science, etc  . to analyze all types of biological data.  
 While we encourage submissions in new and emerging areas, we expect that the majority of submissions addressing topical biological domains will fall into one of the areas below. Please note during the EasyChair submission process you will: 1) select your "Area" (list below) and 2) select one or more of the Communities of Special Interest (COSIs) best suited for the presentation of your research from within the area. (learn more about COSIs here  ).   
 For a variety of reasons, ISCB strongly prefers that scientific research accepted for oral presentation be presented in-person at the conference venue. We understand that some presenters will have valid reasons to avoid in-person attendance. ISCB will grant remote presentation options for reasons associated with maternity/paternity leave, care for a family member, personal/medical disability, sickness, financial hardship, or potential visa problems. If your research is accepted for oral presentation and you are unable to present in person, ISCB requires notification at the time of acceptance and no later than May 14, 2025. You will be asked during your confirmation of participation to confirm your in-person participation.  If unable  to participate you will need to request a waiver by writing presentationwaiver@iscb.org     
    
  Any pre-approved virtual presenters will be required to provide a pre-recorded talk for the virtual platform library in advance of the conference as a precaution due to possible technical issues.  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 follows the ISCB policy for acceptable use of large language models ( https://www.iscb.org/iscb-pol  icy-statements/iscb-policy-for  -acceptable-use-of-large-langu  age-models  )  
 - top -   
   Proceedings Publication Fee  
 Authors of accepted Proceedings papers are responsible for the publication fee of $700 USD.  This is a substantial reduction from the publication fees customary for OUP journals. ISCB is committed to supporting all of its members, especially those from under-developed nations and/or those without funding. If your manuscript is accepted and you are unable to pay for the publication fees in part or in full, you may submit a fee waiver request to waiver@iscb.org   . Please provide your name, full institute address, and a short (up to 50 words) justification of why you are unable to cover the publication fee with the subject line of ISMB 2024 Publications Fee Waiver Request.  
 Publication fee payments are due by May 1, 2025. The online proceedings payment system will open April 9, 2025.  
 Proceedings publications are part of an online-only special issue of Bioinformatics  and are open access (CC-BY), fully citable, and indexed by Medline and ISI. See the conference proceedings for ISMB 2024  for an example of online-only publication by Oxford University Press.  
 - top -   
   Areas:  
  
 Bioinformatics Education and Citizen Science   
  (COSIs within this area include: Education)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Russell Schwartz  , Carnegie Mellon University, USA  
  Jérôme Waldispühl  , McGill University, Canada | Systematic examination and analysis of learning models, outcomes, and educational programs. Serious gaming and game-ification. 
 Bioinformatics of Microbes and Microbiomes   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, CAMDA, HiTSeq, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, Text Mining)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Nicola Mulder  , University of Cape Town, South Africa  
  Mihai Pop  , University of Maryland, USA | Computational methods and algorithms for studying microbial organisms, viruses, and their communities from omics and marker data. 
 Biomedical Informatics  
   (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CAMDA, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MLCSB, NetBio, Text Mining, TransMed, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Niko Beerenwinkel  , ETH Zurich, Switzerland  
  Giulio Caravagna  , University of Trieste, Italy  
  Jenna Wiens  , University of Michigan, USA | Computational approaches to clinical and medical problems, including disease predisposition, diagnostic, progression, and treatment. Pharmacogenomics. 
 Equity and Diversity in Computational Biology Research   
   (Of interest to all COSIs)  
   
  Chair(s):  
   Larry Hunter  , University of Chicago, USA  
  Alejandra Medina Rivera,  Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Mexico | Research that examines issues of equity, representation, diversity, or other elements related to datasets, methods, or the field at large; health policy; fairness in ML; biases in GWAS studies; bias in literature; biology/genomics of traditionally understudied groups. 
 Evolutionary, Comparative and Population Genomics   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Flora Jay  , Université Paris-Saclay, France  
  Erin Molloy  , University of Maryland, USA | Phylogeny estimation, and modelling variation and change under the influence of evolutionary processes. Selection and adaptation. Multi-species analyses. 
 Genome Sequence Analysis   
  (COSIs within this area include: BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys, TransMed, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Laurent Jacob  , CNRS, Sorbonne Université, France  
  Tobias Marschall  , Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf, Germany | Assembly and mapping algorithms. Gene prediction and annotation. Detection, qualification, and annotation of genomic variants and their structural and functional effects. 
 Macromolecular Sequence, Structure, and Function   
  (COSIs within this area include: 3DSIG, Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CompMS, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, iRNA, MLCSB, RegSys, VarI)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Jianlin Cheng  , University of Missouri, USA   
  Mark Wass  , University of Kent, UK | Analysis and annotation of DNA, RNA, and proteins to predict, characterize, and understand their structure, function, and evolution. Includes protein design and imaging techniques for macromolecules. 
 Privacy and Security for Computational Biology  
   (COSIs within this area include: HiTSeq, MLCSB, TransMed)  
   
  Chair(s):  
   Michael Baudis  , University of Zurich, Switzerland  
  Kana Shimizu  , Waseda University, Japan | Methods related to the protection of individualized molecular and medical information; privacy models; federated learning; GWAS on summary statistics; federated EHR data analysis; new approaches to federated data storage, access, and analysis. 
 Regulatory and Functional Genomics  
   (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, Evolution and Comparative Genomics, Function, HiTSeq, iRNA, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Kimberly Glass  , Harvard Medical School, USA  
  Saurabh Sinha  , Georgia Institute of Technology, USA | Transcriptomics, single-cell RNA techniques, non-coding RNA, epigenetics, chromatin structure. 
 Systems Biology and Networks   
  (COSIs within this area include: Bio-Ontologies, BioVis, CompMS, Function, MICROBIOME, MLCSB, NetBio, RegSys, Text Mining, TransMed)  
   
  Chair(s):  
  Anaïs Baudot  , Aix Marseille Université, CNRS, INSERM, France  
  Natasa Przulj  , Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain | Emergent properties and complex multi-component interactions within biological systems, considering genomic, proteomic, metabolomic, and other -omic data; gene regulation and circuit design. 
 General Computational Biology*  
    
  Chair(s):  
  Gary Bader  , University of Toronto, Canada  
  Alberto Paccanaro  , Fundação Getúlio Vargas, Brazil & Royal Holloway, University of London, UK | Novel techniques in emerging areas of computational biology not covered by the other areas listed above, including intersections with other fields. 
 *You are encouraged to submit to one of the other thematic areas. If you feel your contribution is at the intersection of many fields, please pick one. If you still want to submit to this area, you will be asked to explain why. Please note that the submissions in this area and others are likely to be moved, subject to chairs’ considerations. 
  
 - top -   
   Proceedings Key Dates  
   
 - top -   
   Review Process  
 Submissions will be subject to two rounds of reviews, allowing the authors to reply to the reviewer comments. In the first round the submissions will be classified into three categories: (a) accept/minor changes, (b) major changes, and (c) not accepted. Papers in the first category will be considered “conditionally" accepted without a second round of full review; Area Chairs would review the final version and in some cases ask the reviewers if concerns, if any, have been addressed.  Authors of submissions in the second category will be given the opportunity to submit revised drafts based on the reviewer comments, with letters of response to the reviewers outlining the main changes and/or giving counter arguments to the reviewer points.  
   
  We expect the majority of papers to fall in categories (a) and (c), with category (b) reserved for papers that the reviewers identified as strong but with substantial issues that need to be addressed. Among the resubmitted papers, the second round of review will select the most suitable papers for presentation. All reviews of submitted papers are considered confidential and details are not disclosed outside of the review process. These will be published in the Bioinformatics journal and presented at the conference. All accepted papers are expected to have source code available and linked in the manuscript to ensure reproducibility of results.   
 - top -    
   Transfers to Bioinformatics Advances   
 Getting your paper accepted to the ISMB Proceedings is very competitive. For papers which are ranked highly but are not accepted we will be making offers to transfer some manuscripts to the ISCB journal Bioinformatics Advances  . Manuscripts and the associated ISMB reviews would only be transferred to the journal upon author agreement. By transferring the reviews rapid decisions can be made by the journal. Papers accepted to Bioinformatics Advances  would NOT be a part of the ISMB/ECCB 2025 Proceedings and would NOT be offered a talk. Please also note that Bioinformatics Advances is fully open access and that the normal Open Access Charges  for the journal would apply.  
 Authors may opt out of this transfer process at submission time.  
 - top -   
   Submission Guidelines  
 All submission MUST  select a presenting author.   The presenting author MUST  be marked as a corresponding author.   Papers can be submitted in either a template-free format or by following the template for author submission to the OUP journal Bioinformatics  . You are encouraged to submit in the OUP format. You are encouraged to submit in the OUP format. If the OUP template is used, the paper length must not exceed nine pages. If the template-free format is used the length of the paper must not exceed 12 pages (single space, 12 point font). In either  format  the page count should include any required abstract, figures, tables, and bibliography.   Papers must be submitted as a PDF. If your submission is conditionally accepted, it then MUST be resubmitted as a Word or LaTeX file to adhere to the OUP proxy requirements. In either case, the paper must contain an abstract whose length does not exceed 250 words.  
 Authors of submissions will need to select 1st choice and 2nd choice areas  most suitable for their paper (this is relevant for which Area Chairs/reviewers will review the paper). During submission, authors will be able to identify up to three COSIs  most relevant to the topic of their submission (this is relevant for which COSI, i.e. conference track, the talk will be presented at if the paper is accepted). During the review process three reviews will be sought. Papers may be moved between areas as appropriate - this is often necessary for load balance and fit between areas during the review process.  
 If absolutely necessary, submissions can be accompanied by supplementary material, similar to submissions to scientific journals. The supplementary material should be collected in a separate file that is appropriately marked and uploaded as an attachment on the paper submission page in EasyChair. However, we advise against adding supplementary material, in general. Supplementary material will be published on the proceedings site alongside the online version of the conference paper. We do not support supplementary material presented at any other than the publisher's site. Additionally, OUP does not edit or typeset supplementary data - it is uploaded online exactly as it is received, so authors must ensure its accuracy before submitting.  
 Papers should be submitted in their final form since the evaluation procedure does not allow for additional rounds of refinement / modification in response to referee criticisms. Poor quality submissions or insufficiently prepared papers are very often rejected. Paper presenters must register and pay to attend and present at the conference.  
 ISMB does not accept previously published works  through peer-reviewed publications. Please note that conference presentations, posting on recognized preprint servers (such as Arxiv, Biorxiv and PeerJ preprints), or posting on a personal or employer's website do not constitute prior publication. In case of doubt, please contact proceedings@iscb.org    
 After acceptance papers will have to be formatted according to the layout style required by the OUP Bioinformatics  journal and will be limited to 9 pages. Formatting requirements can be found at:  
  https://academic.oup.com/pages/authoring/journals/preparing_your_manuscript?login=true  
   
   Templates are available on OUP’s site for direct download:  
  http://static.primary.prod.gcms.the-infra.com/static/site/journals/document/oup-authoring-template.zip?node=7987de40f2eea956bc39   
 Papers not conforming to guidelines will not be reviewed   
 Papers submitted for review should represent original, previously unpublished work. At the time the paper is submitted to ISMB/ECCB 2025, and for the entire review period, the paper should not be under review by any other conference or scientific journal.  
 Papers will be accepted electronically via the submission system, as a PDF, until January 23, 2025, 11:59 PM in the time zone of your choice  .  *No extension will be granted* If your submission is conditionally accepted, it then MUST be resubmitted as a Word or LaTeX file to adhere to the OUP proxy requirements.   
    
 - top -   
   Conference Proceedings  
 Publication of the proceedings as an online part of the journal Bioinformatics  will result in fully citable articles, indexed by Medline and ISI. See the conference proceedings for ISMB 2024  for an example of online-only publication by Oxford University Press.  
 Accepted papers will be published as conference proceedings in an open access, online-only, section of a regular issue of the Bioinformatics journal with an electronic version distributed to conference delegates. The proceedings will be available online approximately one month prior to the conference opening.  
 ISMB/ECCB 2025 provides authors of accepted papers an oral presentation to provide an oral summary of their work. All presentations should be no longer than 20 minutes including 3-4 minutes for discussion. Paper presenters must register and pay to attend and present at the conference.  
 - top -    
   Hybrid format  
 All presenters who have been granted a waiver to present virtually will be required to provide a pre-recorded talk for the virtual platform library in advance of the conference. The pre-recorded talk will be kept on hand in case of any issues that may interfere with the presenters ability to present virtually. If this video is not submitted and an issue arises any delays will be deducted from the allotted presentation time  .  
 - top -   
   Contact  
 Please contact proceedings@iscb.org   for questions concerning the scientific content of submissions.  
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web  

  Important dates data: 
   Support Us 
  Join ISCB 
  Contact Us 
  Member Directory 

 Leading Professional Society for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics  
  Connecting, Training, Empowering, Worldwide   

 Log in    

 Forgot Login? 

 Menu    
    
 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 

 Home 
  Who We Are 
  What We Do 
  Become a member 
  Career Center 
  Nucleus 

 CONTACT 
  JOIN ISCB 
  KEY DATES 
  REGISTER 

 KEY DATES  

 ISMB/ECCB 2025 - Left Menu   ≡  Open menu   HOME - ISMB/ECCB 2025 
  GENERAL INFO | About ISCB 
  About ISMB/ECCB 
  Health and Safety Protocols 
  Venue, Accommodation, and Travel 
  CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS | Proceedings 
  Tutorials 
  PROGRAMME & AGENDA | Accessing Missed Presentations 
  Distinguished Keynotes 
  CAREER FAIR 
  ORGANIZERS | Committees 
  Conference Chairs 
  EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS | Sponsorship Opportunities 
  ISCB POLICY STATEMENTS 

   *Dates subject to change without notice  
 Why aren't extensions allowed?  
 Every file that's uploaded needs to be processed, that's a video from every virtual talk, a video and/or PDF from every in-person poster, and a video and a PDF from every virtual poster. This takes a substantial amount of time on top of travelling to the venue (often internationally), setting up the venue, coordinating volunteers, opening the virtual platform, troubleshooting attendees who try to access said platform, printing delegate name tags, preparing opening slides, organizing awards, identifying dietary requirements, running pre-conference tutorials, processing recordings from completed tutorials, answering questions from delegates who are arriving at the venue, organizing all other ongoing ISCB conferences and affiliated events, and continuing day-to-day upkeep for the Society. These deadlines don't exist in a vacuum which is why they're broadcast as early and often as they are.  
 Abstracts  
   
 - top -   
 Proceedings  
   
 - top -   
 Registration  
   
 - top -   
 Student Council Symposium (SCS)  
   
 - top -   
 Tech Track  
   
 - top -   
 Tutorials  
   
 - top -   

 Support ISCB 
  A Global Community 
  Professional Development, Training and Education 
  ISCBintel and Achievements 
  Conferences 

 ISCB On the Web

