Skip to content   QUT     
 QUT - the university for the real world     
 Login 
  Contact QUT  Contact QUT 
    Search        Search     Menu     

 Study        
   
 Undergraduate        
 Study areas  
     
  Architecture and built environment 
  Business 
  Communication 
  Creative arts 
  Design 
  Engineering 
  English language and pathway programs 
  Health 
  Information technology and games 
  Justice 
  Languages 
  Law 
  Mathematics and data science 
  Science 
  Teaching 

 Explore  
     
  Mid-year entry 
  QUT College 
  New to QUT 
  Why choose QUT 
  Double degrees 
  Vertical degrees 
  Flexible study 
  Applying guide 
  Bridging programs 
  Fees, costs and scholarships 
  Relocating to Brisbane 
  Student life 
  Events 

 Postgraduate        
 Study areas  
     
  Architecture 
  Business 
  Communication 
  Design 
  Education 
  Engineering 
  Health 
  Information technology and games 
  Justice 
  Languages 
  Law 
  Mathematics and data science 
  Project management 
  Science 

 Research degrees  
     
  Doctor of Philosophy 
  Master of Philosophy 
  Professional doctorate 
    
 Explore  
     
  Why choose QUT 
  Fast track to postgraduate 
  Scholarships 
  Applying guide 
  Flexible study options 
  Student life 
  Events 

 Online study        
 Fully online degrees  
     
  Our collection of courses are taught entirely online, giving you the flexibility to study anywhere, anytime.  
 Our online undergraduate degrees 
  Our online postgraduate degrees 

 Online short courses  
     
  Browse by study area  
 Business 
  Creative industries 
  Digital capability 
  Education 
  Engineering 
  Health 
  Justice 
  Languages 
  Law 
  Leadership 
  Science 
  Transformation 

 Need help deciding?  
     
  Based on your professional level and experience, combined with your individual needs and motivations, there are several different study formats for you to choose from to help you achieve your career goals.  
 Learner’s Guide 

 International  
  students        
 Study areas  
     
  Architecture and built environment 
  Business 
  Communication 
  Creative arts 
  Design 
  Engineering 
  English language and pathway programs 
  Health 
  Information technology and games 
  Justice 
  Languages 
  Law 
  Mathematics and data science 
  Project management 
  Science 
  Teaching and education 

 Explore  
     
  Student life 
  Student support 
  QUT in your country 
  Why choose QUT 
  Living in Brisbane 
  Scholarships 
  QUT College 
  Applying guide 
  Study abroad and exchange 
  Events 
  Ask us a question 
  Agent resources 

 QUTeX - Professional and executive education        
 QUTeX - Professional and executive education  
     
  Bringing together knowledge from across the whole university to help you or your organisation get future fit, fast  .  
 More about QUTeX 
  Our blog 
  Contact us 

 For individuals  
     
  Improve your performance, advance your career or make a change with real world short courses.  
 Browse all courses 
  Take your development further with advanced learning and award pathways.  
 Pathways to Politics for Women 
  Public Sector Management 
  Enterprise Leadership 
  Innovation Arena 

 For organisations  
     
  Achieve exceptional business outcomes with co-designed executive education.  
 Tailored executive education 
  Corporate Bundles 

    Find a course       
 Match My Skills  Create a personalised guide to reaching your dream career by taking our Match My Skills quiz.  

 Research        
 Why QUT        
 Explore  
     
  Our research vision 
  Equity and diversity 
  Support for researchers 
  Meet our experts 
  Ethics and integrity 
  Research jobs at QUT 

 Our facilities  
     
  Bioinnovation Research Facility 
  Central Analytical Research Facility 
  Design and Fabrication Research Facility 
  Digital Observatory 
  eResearch 
  Medical Engineering Research Facility 
  Research Engineering Facility 
  Samford Ecological Research Facility 
  VISER 

 Allied facilities  
     
  Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing Hub 
  Herston Imaging Research Facility 
  Translational Cell Imaging Queensland 
  Translational Research Institute 

 Our research        
 Research by area  
     
  Architecture and built environment 
  Business and law 
  Creative industries, education and social justice 
  Engineering 
  Health 
  Science 
  Browse all our projects 
    
 Participate in research  
     
  Explore open research projects | Get involved with research projects that tackle real-world challenges. 

 Research strengths  
     
  We're invested in research identified as priorities for the world, the nation and the state.  
 Our strengths 
  Indigenous research 
  Sustainability 
  Research initiatives 
    
 Real Focus  
     
  See the stories behind QUT research. Read in-depth features and commentary about innovations that are shaping the world.  
 Read Real Focus 

 Study with us        
 Research degrees  
     
  Doctor of Philosophy | Make a significant contribution to new knowledge in your field. 
  Master of Philosophy | An ideal stepping-stone to a PhD. 
  Professional doctorate | Integrate a research degree into your professional goals. 

 Explore  
     
  Find a supervisor 
  Find a research topic 
  Scholarships (Australian and New Zealand students) 
  Scholarships (international students) 
  Tuition and study costs 
  Supporting your research journey 
  Applying guide 
  e-Grad School 

 Partner with us        
 Collaborate with us  
     
  Our experts | Search for a research supervisor, industry expert or collaborator. 
  Research jobs at QUT | Integrate a research degree into your professional goals. 
  Engage with our graduate researchers | Work with graduate researchers to help solve your real-world problems. 
  Research initiatives | Learn about QUT’s involvement in collaborative research initiatives. 

 Research partnerships  
     
  Plant genomics 
  Australian Centre for Health Law Research 
  Biorefineries for profit 
  CARRS-Q 
  PRIME Futures 

 Join a research study  Help our researchers develop solutions for real-world challenges by participating in research.  

 Engage        
 Industry and partnerships        
 Work with our students  
     
  Employment and mentorship | Find graduate and student talent to employ, or mentor our students. 
  Work placements | Partner with us to offer work experience opportunities to our students. 
  Sponsor scholarships and events | Make a difference to students and the university. 
    
 Engagement through sport  
     
  Queensland Rugby Union partnership | Learn more about our role as the Queensland Reds Education Partner. 
  Olympic and Paralympic Games 2032 | A once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to showcase SEQ's strengths to the world. 

 Industry and innovation  
     
  Research partnerships | Start a collaborative research partnership with our experts. 
  Expertise for industry | We can help with more than research. See how we can support your business. 
    
 Professional development  
     
  Customised executive education | Customised professional development solutions for your team. 
  Short courses and professional development | Study a short course for personal or professional development. 

 Giving        
 Give to QUT  
     
  Ways to give | Discover the different options to donate to QUT. 
  Get involved | Share your skills or time by participating in research studies, mentoring our students, giving a guest lecture or volunteering. 

 Contribute  
     
  Support students | Give the life-changing gift of education by contributing to a scholarship. 
  Support research | Help shape a better world by giving to a research project. 
  Support community | Elevate society by supporting community programs and cultivating Indigenous connections. 

 Alumni        
 Explore your alumni network  
     
  New graduates 
  Get involved 
  Grow your knowledge 
  Connect and engage at events 
  Industry-leading alumni 
  Indigenous Australian alumni 
    
 Additional resources  
     
  Alumni tools and FAQs 
  Discounts and offers 

 Connect  
     
  Alumni newsletter 

 Meet our outstanding alumni  See the diverse achievements and impact of alumni who are leaders in their professions and communities.  

 About QUT         
 Discover QUT        
 About us  
     
  Our university | Learn more about our history, campuses and facilities, leadership team, organisational structure, and governance and policies. 
  Faculties and schools | Explore our faculties and schools and the real-world learning experiences and research they are engaged in. 
  Strategy | Connections - the QUT Strategy 2023 to 2027  sets out our shared purpose for the future of the university: to provide transformative education, student experiences and research relevant to our community 
  Indigenous Australians | We're embedding Indigenous Australian cultures, knowledges and perspectives across everything we do. 
  Priorities | We are working to improve our society and environment through our commitment to equity, diversity, inclusion, creativity, sustainability and improving health and wellbeing. 
  Achievements and recognition | As one of Australia's leading universities, we are internationally recognised through rankings, and we are committed to celebrating staff and student successes. 
  Working at QUT | Find job opportunities and learn more about working at QUT. 

 Campuses and  
  venues        
 Gardens Point campus  
     
  Maps and getting here 
  Around campus 
  Libraries and learning spaces 
  Gym and sports facilities 
  Food and retail 
    
 Kelvin Grove campus  
     
  Maps and getting here 
  Around campus 
  Libraries and learning spaces 
  Gym and sports facilities 
  Food and retail 
  COVID-19 latest advice 

 Public venues  
     
  QUT Art Museum 
  William Robinson Gallery 
  Science and Engineering Centre 
  The Cube 
  Old Government House 
  Gardens Theatre 
  Education Precinct 
  Creative Industries Precinct 
    
 Campus experiences  
     
  Virtual tours 
  Science in 360° 
  Virtual reality projects 

 News and events        
 News by subject  
     
  All QUT news 
  Business 
  Creative industries 
  Education 
  Engineering 
  Health 
  Law 
  Science 
  Justice 
  Real Focus 
  Alumni 
  COVID-19 latest advice 

 Events by subject  
     
  All QUT events 
  Alumni 
  Business 
  International 
    
 Our specialists  
     
  Staff profiles 
    
 Media team contact  
     
  Email: | media@qut.edu.au 
  Phone: | + 61 7 3138 2361 

 Register for a campus tour  Join a current QUT student for a guided tour of our campuses and community spaces at Gardens Point and Kelvin Grove.  

 QUT Online     
 Match My Skills  Find your future with QUT's Match My Skills quiz. Create a personalised guide to reaching your dream career. It takes just 10 minutes.  

   Search       

 Personalise your journey     

 28th Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy (ACISP 2023)   
   
 ACISP 2023 is hosted by Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia on 5-7 July.  

 Home 
  About 
  Faculty of Science 
  School of Computer Science 
  28th Australasian Conference on Information Security and Privacy (ACISP 2023) 

 When and where  

 Dates  
  
 Conference  5-7 July 2023  Paper submission  13 February 2023  Notification of acceptance  15 April 2023  Camera-ready copy  29 April 2023   

 Location  
  
 QUT Gardens Point  Brisbane, Queensland, Australia   
 Maps and getting here   
 Program overview   
 EasyChair CFP webpage   
 Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS, volume 13915)   

 Call for papers  
   
 ACISP 2023 seeks original papers presenting novel research results on all aspects of information security and privacy.  
 We welcome papers presenting theories, techniques, implementations, applications and practical experiences on a variety of topics. Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  

 Access control 
  Authentication 
  Blockchain technology 
  Cloud security 
  Cryptocurrency 
  Cryptology 
  Cyber-physical systems security 
    
 Database security 
  Digital forensics 
  IoT security 
  Key management 
  Lightweight security 
  Network security 
  Privacy enhancing technologies 
    
 Privacy issues in applications 
  Security implementation 
  Security policy 
  Security protocols 
  Software security 
  System security 

 Instructions for authors    
   
 All ACISP 2023 submissions must be:  
 original, unpublished, and not submitted to any other conference or journal for consideration of publication, 
  fully anonymous with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgements, or obvious references, 
  written in English, 
  at most 20 pages in length, including bibliography, and 
  sufficiently intelligible and self-contained without appendices, so that PC members can make decisions on relevance to ACISP, originality, significance, technical quality and clarity without being required to read the appendices. 
  ACISP 2023 proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag as a volume of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Accepted papers will be limited to 20 pages in LNCS format. Authors should consult Springer's Instructions for Authors (accessible at Information for Authors page) and use either the LaTeX or the Word templates provided on the authors' page for the preparation of their papers (with no changes to the style). Please note that submissions must be anonymous for the review stage. Author details will be requested for accepted papers.  
 Submissions not meeting the submission guidelines risk rejection regardless of their merits.  
 Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that at least one of the authors will register and attend the conference to present their paper.  

 Dates  
 Conference  5-7 July 2023  Paper submission  13 February 2023  Notification of acceptance  15 April 2023  Camera-ready copy  29 April 2023    

 Conference venue  
   
 ACISP 2023 will be hosted by Queensland University of Technology.  
 The conference will be held in the Owen J Wordsworth Room at our Gardens Point campus in Brisbane.  
 Maps and getting here   
 About QUT   

 Conference organisation  
   
 General Chair  
 Josef Pieprzyk, CSIRO/Data61  
 Program Chairs and Publication Chairs  
 Leonie Simpson, Queensland University of Technology  
 Mir Ali Rezazadeh Baee, Queensland University of Technology  

 Program Committee Members    
   
 Cristina Alcaraz, University of Malaga, Spain 
  Elena Andreeva, Technische Universität Wien, Austria 
  Man Ho Au, University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong 
  Shi Bai, Florida Atlantic University, US 
  Harry Bartlett, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Lejla Batina, Radboud University, Netherlands 
  Rishiraj Bhattacharyya, University of Birmingham, UK 
  Colin Boyd, Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Norway 
  Rongmao Chen, National University of Defense Technology, China 
  Chitchanok Chuengsatiansup, University of Adelaide, Australia 
  Amy Corman, RMIT University, Australia 
  Craig Costello, Microsoft Research, US 
  Hui Cui, Murdoch University, Australia 
  Edward Dawson, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Josep Domingo-Ferrer, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Spain 
  Rafael Dowsley, Monash University, Australia 
  Keita Emura, National Institute of Information and Communications Technology, Japan 
  Ernest Foo, Griffith University, Australia 
  Debin Gao, Singapore Management University, Singapore 
  Joanne Hall, RMIT University, Australia 
  Jinguang Han, Southeast University, China 
  Jingnan He, Institute of Information Engineering of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China 
    
 Swee-Huay Heng, Multimedia University, Malaysia 
  Xiaolu Hou, Slovak University of Technology, Slovakia 
  Qiong Huang, South China Agricultural University, China 
  Malika Izabachène, Cosmian, France 
  Zahra Jadidi, Griffith University, Australia 
  Angelos Keromytis, Georgia Institute of Technology, US 
  Dan Kim, University of Queensland, Australia 
  Veronika Kuchta, Florida Atlantic University, US 
  Fabien Laguillaumie, LIRMM, Université of Montpellier, France 
  Hyung Tae Lee, Chung-Ang University, South Korea 
  Yannan Li, University of Wollongong, Australia 
  Yingjiu Li, University of Oregon, US 
  Shengli Liu, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China 
  Yuhong Liu, Santa Clara University, US 
  Rongxing Lu, University of New Brunswick, Canada 
  Xianhui Lu, Institute of Information Engineering, CAS, China 
  Siqi Ma, University of New South Wales, Australia 
  Mitsuru Matsui, Mitsubishi Electric, Japan 
  Matthew McKague, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Weizhi Meng, Technical University of Denmark, Denmark 
  Chris Mitchell, Royal Holloway University of London, UK 
  Kirill Morozov, University of North Texas, US 
    
 Khoa Nguyen, University of Wollongong, Australia 
  Lei Pan, Deakin University, Australia 
  Dimitrios Papadopoulos, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong 
  Udaya Parampalli, University of Melbourne, Australia 
  Josef Pieprzyk, CSIRO/Data61, Australia 
  Indrakshi Ray, Colorado State University, US 
  Adeline Roux-Langlois, CNRS, IRISA, France 
  Reihaneh Safavi-Naini, University of Calgary, Canada 
  Amin Sakzad, Monash University, Australia 
  Pierangela Samarati, Università degli Studi di Milano, Italy 
  Luisa Siniscalchi, Technical University of Denmark, Denmark 
  Daniel Slamanig, Austrian Institute of Technology, Austria 
  Jill Slay, University of South Australia, Australia 
  Willy Susilo, University of Wollongong, Australia 
  Vanessa Teague, Australian National University, Australia 
  Ding Wang, Nankai University, China 
  Huaxiong Wang, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
  Guomin Yang, Singapore Management University, Singapore 
  Yuval Yarom, University of Adelaide, Australia 
  Xun Yi, RMIT University, Australia 
  Quan Yuan, University of Tokyo, Japan 
  Tsz Hon Yuen, University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong 

  Contact us  
   
 Send email    
 +61 7 3138 0434    

 Study  Research  Engage  About QUT    
 Undergraduate study 
  Postgraduate study 
  PhDs and research degrees 
  Professional and executive education 
    
 International students 
  Study abroad and exchange 
  QUT College 
  Graduate success 
    
 Applying 
  Fees 
  Scholarships 
  Key dates 
    
 Whatever you want to study, our range of courses will give you the hands-on learning, industry connections and real-world perspective you’ll need to succeed.   
 Explore study at QUT    
   
 Why QUT? 
  Our research 
  Our experts 
  World-class facilities 
    
 Study with us 
  How to apply 
  Master of philosophy 
  PhD 
  Professional doctorate 
    
 Partner with us 
  Research jobs 
    
 Join us at the forefront of research and development. Access cutting-edge facilities and technology, work with world-renowned experts, and create real-world change.   
 Explore research at QUT    
   
 Industry and partnerships 
  Work with our students 
  Expertise for industry 
  Executive education 
    
 Give to QUT 
  Make a real impact 
  Ways to give 
    
 Alumni 
  Alumni benefits 
  Update alumni details 
  Alumni tools and resources 
    
 Connect with us and see how we can support you. We invite industry partners, alumni and our valued donors to join the vibrant, exciting QUT community.   
 Explore ways to engage with QUT    
   
 Our university 
  Our people 
  Achievements and recognition 
  Campuses and venues 
    
 News 
  Events 
  Jobs 
  Library 
    
 Learn what makes Queensland University of Technology (QUT) the university for the real world. Read about our goals for future growth, achievements and success, and the organisational structures that support us.   
 Explore QUT    

 QUT acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands where QUT now stands.    

 Login 
  Legal 
  Privacy 
    
  QUT on Facebook 
  QUT on Instagram 
  The QUTube 
  QUT on LinkedIn 
  QUT on TikTok 
  Our social media    
 Contact QUT    

 TEQSA | Provider ID: | PRV12079 | (Australian University) 
  CRICOS | No. | 00213J 
  ABN: | 83 791 724 622 
  Page updated: 19 January 2024