ACML 2022    
 Home 
  Calls | Papers | Important Dates 
  Submission Instructions 
  Tutorials 
  Workshop 
  Distinguished Contribution Award 
  OAMLS | Online Asian Machine Learning School 
  Call for Applications 
  OAMLS Schedule 
  Program | Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Student Scholarship and Mentorship 
  Invited Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Conference Schedule 
  Attend | Registration 
  Visas 
  Accommodation 
  Explore Hyderabad 
  Sponsorship 
  Organization | ACML 2022 Committees 
  Steering Committees 

 Home 
  Call for Papers 

 Call for Papers  
  
  The 14th Asian Conference on Machine Learning (ACML 2022) will take place between December 12-14, 2022 at Hyderabad, India. The conference aims to provide a leading international forum for researchers in machine learning and related fields to share their new ideas, progress and achievements. While the main conference paper presentations will remain virtual to encourage widespread participation in current times, the conference will also have physical components to allow in-person interaction for those who can attend.  
   
  The conference calls for high-quality, original research papers in the theory and practice of machine learning. The conference also solicits proposals focusing on frontier research, new ideas and paradigms in machine learning. We encourage submissions from all parts of the world, not only confined to the Asia-Pacific region.  
   
  The conference runs two publication tracks, authors may submit either to: Conference track | (16-page limit with references), for which the proceedings will be published as a volume of Proceedings of Machine Learning Research Workshop and Conference Proceedings (PMLR). 
  Journal track | (20-page limit with references) for which accepted papers will appear in a special issue of the Springer Machine Learning Journal(MLJ). 

  Important Dates  
  
  Kindly note that all deadlines would be at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth)  .  
   
  (subject to minor changes in case there are conflicts with timelines of other major ML conferences)  

 Conference Track |  
 23 Jun 2022 | Submission deadline 
 11 Aug 2022 | Reviews released to authors 
 18 Aug 2022 | Author rebuttal deadline 
 8 Sep 2022  15 Sep 2022 | Acceptance notification 
 29 Sep 2022  6 October 2022 | Camera-ready submission deadline 
 Journal Track |  
 26 May 2022 | Submission deadline 
 07 Jul 2022 | 1st round review results (accept, minor revision, or reject) 
 11 Aug 2022 | Revised manuscript submission deadline (for minor revision papers) 
 08 Sep 2022 | Acceptance notification 
 29 Sep 2022 | Camera-ready submission deadline 

  Topics  
  
  Topics of interest include but are not limited to: General machine learning 
  Active learning 
  Dimensionality reduction 
  Feature selection 
  Graphical models 
  Imitation Learning 
  Latent variable models 
  Learning for big data 
  Learning from noisy supervision 
  Learning in graphs 
  Multi-objective learning 
  Multiple instance learning 
  Multi-task learning 
  Online learning 
  Optimization 
  Reinforcement learning 
  Relational learning 
  Semi-supervised learning 
  Sparse learning 
  Structured output learning 
  Supervised learning 
  Transfer learning 
  Unsupervised learning 
  Other machine learning methodologies 
  Deep learning 
  Attention mechanism and transformers 
  Deep learning theory 
  Generative models 
  Deep reinforcement learning 
  Architectures 
  Other topics in deep learning 
  Probabilistic Methods 
  Bayesian machine learning 
  Graphical models 
  Variational inference 
  Gaussian processes 
  Monte Carlo methods 
  Theory 
  Computational learning theory 
  Optimization (convex, non-convex) 
  Bandits 
  Game theory 
  Matrix/Tensor methods 
  Statistical learning theory 
  Other theories 
  Datasets and Reproducibility 
  ML datasets and benchmarks 
  Implementations, libraries 
  Other topics in reproducible ML research 
  Trustworthy Machine Learning 
  Accountability/Explainability/Transparency 
  Causality 
  Fairness 
  Privacy 
  Robustness 
  Other topics in trustworthy ML 
  Applications 
  Bioinformatics 
  Biomedical informatics 
  Collaborative filtering 
  Computer vision 
  COVID-19 related research 
  Healthcare 
  Human activity recognition 
  Information retrieval 
  Natural language processing 
  Social networks 
  Web search 
  Climate science 
  Social good 
  Other applications 

  Submission Instructions  
  
  Similar to previous years, ACML 2022 has two publication tracks  . Authors may submit either to the:  
   
  Conference track | (16-page limit with references), for which the proceedings will be published as a volume of Proceedings of Machine Learning Research Workshop and Conference Proceedings (PMLR). 
  Journal track | (20-page limit with references) for which accepted papers will appear in a special issue of the Springer Machine Learning Journal(MLJ). 
  Please note that submission procedures for the two tracks are different. Please read the instructions carefully before submitting.    
   
  Conference Track  
  
  Submission Deadline: June 23, 2022   
   
  For the conference track, please submit your manuscript via CMT at: https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ACML2022  . CMT will open one month before the deadline, i.e. on 23 May, 2022, for the conference track.  
   
  IMPORTANT:  When creating a new submission on CMT, please ensure you choose 'Conference' track.  
   
  The Latex camera-ready template and style file can be found here: ACML2022-camera_ready-template.zip.   
   
  Manuscripts must be written in English, be a maximum of 16 pages (including references, appendices etc.) and follow the PMLR style. If required, supplementary material may be submitted as a separate file, but reviewers are not obliged to consider this.  
   
  All conference track submissions must be anonymized  . Submissions that are not anonymized, over-length, or not in the correct format will be rejected without review. (Updated on Jun 20, 2022: To anonymize, simply leave the author information empty in the Tex template. There is no separate format for anonymizing).  It is not appropriate to submit papers that are substantially similar to versions that have been previously published, or accepted for publication, or that have been submitted in parallel to other conferences or journals. However, submission is permitted for papers presented or to be presented at conferences or workshops without proceedings, or with only abstracts published. Also, submission is permitted for papers that are available as a technical report (e.g. in arXiv) as long as it is not cited in the submission.  
   
  After the acceptance notification, we plan to invite some of the selected authors to submit their extended papers to the Topical Issue in Springer Nature Computer Science  .  
   
  Journal Track  
  
  Submission Deadline: May 26, 2022   
   
  In addition to the Conference Track, this year’s ACML will run a Journal Track, similar to previous years. Papers that are accepted to the journal track must be presented at the conference in order to be published.  
   
  IMPORTANT:  Similar to previous years, for the Journal Track, the abstract and the paper must be submitted to two different systems simultaneously  for the purpose of review management:  
   
  First, please submit ONLY the title and abstract via CMT at: | https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ACML2022. | (paper manuscript need not be submitted here). When creating the submission on CMT, please choose the “Journal” track. 
  Then, please submit the paper via Springer’s Editorial Manager system at: | https://www.editorialmanager.com/mach. | When creating a new submission on Springer’s Editorial Manager, please make sure to choose 'S.I. : ACML 2022' as the article type. 
  For the Journal Track, manuscripts must be written in English with a maximum of 20 pages (including references, appendices etc). For the template and style files, please follow the instructions for authors on the journal website: https://www.springer.com/computer/ai/journal/10994   
   
  The journal track will follow the reviewing process of the Machine Learning journal. This includes allowing papers that require minor changes to be resubmitted after a first-round review. The Journal Track committee will aim to complete the reviewing process in time for this year’s conference. In the unlikely event that the reviewing process for a paper is not completed in time (for this year’s conference), the paper will not be considered for the conference and the review will be completed as a regular submission to the Machine Learning journal.  
   
  The Journal track review is single-blind, i.e., the authors’ identity will be visible to reviewers. It is not appropriate to submit papers that are substantially similar to versions that have been previously published, or accepted for publication, or that have been submitted in parallel to other conferences or journals. Submissions that are not in the correct format will be rejected without review. In addition, extended versions of published conference papers are not eligible for journal track submission. However, submission is permitted for papers presented or to be presented at conferences or workshops without proceedings, or with only abstracts published. Also, submission is permitted for papers that are available as a technical report (e.g. in arXiv).   

 Template from BootstrapMade  .   

    