Twitter 
  Instagram 

 Email Us 
  Ottawa, Canada 

   Home | About 
  Authors Info | Author’s Advocate 
  Dates 
  Call for Technical Demos and Videos Program 
  Grand Challenges 
  Call for Open-Source 
  Call for Doctorial Symposium 
  Call for Brave New Ideas 
  Call for Tutorial Proposals 
  Call for Panel Proposals 
  Workshops 
  Submission Instructions 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Papers 
  Attend | Venue & Accomodation 
  Ottawa 
  Travel Info 
  Visa Support Letter Requests 
  STUDENT TRAVEL GRANTS 
  Organizing Committee | Organizing Committee 
  Reviewer and Area Chair Guidelines 
  ACM Multimedia Policies 
  Program | Keynote Speakers 
  Main Program 
  BNI Program 
  Grand Challenges Program 
  Open Source Program 
  Workshops 
  Sponsors | Sponsors 
  Call for Sponsors 
  Printing Service 
   Registration 

 Call for Papers  
  
 ACM Multimedia 2023 calls for research papers presenting novel theoretical and algorithmic solutions addressing problems across the domain of multimedia and related applications. The conference also calls for papers presenting novel, thought-provoking ideas and promising (preliminary) results in realizing these ideas.  
 The conference invites research papers of varying length from 6 to 8  pages, plus additional pages for the reference pages; i.e., the reference page(s) are not counted towards the page limit of 6 to 8 pages. Please note that there is no longer a distinction between long and short papers, but the authors may themselves decide on the appropriate length of the paper. All papers will undergo the same review process and review period.  
 Submit your paper to Open Review: ACMMM 2023 Conference | OpenReview  ( https://openreview.net/group?id=acmmm.org/ACMMM/2023/Conference  )  
 Questions: Please send your inquiries to: acmmm2023pc@gmail.com   
 Important Dates  
 Please note: The submission deadline is at 11:59 p.m. of the stated deadline date Anywhere on Earth  .  
 Paper abstract deadline (firm deadline, no extension): | 23 April 2023 
  Paper submission deadline: | 30 April 2023 | ; | May 4, 2023 | (due to holidays in some countries) | Deadline for the | supplementary | materials is | one week after that of the submissions | (May 11, 2023) 
  Regular Paper Reviews To Author: 30 June 2023 
  Regular Paper Rebuttal Deadline: 5 July 2023 
  Notification: 20 July 2023 
  Camera-ready Submission: 31 July 2023 
  Conference dates: October 28, 2023 – November 3, 2023 
  The conference invites papers in four major themes of multimedia: Engagement, Experience, Systems and Understanding.  
 Theme: Engaging users with multimedia  
 The engagement of multimedia with society as a whole requires research that addresses how multimedia can be used to connect people with multimedia artifacts that meet their needs in a variety of contexts. The topic areas included under this theme include:  
 Emotional and Social Signals   
 This area focuses on the analysis of emotional, cognitive (e.g., brain-based) and interactive social behavior in the spectrum of individual to small group settings. It calls for novel contributions with a strong human-centered focus specializing in supporting or developing automated techniques for analyzing, processing, interpreting, synthesizing, or exploiting human social, affective and cognitive signals for multimedia applications.)  
 Multimedia Search and Recommendation   
 To engage user in information access, search and recommendation requires not only understanding of data but also user and context. This area calls for novel solutions for user-centric multimedia search and recommendations, in either automatic or interactive mode, with topics ranging from optimization, user intent prediction, to personalized, collaborative or exploratory algorithms. (Note: Topics focusing primarily on indexing and scalability should be submitted to “Multimedia systems: Data Systems indexing and management”)  
 Summarization, Analytics, and Storytelling   
 The information underlying multimedia is by nature multi-perspective. Allowing efficient multi-perspective and context-adaptive information access remains an open problem. This area calls for new and novel solutions that can compose, link, edit and summarize multimedia data into a compact but insightful, enjoyable and multi-perspective presentation to facilitate tasks such as multimedia analytics, decision making, searching and browsing.  
 Theme: Experience  
 One of the core tenants of our research community is that multimedia data contributes to the user experience in a rich and meaningful fashion. The topics organized under this theme are concerned with innovative uses of multimedia to enhance the user experience, how this experience is manifested in specific domains, and metrics for qualitatively and quantitatively measuring that experience in useful and meaningful ways. Specific topics addressed this year include:  
 Interactions and Quality of Experience   
 Papers under this topic should address human-centered issues. Topics include (i) novel interaction techniques and modalities for accessing, authoring, and consuming multimedia data, (ii) design and implementation of novel interactive media (iii) new methodologies, models, and metrics to understand and/or measure multimedia quality of experience.  
 Social-good, fairness and transparency   
 This area seeks works that explicitly aim at benefitting society by addressing challenges such as those related to environment, privacy, education and health. Also works that improve the fairness and transparency of multimedia systems and applications are of interest for this area.  
 Metaverse, Art and Culture   
 Papers under this topic area should develop techniques that enable effective engagement of the public with art and other forms of cultural expression, balancing between sophisticated computational/engineering techniques and artistic / cultural purposes. Topics include (i) digital artworks, including hybrid physical digital installations; dynamic, generative, and interactive multimedia artworks; (ii) computational tools to support creativity, cultural preservation, and curation.  
 Multimedia Applications   
 Papers under this topic area should push the envelope of how multimedia can be used to improve the user experience in a rich and meaningful manner. We solicit papers that design, implement, and evaluate applications that employ multimedia data in surprising new ways or in application scenarios that user experience remains challenging based on today’s start-of-the-art, such as immersive telepresence, and distance education.  
 Theme: Multimedia systems  
 Research in multimedia systems is generally concerned with understanding fundamental trade-offs between competing resource requirements, developing practical techniques and heuristics for realizing complex optimization and allocation strategies, and demonstrating innovative mechanisms and frameworks for building large-scale multimedia applications. Within this theme, we have focussed on three target topic areas:  
 Systems and Middleware   
 This area seeks novel contributions that address performance issues in one of the systems components. Topics include operating systems, mobile systems, storage systems, distributed systems, programming systems and abstractions, and embedded systems. Papers must establish performance improvement or non-trivial tradeoffs through integration of multiple systems components or enhancing one of the system components.  
 Transport and Delivery   
 Papers under this topic area should address improvement to multimedia transport and delivery mechanisms over a computer network. Topics include network protocol enhancement, and supporting multimedia data with network mechanisms such as SDN and NFV, and in-network content placement.  
 Data Systems Management and Indexing   
 Papers under this topic should address performance issues related to data management and indexing to support multimedia access at a large scale, including browsing, searching, recommendation, analysis, processing, and mining. Topics include scalable systems and indexing techniques that support multimedia access and analytics.  
 Theme: Understanding multimedia content  
 Multimedia data types by their very nature are complex and often involve intertwined instances of different kinds of information. We can leverage this multi-modal perspective in order to understand the meaning of the world, often with surprising results through computational representations. Specific topics addressed this year include:  
 Multimodal Fusion and Embedding   
 In the real world, some problems are addressable only through a combination of multiple medium and/or modalities. This topic seeks new insights and solutions of how multi-perspective media information should be embedded and fused for novel problems as well as innovative applications.  
 Vision and Language   
 Recent research has driven the merging of vision and language in different ways, such as captioning, question-answering, and multi-modal chatbots. This area seeks new solutions and results that are specific to the problems of combining or bridging vision and language.  
 Media Interpretation   
 This area seeks novel processing of media-related information in any form that can lead to new ways of interpreting multimedia content. Examples include processing of image, video, audio, music, language, speech, or other sensory modalities, for interpretation, knowledge discovery, and understanding.  

 Copyright ©2023 ACM MM 2023