  
   
     AiML 2024    
 Home 
  Important dates 
  Invited speakers 
  Committees 
  Local information 
  Programme 
  Accepted Papers 
  Social Events 
  Sponsors 

 19–23 August 2024 in Prague, The Czech Republic  
 Advances in Modal Logic 2024  

 About AiML 2024  
 Advances in Modal Logic is an initiative aimed at presenting the state of the art in modal logic and its various applications. The initiative consists of a conference series together with volumes based on the conferences. Information about the AiML series can be obtained at http://www.aiml.net  .  
 AiML 2024 is organized by the Institute of Computer Science of the Czech Academy of Sciences  , the Institute of Philosophy of the Czech Academy of Sciences  and the Faculty of Arts of Charles University  .  
 AiML 2024 is collocated with the 21st International Conference on Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science ( RAMiCS 2024  ).  
 The full call for papers can be found here  .  
   
 Important dates  
 Abstracts of full papers submission: | 8 March | 15 March 
  Full papers submission: | 15 March | 29 March 
  Full papers notification: 20 May 
  Short presentations submission: 30 May 
  Short presentations notification: 14 June 
  Final versions of full papers and short presentations: 21 June 
  Early registration deadline: 26 June 
  Registration deadline: 23 July 
  Conference: | 19–23 August 2024 

  Invited Speakers  

 Alexandru Baltag  
  University of Amsterdam  

 Marta Bílková  
  Czech Academy of Sciences  

 David Fernández-Duque  
  University of Barcelona  

 Claudia Nalon  
  University of Brasília  

 Program Committee  
 Philippe Balbiani (Institut de Recherche en Informatique de Toulouse) 
  Lev Beklemishev (Steklov Institute of Mathematics) 
  Nick Bezhanishvili (University of Amsterdam) 
  Agata Ciabattoni (TU Wien) | (chair) 
  Willem Conradie (University of the Witwatersrand) 
  Tommaso Flaminio (IIIA–CSIC) 
  David Gabelaia (TSU Razmadze Mathematical Institute) | (chair) 
  Silvio Ghilardi (University of Milan) 
  Nina Gierasimczuk (Technical University of Denmark) 
  Valentin Goranko (Stockholm University) 
  Rajeev Gore 
  Wesley Holliday (University of California, Berkeley) 
  John Horty (University of Maryland) 
  Emil Jeřábek (Institute of Mathematics, Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Clemens Kupke (University of Strathclyde) 
  Agi Kurucz (King's College London) 
  Roman Kuznets (TU Wien) 
  Emiliano Lorini (Institut de Recherche en Informatique de Toulouse) 
  Tim Lyon (Technische Universität Dresden) 
  Tommaso Moraschini (University of Barcelona) 
  Larry Moss (Indiana University Bloomington) 
  Sara Negri (University of Genova) 
  Nicola Olivetti (Aix-Marseille Université) 
  Alessandra Palmigiano (VU Amsterdam) 
  Xavier Parent (TU Wien) 
  Elaine Pimentel (UCL) 
  Vít Punčochář (Institute of Philosophy, Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Revantha Ramanayake (University of Groningen) 
  Renate A. Schmidt (The University of Manchester) 
  Igor Sedlár (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Ilya Shapirovsky (New Mexico State University) 
  Viorica Sofronie-Stokkermans (University of Koblenz) 
  Balder Ten Cate (ILLC, University of Amsterdam) 
  Hans van Ditmarsch (University of Toulouse, CNRS, IRIT) 
  Yde Venema (University of Amsterdam) 
  Rineke Verbrugge (University of Groningen) 
  Heinrich Wansing (Ruhr University Bochum) 
  Frank Wolter (University of Liverpool) 
    
 Organizing Committee  
 Olga Bažantová (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Marta Bílková (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Petr Cintula (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Wesley Fussner (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Zuzana Haniková (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Raheleh Jalali (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Filip Jankovec (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Vojtěch Kolman (Charles University) 
  Zuzana Kubešová (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Chun-Yu Lin (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Ondrej Majer (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Vít Punčochář (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Igor Sedlár (Czech Academy of Sciences) | (chair) 
  Hana Stříhavková (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Steering Committee  
 (2024–2026) Guram Bezhanishvili (New Mexico State University) 
  Agata Ciabattoni (TU Wien) 
  Giovanna D'Agostino (University of Udine) 
  David Fernández-Duque (University of Barcelona) 
  David Gabelaia (TSU Razmadze Mathematical Institute) 
  Nicola Olivetti (Aix-Marseille Université) 
  Alessandra Palmigiano (VU Amsterdam) 
  Igor Sedlár (Czech Academy of Sciences) 
  Rineke Verbrugge (University of Groningen) 

  Venue  
 Faculty of Arts, Charles University. 116 38, Prague 1, The Czech Republic.  
   
 All AiML talks and all invited talks of AiML and RAMiCS take place in room 200 (2nd floor). All contributed RAMiCS talks take place in room 300 (3rd floor).  
 On-site registration  starts on Monday 19 August at 08:00. The registration desk is located outside room 200 (2nd floor).  
   
 Local information  
 Note:  Book your accommodation as soon as possible as August is high season in Prague.  
 Transportation  
 The venue is located a few metres from the Staroměstská  metro station ( exit E1  ). Information on public transport in Prague, including a connection finder, can be found here  , a metro map can be found here  , and a combined metro-tram map can be found here  .  
 Restaurants and cafés  
 Lunch is not provided on site, but the conference venue is surrounded by restaurants and cafés. We have collected some suggestions here  .  
 Visitor information  
 These web pages  gather information that visitors to Prague may find useful.  
 Safety and Inclusivity  
 The AiML+RAMiCS Safety and Inclusivity Team serves as the main point of contact at the conferences for any issues related to safety, harassment and threatening behaviour. If you have any questions or concerns about these or related issues, we encourage you to speak to a member of the Safety and Inclusivity Team, who can be identified by a blue sticker on their conference badge. The team members are Marta Bílková, Wesley Fussner and Filip Jankovec.  
 Local OC contact  
 The local organisation team can be contacted at aiml-ramics@cs.cas.cz  .  

 Programme  
 The AiML+RAMiCS 2024 joint programme can be downloaded as a PDF here  and viewed in the box below as well. An interactive online version of the joint programme of AiML+RAMiCS is available at  
 https://easychair.org/smart-program/AiML2024/   

 Accepted Papers  
 Marta Bílková, Hans van Ditmarsch, Roman Kuznets and Rojo Randrianomentsoa: | Bisimulation for Impure Simplicial Complexes 
  Yuanzhe Yang: | A First-order Modal Logic of Strict Implication on Varying-Domain Models 
  Damian Fornasiere, Johannes Marti and Giovanni Varricchione: | Frame Definability in Conditional Logic 
  Wesley Holliday: | Modal Logic, Fundamentally 
  Philippe Balbiani and Hans van Ditmarsch: | Towards Dynamic Distributed Knowledge 
  Agi Kurucz, Frank Wolter and Michael Zakharyaschev: | The Interpolant Existence Problem for Weak K4 and Difference Logic 
  Mikhail Rybakov, Dmitry Shkatov and Dmitrij Skvortsov: | On The System of Positive Slices in the Structure of Superintuitionistic Predicate Logics 
  Line van den Berg, Manuela Busaniche, Miguel Marcos and George Metcalfe: | Towards an Algebraic Theory of KD45-like Logics 
  Daniel Gaina: | Birkhoff Style Proof Systems for Hybrid-Dynamic Quantum Logic 
  Rustam Galimullin and Louwe B. Kuijer: | Varieties of Distributed Knowledge 
  Borja Sierra Miranda, Thomas Studer and Lukas Zenger: | Coalgebraic Proof Translations of Non-Wellfounded Proofs 
  Juan Pablo Aguilera and Grigorii Stepanov: | Strong Kripke Completeness of the Closed Fragment of GLP 
  Rodrigo Nicolau Almeida and Silvio Ghilardi: | Unification With Simple Variable Restrictions and Admissibility of Pi2-Rules 
  Rodrigo Nicolau Almeida and Nick Bezhanishvili: | Coalgebraic Semantics for Intuitionistic Modal Logic 
  Alexandru Baltag and Sonja Smets: | Logics for Data Exchange and Communication 
  Yifeng Ding and Yipu Li: | Some General Completeness Results for Propositionally Quantified Modal Logics 
  Vít Punčochář and Ivo Pezlar: | Informative Presupposition in Inquisitive Logic 
  Jesse Comer: | Lovász Theorems for Modal Languages 
  Yiwen Ding, Krishna Manoorkar, Mattia Panettiere and Ruoding Wang: | Toward the van Benthem Characterization Theorem for Non-Distributive Modal Logic 
  Thomas Bolander and Alessandro Burigana: | Better Bounded Bisimulation Contractions 
  Sofía Santiago-Fernández, Joost Johannes Joosten and David Fernández: | A Tree Rewriting System for the Reflection Calculus 
  Xinghan Liu and Emiliano Lorini: | The Complexity of Reasoning About Classifiers 
  Nick Bezhanishvili, David Fernandez Duque and Reihane Zoghifard: | The Goldblatt-Thomason Theorem for Derivative Spaces 
  Ahmee Christensen: | Logics of Knowability 
  Valentin Müller: | Natural Deduction, Normalization and Subformula Property for Kreisel-Putnam Logic 
  Dmitry Rozplokhas: | LEGO-like Small-Model Constructions for Åqvist’s Logics 
  Yanjing Wang and Junhua Yu: | Point-Set Neighborhood Logic 
  Guillaume Massas: | Goldblatt-Thomason Theorems for Fundamental (Modal) Logic 
  Xuefeng Wen: | A Modal Logic for Reasoning in Contexts 
  Laura Bussi, Nick Bezhanishvili, Vincenzo Ciancia, David Fernandez Duque and David Gabelaia: | Logics of Polyhedral Reachability 
  Wolfgang Poiger: | Positive Modal Logic Over Finite MV-Chains 
  Lide Grotenhuis, Lukas Zenger, Bahareh Afshari and Graham Leigh: | Intuitionistic Master Modality 
  Mojtaba Mojtahedi and Konstantinos Papafilippou: | Projectivity Meets Uniform Post-Interpolant: Classical and Intuitionistic Logic 
  Vitor Greati and Revantha Ramanayake: | Deducibility in the Full Lambek Calculus With Weakening is HAck-Complete 
  Melissa Antonelli and Jan von Plato: | On the Proof Theory of Apodictic Syllogistic 
  Accepted short presentations  
 Jan von Plato: | The Exact Correspondence Between Intuitionistic and Modal Logic 
  Christian Cachin, David Lehnherr and Thomas Studer: | Simplicial Belief 
  Wen Tang and Yanjing Wang: | Substitution as Modality 
  Merium Hazem Anwar Labib Bishara, Mikheil Rukhaia, Lia Kurtanidze and Lali Tibua: | First-Order Probabilistic Logic With Sequence Variables and Unranked Symbols 
  Daniel Gonzalez: | Modal Models in the Premodal Language 
  Aleksandr Gagarin: | Products of Horn Modal Logics 
  Huimin Dong, Joris Hulstijn and Réka Markovich: | Epistemic Positions: Towards a Formal Theory of Epistemic Injustice 
  Valentin Shehtman and Dmitry Shkatov: | Fusions of Canonical Predicate Modal Logics Are Canonical 
  Joshua Yarrow and Sara L. Uckelman: | An Aretaic Approach to Deontic Logic 
  Alexander Kurz and Apostolos Tzimoulis: | Canonical Extensions of Fuzzy Algebras 
  Sonia Marin and Paaras Padhiar: | Nested Proof Theory for Quasi-Transitive Modal Logics 
  Volume of short papers  
 The volume of short papers is available here  .  

 Social events  
   
 Welcome party  
   
 The AiML+RAMiCS 2024 Welcome Party will take place on Monday 19 August  at 19:00  at the Institute of Philosophy of the Czech Academy of Sciences  , Jilská 352/1, Prague 1  . The party will take place on the ground floor, in the courtyard of the Institute, which can be reached by turning right immediately after passing the reception desk.  
 The Institute of Philosophy is a 10-minute walk  from the conference venue. The nearest metro stations are "Národní třída" (line B, "yellow") and "Můstek" (lines A and B, "green" and "yellow" respectively).  
 Light vegan snacks, Czech craft beer and wine and a selection of soft drinks will be served. You may wish to supplement these refreshments with a proper dinner afterwards.  
   
 Conference dinner  
   
 The AiML+RAMiCS 2024 Conference Dinner will take place on Thursday 22 August  from 19:30  till roughly 23:00 in Pavilon Grébovka  , located in the Havlíček Gardens  park.  
 The nearest metro station is "Náměstí míru" (line A, "green") from which it takes about 15 minutes to reach  Pavilon Grébovka by foot. Alternatively, you can take a tram to the "Krymská" stop from where it is an 8 minute walk.   
 Buffet dinner including barbecue. The park closes at midnight.  
   
 Excursions  
 Organised excursions will take place in the afternoon of Wednesday 21 August. The excursions are free of charge for registered conference participants, but we do require participants to register for an excursion option if they wish to attend. The number of participants per excursion is limited and places will be allocated on a first-come, first-served basis. Registration for excursions closes at noon on Monday 19 August  . Details of excursions and registration will be sent by email  . Please note that some excursions will include optional activities not covered by the conference and we will need participants to indicate if they wish to partake.  
 Please note that the tours of Vyšehrad and Klementinum are guided and the tour of Strahov Abbey is self-guided. The tour of Strahov Abbey begins with a tram ride from the city centre, which requires a 30-minute basic ticket (not included in the conference fee). The tour of the Klementinum includes a climb up a narrow and steep spiral staircase to the Astronomical Tower.  
 The excursions are optional. Additional information about the excursions  and our suggestions for other individual activities for those who do not wish to participate in the group excursions can be found here  .  
 Vyšehrad  
   
 Vyšehrad, a historic fort perched on the Vltava River's east bank, is a captivating slice of Prague's past. Once the seat of Bohemian kings, this ancient fortress now houses the stunning Basilica of St. Peter and St. Paul, a tranquil park, and the prestigious Vyšehrad Cemetery where many Czech luminaries find their final resting place.  
 Find out more here  .  
   
 Klementinum  
   
 The Klementinum is the second largest complex of buildings in Prague after Prague Castle and is now the seat of the National Library of the Czech Republic. The tour takes place in part of the former Jesuit College, the Baroque Library, the most beautiful of the Klementinum's halls, the Meridian Hall with its historical astronomical instruments and the Astronomical Tower. The tour also includes a visit to the Mirror Chapel and the Old Mathematical Hall.  
 Find out more here  .  
   
 Strahov Abbey  
   
 Strahov Abbey, a majestic Premonstratensian monastery perched on Prague's Petrin Hill, is a treasure trove of history and culture. Founded in 1143, it boasts stunning Baroque architecture, including the world-renowned Philosophical and Theological Halls, adorned with intricate frescoes and housing an impressive collection of ancient books. Visitors can explore its serene gardens, visit the Basilica, and even sample the monastery's own brewed beer.  
 Find out more here  .  

 Our sponsors  

    MOSAIC: Rise-MSCA-2020 P.101007627  

   Czech Society for Cybernetics and Informatics  

 Copyright © 2024 Institute of Computer Science CAS | Design: Templatemo   

    