COLT 2023   Twitter 
  YouTube 
   
 Conference on Learning Theory  
  
 The 36th Annual Conference on Learning Theory (COLT 2023)  takes place July 12–15, 2023  in Bangalore, India  . The conference venue is the Lalit Bangalore  . More local information  is now available, and registration is open!    
 The conference will be followed by a celebration of Nicolò Cesa-Bianchi's 60th birthday  at the Indian Institute of Science on July 16.  
 Plenary speakers: Tong Zhang  (HKUST) and Asu Ozdaglar  (MIT).  
 Register for COLT 

 Learning Theory Alliance  
  
 We ( LeT-All  ) are organizing an in-person panel on "Growing your research sphere"   that will be held at COLT on July 12th at 12:30pm (India Standard Time; GMT +5.5)  . The focus of the panel will be on finding new research connections across disciplines and borders. The panel will be followed by informal, small-group mentoring sessions. Everybody is welcome to the panel. We especially encourage senior undergraduate students, all PhD students, and postdocs to participate in the Q&A and attend the mentoring sessions.  

 Important Dates  
  
 All dates are in 2023.  
  
 February 10 | Submission deadline 
 April 7-14 | Author feedback period 
 May 15 | Author notification 
 July 12–15 | Conference 
 July 16 | NicolòFest 

 Conference Organization  
  
  Program Chairs  
 Gergely Neu | (Universitat Pompeu Fabra) 
  Lorenzo Rosasco | (University of Genova) 
    
  Local Chairs  
 Aditya Gopalan | (Indian Institute of Science) 
  Prateek Jain | (Google AI) 
  Praneeth Netrapalli | (Google Research) 

  Virtual Experience Chairs  
 Surbhi Goel | (University of Pennsylvania) 
  Ellen Vitercik | (Stanford University) 
    
  Non-Virtual Experience Chairs  
 Akshay Krishnamurthy | (Microsoft Research NYC) 

  Open Problems Chair  
 Tim van Erven | (University of Amsterdam) 
    
  Publication Chair  
 Wojciech Kotłowski | (Poznań University of Technology) 

 Program committee   
  
 Sponsors  
  
   Platinum sponsor: DeepMind     
   
   Platinum sponsor: Google     
   
   Silver sponsor: Microsoft     
   
   Silver sponsor: Apple     
   
   Silver sponsor: IISc-Kotak AI Centre     
   
 We are very grateful to our sponsors whose extraordinary generosity has been critical to the continued success of the conference, particularly by making it possible for students to attend and present their research. For information about sponsorship opportunities, please contact the sponsorship chairs at [email protected]   .  
 We are still working on the number and amount of student travel support we can provide. If you have any questions in the meanwhile, you can contact the local chairs  .  

 Contact Information  
  
 Sponsorships: | [email protected] 

 Menu  
  
 COLT 2023 
  The Conference | Important Dates 
  Conference Organization 
  Program Committee 
  Sponsors 
  Contact Information 
  For Authors | Call for Papers 
  Submission Instructions 
  Call for Open Problems 
  For Participants | Code of Conduct 
  Local Information 
  NicolòFest 
  Schedule 
  Papers | Accepted Papers 
  Proceedings 
   
 © 2021–2023 Association for Computational Learning  . Images: Khushbu hirpara  , Eric Rothermel  . Design: HTML5 UP  .