Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Submit Abstract  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Technical Program  Social Event  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  About the Region  Reaching the City  Visa Information  Hotel Reservation  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 COMPLEXIS 2023 will be held in conjunction with ICT4AWE 2023    , IoTBDS 2023    and FEMIB 2023    .   
  Registration to COMPLEXIS allows free access to the ICT4AWE, IoTBDS and FEMIB conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 COMPLEXIS – The International Conference on Complexity, Future Information Systems and Risk, aims at becoming a yearly meeting place for presenting and discussing innovative views on all aspects of Complex Information Systems, in different areas such as Informatics, Telecommunications, Computational Intelligence, Biology, Biomedical Engineering and Social Sciences. Information is pervasive in many areas of human activity – perhaps all – and complexity is a characteristic of current Exabyte-sized, highly connected and hyper dimensional, information systems.  
     
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Complexity in Informatics and Networking   
  
  2  .  Complexity in Biology and Biomedical Engineering   
  
  3  .  Complexity in Social Sciences   
  
  4  .  Complexity in Risk and Predictive Modeling   
  
  5  .  Complexity in AI/Edge/Fog/High-Performance Computing   

 Research Examples     

  Conference Chair    
 Victor Chang  ,  Aston Business School, Aston University, United Kingdom   

 PROGRAM CHAIR    
 Ema Kusen  ,  University of Vienna, Austria   

 PUBLICITY CHAIR    
 Anna Kobusinska  ,  Poznan University of Technology, Poland   

  Keynote Speakers   
 Tamas Kiss  ,  University of Westminster, United Kingdom   
  Giancarlo Fortino  ,  University Calabria, Italy   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  A short list of papers presented at the conference  
  venue will be selected for publication of extended  
  and revised versions in a special issue of  
   Springer's Journal of Grid Computing   

  A short list of papers presented at the conference  
  venue will be selected for publication of extended and  
  revised versions in a special issue of International  
  Journal of Organizational and Collective Intelligence   

  A short list of papers presented at the conference  
  venue will be selected for publication of extended  
  and revised versions in a special issue of Journal of  
  Global Information Management   

  A short list of best papers will be invited for  
  publication of extended and revised versions  
  in a special issue of the Journal Expert Systems  .  

  A short list of best papers will be invited  
  for publication of extended and revised versions  
  in a special issue of the Decision Analytics Journal.   

 In Cooperation with:    

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC