CPM 2023  
 34 th  Annual Symposium on Combinatorial Pattern Matching  
 Marne-la-Vallée, France, June 26–28, 2023  

 Conference  
 Main page 
  Important dates 
  Keynote speakers 
  Highlights of CPM 
  Programme 
  Committees 
  Call for papers 
  Registration 
  Excursion and Gala Dinner 
  Summer school  
 Summer school 
  Papers and proceedings  
 Accepted papers 
  Proceedings 
  Local information  
 Venue 
  Travel  
 Arrival 
  Accommodation 
  Practicalities 
  Other  
 CPM Archive 
  SafeTOC code of conduct 
    
 Call for papers  
 Papers on original research unpublished elsewhere in all areas related to combinatorial pattern matching and its applications are sought.  
 The proceedings will be published by LIPIcs (of Dagstuhl).  
 Topics of Interest  
 Papers are solicited on, but not limited to, the following topics:  
 Bioinformatics and computational biology 
  Coding and data compression 
  Combinatorics on words 
  Data mining 
  Information retrieval 
  Natural language processing 
  Pattern discovery 
  String algorithms 
  String processing in databases 
  Symbolic computing 
  Text searching and indexing 
  Keynote speakers  
 Olgica Milenkovic (University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, USA) 
  Tatiana Starikovskaya (École Normale Supérieure, France) 
  Virginia Vassilevska Williams (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA) 
  Important dates  
 Submission deadline: January 27, 2023 (AoE) 
  Notification: March 27, 2023 
  Conference: June 26–28, 2023 
  Submission  
 Submission is through the EasyChair conference system, by using the link below. The submission process requires registration to create an EasyChair account prior to submission.  
 Submission format  
 The authors should submit an extended abstract not exceeding 15 single-spaced pages on A4 (or US letter) paper excluding the title page (containing title, authors, affiliations, e-mail addresses, a short abstract, and keywords) and the references. Please note that 15 pages is an upper bound and shorter submissions are more than welcome. The authors are required to use the LaTeX style file supplied by Dagstuhl (LIPIcs). Papers must be submitted as a single file in PDF format.  
 Additional material intended for the referees but not for publication in the final version – for example details of proofs – may be placed in a clearly marked appendix that is not included in the page limit. The program code of experimental papers should be made public, with reasonable documentation, such that the PC may evaluate replicability of experimental results.  
 Papers submitted for review should represent original, previously unpublished work and surveys of important results. At the time the extended abstract is submitted to CPM, and for the entire review period, the paper (or essentially the same paper) should not be under review by any other conference with published proceedings or by a scientific journal.  
 At least one author of an accepted paper is expected to present the paper at the conference as a registered participant. We are planning an in-person event, with online presentations in exceptional cases (e.g., authors with difficulties to travel). Should the pandemic situation change, we will move to hybrid or fully online.  
 Links  
 Submission page: | https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cpm2023 
  LIPiCS Latex format: | https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/5#author 

 Last updated on 9 th  February 2023  
 Contact: contact.cpm.2023[at]gmail.com