DAC 2025 | June 22-25 | Moscone West, San Francisco   

 About | About DAC | Operating Procedures 
  2025 Committees 
  Sister Conferences 
  Conference Archive | 61st DAC 
  60th DAC (2023) 
  59th DAC (2022) 
  58th DAC (2021) 
  57th DAC (2020) 
  56th DAC (2019) 
  55th DAC (2018) 
  54th DAC (2017) 
  53rd DAC (2016) 
  52nd DAC (2015) 
  51st DAC (2014) 
  50th DAC (2013) 
  49th DAC (2012) 
  48th DAC (2011) 
  47th DAC (2010) 
  46th DAC (2009) 
  45th DAC (2008) 
  44th DAC (2007) 
  43rd DAC (2006) 
  42nd DAC (2005) 
  41st DAC (2004) 
  40th DAC (2003) 
  39th DAC (2002) 
  38th DAC (2001) 
  Women in Technology 
  DAC Under-40 Award 
  Conference Sponsors 
  DAC Awards Program | Women in Technology 
  DAC Under-40 Award 
  DAC Most Influential Paper Award 
  Future DAC Dates 
  Conference | 2025 Call for Contributions | Research Manuscript Submissions 
  Research Special Session Call for Proposals 
  Research Panels Call for Proposals 
  Tutorials Call for Proposals 
  Workshop Call for Proposals 
  Back-End Design Track Presentation Submissions 
  Front-End Design Track Presentation Submissions 
  IP Track Presentation Submissions 
  Systems and Software Track Presentation Submissions 
  Engineering Tracks Special Session Call for Proposals 
  DAC Pavilion Call for Proposals 
  Exhibitor Forum Call for Proposals 
  Late Breaking Results 
  Research Paper Submission Categories 
  Exhibitor Forum 
  Hands-On Training 
  Exhibition | Industry Partnership Levels 
  Exhibit @ DAC 
  Sponsorship Opportunities 
  Exhibitor Meeting Request Form 
  Attend | Why Attend DAC? 
  Students & Scholarships | Ph.D. Forum 
  Young Student Fellow Program 
  System Design Contest 
  PO Pistilli Undergraduate Scholarship 
  Hack@DAC 
  Moscone Center West 
  International Involvement 
  Additional Meeting/Co-Located Event Request 
  Media Center | DAC Press Releases | Influence Tomorrow’s Innovations Today: Contribute to the 58th Design Automation Conference 
  The 58th Design Automation Conference Has Been Rescheduled for December 2021 
  The 58th Design Automation Conference Opens Call for Nominations for the Prestigious Marie R. Pistilli Award 
  The Design Automation Conference Offers Opportunities for Students to Engage in the Annual Event Focused on the Design and Automation of Electronic Circuits and Systems 
  Nominations for the 58th Design Automation Conference Innovators Under 40 Award Now Open 
  The 2021 RISC-V Summit to Co-Locate with the 58th Design Automation Conference (DAC) in San Francisco 
  The 61st DAC Chips to Systems Conference Best Paper Awards 
  2024 DAC, The Chips to Systems Conference: A Record-Breaking Year for Innovation and Participation 
  62nd DAC, Chips to Systems Conference Reveals Executive Committee for the 2025 Conference and Exhibition 
  Impact the Future of Electronics: Contribute to the 62nd DAC, Chips to Systems Conference 
  DAC in the News 
  DAC Logos & Brand 
  DAC Blog | DAC 2022 Blog Posts | Calling All Data Scientists! 
  DAC 2021 Blog Posts 
  DAC 2020 Blog Posts 
  DAC Vlog 
  DACtv 
  DAC Podcast | Designing the Future: The Design Automation Conference Celebrates 60 Years! 
  Students | PhD Forum 
  Young Student Fellows Program 
  System Design Contest 
  P.O. Pistilli Scholarship 
  University Demonstration 

  The Design Automation Conference Offers Opportunities for Students to Engage in the Annual Event Focused on the Design and Automation of Electronic Circuits and Systems  
   
 The Young Student Fellow Program and the P.O. Pistilli Scholarship now accepting submissions    
   
 SAN FRANCISCO, CA – March 23, 2021 – The Design Automation Conference (DAC)  has been dedicated for 58 years to fostering a vibrant, worldwide community of electronic design and systems professionals, as well as improving the diversity among attendees. DAC’s student fellow and scholarship programs are designed to give students their first experience with the electronic design and systems industry. The 58 th  DAC is being planned as a hybrid event, part online, part face-to-face, with the live event taking place at Moscone West Center in San Francisco, CA from December 5-9, 2021. DAC will co-locate with SEMICON West 2021  , which is being held December 7-9 at Moscone North and South halls.  
 Young Student Fellow Program:   
 The Young Student Fellow Program  sponsored by DAC, Cadence Academic Network and Synopsys, actively supports the next engineering generation by enabling young students at the beginning of a career to enter the dynamic world of design and automation of electronic systems. Each Young Student Fellow will engage at DAC through numerous events such as technical sessions, participation in student-related events at DAC, and a poster session designed to introduce each Young Student Fellow to the DAC community.  
 Over the past ten years, since the inception of this scholarship, several hundreds of students have enrolled in the program, while enjoying time attending DAC. The program was held virtually in 2020 and attended by over 400 students globally. The Young Student Fellows program will be held virtually again this year. Each selected Fellow will receive a free DAC full conference registration including tutorials. The awardees will participate in the following activities during the conference:  
 Design Automation Summer School with interesting presentations. 
  Special professional development program with career coaching and interview skill training. 
  Present a poster on the work they are doing and present this during a special DAC Poster session. 
  Prepare a short video on a research paper they attended at DAC. This can be any paper presented at DAC, other than one’s own or ones from the Fellow’s institution. 
  Exclusive events with major prizes. 
  Preference is given to junior or senior undergraduates in engineering, to under-represented demographics such as women and minorities, to students in smaller research groups and to students pursuing a master’s degree and or Ph.D.  
 To apply for a Young Student Fellowship, students must complete the application form.  The submission site is open now through October 1, 2021. Qualifying students will be notified by November 1, 2021. Conference participation will be held virtual December 2021.  
 P.O Pistilli Scholarship Program:   
 The objective of the P.O. Pistilli Undergraduate Scholarship  for Advancement in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering is to increase the number of professionals in electrical engineering, computer engineering and computer science from under-represented groups.  
 Scholarships of $4,000 per year, renewable for up to five years, are awarded annually to between two and seven high school seniors who have a 3.00 GPA or better (on a 4.00 scale), have demonstrated high achievement in math and science courses, have a strong desire to pursue careers in electrical engineering, computer engineering, or computer science, and who have demonstrated substantial financial need.  
 To apply for the P.O Pistilli Scholarship, students must complete the application form.  The applications are due, May 14, 2021. Qualifying students will be notified by July 2021.  
 For additional information on awards and the Design Automation Conference, visit www.dac.com  .  
  
 About DAC   
 The Design Automation Conference (DAC) is recognized as the premier event for the design of electronic circuits and systems, and for electronic design automation (EDA) and silicon solutions. A diverse worldwide community representing more than 1,000 organizations attends each year, represented by system designers and architects, logic and circuit designers, validation engineers, CAD managers, senior managers and executives to researchers and academicians from leading universities. Close to 60 technical sessions selected by a committee of electronic design experts offer information on recent developments and trends, management practices and new products, methodologies and technologies. A highlight of DAC is its exhibition and suite area with approximately 200 of the leading and emerging EDA, silicon, intellectual property (IP) and design services providers. The conference is sponsored by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), and is supported by ACM's Special Interest Group on Design Automation (ACM SIGDA) and IEEE’s Council on Electronic Design Automation (CEDA).  
 Design Automation Conference acknowledges trademarks or registered trademarks of other organizations for their respective products and services.   
 Michelle Clancy, 58 th  DAC Publicity/Marketing chair  
 Phone: 1.503.702.4732  
 press@dac.com   

 Event Sponsors  

  DAC 61   
 June 23-27, 2024  
  San Francisco  

  Exhibit at DAC   
 DAC is the premier conference devoted to the design and automation of electronic systems (EDA), embedded systems and software (ESS), and intellectual property (IP).  
 Become an Exhibitor   

  DAC-Cast   
 Stay up to date with DAC-Cast, the official podcast of the Design Automation Conference. Key topics discussed are tailored to practitioners in design and design automation ecosystem.  
 Listen Now   

 EVENT   
  
  About DAC   
  Exhibits   
  Conference   
  Under 40 Award   
    
 GENERAL   
  
  Blog   
  Privacy Policy   
  Contact Us   
    
 CONNECT   
  
   Twitter   
   Facebook   
   LinkedIn   
   YouTube   
   Email    

 Login    

    Search