EASE 2025   Tue 17 - Fri 20 June 2025 Istanbul, Turkey    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Istanbul Technical University 
  Registration 
  Attendance Policy 
  Tracks | EASE 2025 
  Research Papers 
  Short Papers, Emerging Results 
  Industry Papers 
  Posters and Vision 
  Journal-first 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Learnings/Reflections of Evaluation and Assessment projects in Software Engineering 
  AI Models / Data 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Organization | EASE 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Industry Papers 
  Posters and Vision 
  Doctoral Symposium 
  Learnings/Reflections of Evaluation and Assessment projects in Software Engineering 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   EASE 2025 
  EASE 2024 
  EASE 2023 
  EASE 2022 
  EASE 2021 
  EASE 2020 
  EASE 2019 
  EASE 2018 
  EASE 2017 
  EASE 2017 
  EASE 2015 
  EASE 2014 
  EASE 2013 
  EASE 2012 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  EASE 2025  ( series  ) /  Research Papers EASE 2025   
   
 Call for Papers 
  Call for Papers  
  
 The International Conference on Evaluation and Assessment in Software Engineering (EASE) is one of the premier conferences for research related to empirical software engineering. The EASE research track seeks high-quality submissions of technical research papers describing original and unpublished results.  
 Topics   
 EASE welcomes papers addressing topics related to evaluating and assessing software products, processes, practices, tools & techniques, including:  
 Meta-science (e.g., papers about research methods and methodological issues, whether empirical or conceptual) 
  Infrastructure and techniques for conducting empirical studies on software engineering 
  Theory development, operationalization, testing, and application 
  Applications of evaluation and assessment in specific contexts, such as: | Software Requirements 
  Software Architecture 
  Data-Driven Software Engineering 
  Global Software Engineering 
  Software Design 
  Software Construction 
  Software Testing 
  Software Operations 
  DevOps and Continuous Delivery 
  Software Maintenance 
  Software Configuration Management 
  Software Engineering Management 
  Software Engineering Models and Methods 
  Software Engineering Process (e.g., agile, hybrid) 
  Software Quality 
  AI-Based Software Development 
  Human factors and behavioral aspects of Software Engineering 
  Software development practices and process improvement 
  Sustainability in Software Engineering 
  Inter- or multi-disciplinary studies intersecting software engineering 
  Artificial Intelligence for Software Engineering 
  Ethics in Software Engineering 
  EASE also welcomes studies with negative findings or non-significant results.  
 How to Submit   
 All papers must be submitted in PDF format through the web-based submission system EasyChair for EASE 2025  . Submissions must not exceed ten pages, including all figures, tables, references, and appendices.  
 All submissions should use the official ACM Primary Article Template  . Deviating from the ACM formatting instructions may lead to a desk rejection. LaTeX users should use the following options:  
 \documentclass[sigconf,review,anonymous]{acmart} \acmConference[EASE 2025]{The 29th International Conference on Evaluation and Assessment in Software Engineering}{17–20 June, 2025}{Istanbul, Türkiye}   Authors must comply with the SIGSOFT Open Science Policy SIGSOFT Open Science Policies  .  
 EASE 2025 will employ a double-anonymous review process. Do not include author names or affiliations in submissions. All references to the author’s prior work should be in the third person. Any online supplements, replication packages, etc., referred to in the work should also be anonymized. Advice for sharing supplements anonymously can be found here  .  
 By submitting to EASE, authors agree to the ACM Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism, Misrepresentation, and Falsification ACM Policy on Plagiarism, etc.  . If the research involves human participants/subjects, the authors must adhere to the ACM Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects ACM Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects  .  
 Review Criteria   
 The reviewers will be encouraged to do a standards-based review. To see the criteria for standards-based reviews, please use this tool: Empirical Standards Checklist  .  
 The reviews will evaluate submissions additionally against the following criteria:  
 Soundness: | The extent to which the paper’s contributions and innovations address its research questions and are supported by rigorous application of appropriate research methods 
  Significance: | The extent to which the paper’s contributions can impact the field of software engineering and under which assumptions (if any) 
  Novelty: | The extent to which the contributions are sufficiently original with respect to the state-of-the-art 
  Verifiability and Transparency: | The extent to which the paper includes sufficient information to understand how an innovation works, how data was obtained, analyzed, and interpreted, and how the paper supports independent verification or replication of the paper’s claimed contributions. 
  Presentation: | The extent to which the paper’s quality of writing meets the high standards of EASE, including clear descriptions, adequate use of the English language, absence of significant ambiguity, clearly readable figures and tables, and adherence to the formatting instructions provided above. 
  Important Dates   
 Abstract Submission deadline: 12 January 2025, AoE 
  Submission deadline: 19 January 2025, AoE 
  Notification: 9 March 2025, AoE 
  Camera-ready: 27 April 2025, AoE 
  Early registration deadline: 2 May 2025, AoE 

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Sun 12 Jan 2025  
  Abstract Submission Deadline 
 Sun 19 Jan 2025  
  Submission Deadline 
 Sun 9 Mar 2025  
  Notification Deadline 
 Sun 27 Apr 2025  
  Camera Ready Deadline 
 Fri 2 May 2025 updated    
  Early Registration Deadline 

 x  Wed 4 Dec 12:58    

  EASE 2025   
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 Research Papers   
  Short Papers, Emerging Results   
  Industry Papers   
  Posters and Vision   
  Journal-first   
  Doctoral Symposium   
  Learnings/Reflections of Evaluation and Assessment projects in Software Engineering   
  AI Models / Data   
  Workshops   
  Tutorials    

 Attending  
 Venue: Istanbul Technical University   
  Registration   
  Attendance Policy    
 Sign Up    

  