Toggle navigation          
 Home 
  Calls | Call for Full Papers 
  Call for Short Papers 
  Call for Demonstrations 
  Call for Reproducibility papers 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 
  Call for Tutorials 
  Call for Industry Day presentations 
  Call for Doctoral Consortium Papers 
  Student Support 
  Support Grants 
  Call for Sponsorship 
  Important Dates 
  Programs | Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Schedule 
  Keynotes 
  LNCS Proceedings 
  Sponsors 
  Organisers 
  Attending | Registration 
  Invitation Letter 
  Information for Presenters 
  Venue 
  Travel Info 
  Accommodation 
  Social Events 
  Restaurants and Bars 
  FAQ 

 Call for Demonstrations  
   
 The European Conference on Information Retrieval is the prime European forum for the presentation of original research in the field of Information Retrieval.  
 ECIR 2023 is seeking original, high-quality submissions addressing innovative research in the broad field Information Retrieval. ECIR 2023 wishes to highlight significant contributions addressing the main challenges of providing effective search and retrieval, but also the related and equally important issues of multimedia and multi-modal content management, user interaction, large-scale search, machine learning, and societal and technical challenges.  
 Topics of Interest  
 ECIR 2023 encourages the submission of high-quality and original papers on the theory experimentation, and practice of information retrieval and interaction; this primarily includes textual information but could also include visual audio, and multi-modal information. Relevant topics include, but are not limited to:  
 User aspects | , including information interaction, contextualisation personalisation, simulation, characterisation, and behaviours; 
  System and foundational aspects | , including retrieval models and architectures, content analysis and classification, recommendation algorithms, query processing and ranking, efficiency and scalability; 
  Machine learning | , deep learning and neural models, natural language processing, and graph models applied to information retrieval and interaction; 
  Applications | , such as web search, recommender systems, web and social media apps, professional and domain-specific search, novel interfaces to search tools intelligent search, and conversational agents; 
  Evaluation research | , including new metrics and novel methods for the measurement and evaluation of retrieval systems, users, and/or applications. 
  New social and technical challenges | , such as bias, ethics, fake news and hate speech, wearable devices and neuroinformatics. 
   
 Demonstration Paper Track  
 The Demo track  provides the opportunity for researchers to present their research prototypes and operational systems which they wish to share with the community, obtain feedback from experts, and exchange knowledge on implementing and developing such systems.  
 Submissions should clearly define their purpose, scope, and audience of the demo. 
  All submissions should provide a URL to a live online version of their demo or alternatively, provide a URL to a video showcasing the main features of their demo. 
  Demonstrations that make their source code freely available are especially encouraged. 
  Demo papers are up to | 4 pages in length | plus additional pages for references. Appendices count toward the pagelimit. 
  Demo papers will be refereed through | single-blind peer review | (demo submissions are not anonymous). 
  Submission Guidelines  
 Authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines and use their proceedings templates either for LaTeX or for Word (to be found at https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines  ), for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers ( https://www.springer.com/gp/authors-editors/orcid  ).  
 All submissions must be written in English. All papers should be submitted electronically through the EasyChair submission system ( https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ecir23  ).  
 In addition, the corresponding author of each accepted paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the paper has been submitted, changes relating to its authorship cannot be made.  
 Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. The proceedings will be distributed to all delegates at the conference. Accepted papers will have to be presented at the conference – and at least one author will be required to register. ECIR intends to publish the proceedings as open access if sufficient funding is acquired.  
 Dual submission policy  
 Papers submitted to ECIR 2022 should be substantially different from papers that have been previously published, or accepted for publication, or that are under review at other venues. Exceptions to this rule are:  
 Submission is permitted for papers presented or to be presented at conferences or workshops without proceedings. 
  Submission is permitted for papers that have previously been made available as a technical report (e.g., in institutional archives or preprint archives like arXiv). However, we discourage this since it places anonymity at risk; in particular, please do not publish your paper at arXiv and submit to ECIR at the same time, some days before, or during the reviewing period of ECIR. 
  If your paper already is available as a technical report: | You might not want to use the exact same title and abstract for your ECIR submission (in case of acceptance at ECIR, the title of your submission still might be changed “back”). 
  Please do not cite your technical report and make some effort to avoid any issues that may harm the double-blindness of your submission. Reviewers will receive guidance that ask them to refrain from trying to break blindness if at all possible too, but be aware that the availability of an available technical report for an ECIR submission can cause issues. 
  Ethics and professional conduct  
 ECIR 2023 expects authors (as well as the PC, and the organizing committee) to adhere to accepted standards on ethics and professionalism, such as:  
 The | ACM's Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct | , 
  The | ACM's Conflict of Interest Policy | . 
  The | ACM's Policy on Plagiarism, Misrepresentation, and Falsification | . 
  The | ACM's Policy Against Harassment | . 
  or similar other standards of professional conduct. 
  Demo paper track dates  
 Demo paper submission | : October 21, 2022, 11:59pm (AoE) 
  Demo paper notification | : December 12, 2022 
  Main conference | : April 3-5, 2023 
  Demo paper track chairs  
 Frank Hopfgartner | (University of Sheffield, UK) 
  Liting Zhou | (Dublin City University, Ireland) 
  Contact | : ecir23-demo at easychair.org 

 © 2023 ECIR. All rights reserved.