   Program 
  Registration 
  Participants Info 
  Calls 
  Venue 
  Blog 
  Committees 
  Sponsors 
  Contact 
  Volunteers 
  Toggle menu    

 Call for | Diversity & Inclusion Subsidies 
  Main Conference Papers 
  System Demonstrations 
  Industry Track 

  Call for Main Conference Papers  
  
  On this page  
  
 Overview 
  Paper Submission Information 
  Mandatory Reviewing Workload (NEW!!) 
  Submission Topics 
  EMNLP 2024 Theme Track: Efficiency in Model Algorithms, Training, and Inference 
  Two Stage Review: Submission to ARR, Commitment to EMNLP 
  Important Dates for EMNLP 2024 
  Paper Submission Details 
  Presentation at the Conference 
  Contact Information 

 Overview  
 EMNLP 2024 invites the submission of long and short papers featuring substantial, original, and unpublished research on empirical methods for Natural Language Processing. EMNLP2024 has a goal of a diverse technical program—in addition to traditional research results, papers may contribute negative findings, survey an area, announce the creation of a new resource, argue a position, report novel linguistic insights derived using existing computational techniques, and reproduce, or fail to reproduce, previous results. As in recent years, some of the presentations at the conference will be of papers accepted by the Transactions of the ACL (TACL) and the Computational Linguistics (CL) journals.  
 Paper Submission Information  
 Papers may be submitted to the ARR 2024 June cycle  . Papers that have received reviews and a meta-review from ARR (whether from the ARR 2024 June cycle or an earlier ARR cycle) may be committed to EMNLP via the commitment link  .  
 Mandatory Reviewing Workload (NEW!!)  
 As our pace of research continues to increase, we need to strengthen the commitment to reviewing for each paper submission. During the ARR submission process, authors will be required to specify which co-authors are committing to cover reviewing in this reviewing cycle. Please see the new ARR policy regarding reviewing workload here  . As this is an ARR-wide policy for all *CL conferences, questions or clarifications should be addressed to ARR directly.  
 Submission Topics  
 EMNLP 2024 aims to have a broad technical program. Relevant topics for the conference include, but are not limited to, the following areas:  
 Computational Social Science and Cultural Analytics 
  Dialogue and Interactive Systems 
  Discourse and Pragmatics 
  Low-resource Methods for NLP 
  Ethics, Bias, and Fairness 
  Generation 
  Information Extraction 
  Information Retrieval and Text Mining 
  Interpretability and Analysis of Models for NLP 
  Linguistic theories, Cognitive Modeling and Psycholinguistics 
  Machine Learning for NLP 
  Machine Translation 
  Multilinguality and Language Diversity 
  Multimodality and Language Grounding to Vision, Robotics and Beyond 
  Phonology, Morphology and Word Segmentation 
  Question Answering 
  Resources and Evaluation 
  Semantics: Lexical, Sentence-level Semantics, Textual Inference and Other areas 
  Sentiment Analysis, Stylistic Analysis, and Argument Mining 
  Speech processing and spoken language understanding 
  Summarization 
  Syntax: Tagging, Chunking and Parsing 
  NLP Applications 
  Special Theme: | Efficiency in Model Algorithms, Training, and Inference 
  EMNLP 2024 Theme Track: Efficiency in Model Algorithms, Training, and Inference  
 This track provides a platform for researchers to explore key aspects of making model algorithms, training, and inference more efficient, e.g., quantization, data requirements, and model size. We welcome submissions that propose innovative approaches, methodologies, and techniques to streamline the training and inference process for language models while optimizing resource utilization and reducing model size. Authors are encouraged to explore various ways to enhance efficiency, including parameter-efficient tuning and methods for learning with less data and smaller model sizes, ultimately leading to more scalable, practical, and resource-efficient NLP systems.  
 Two Stage Review: Submission to ARR, Commitment to EMNLP  
 EMNLP 2024 will use ACL Rolling Review  (ARR) as a reviewing system, but final decisions will be made by the conference. Both submissions of articles for review and commitment of reviewed articles to the conference will be performed via the Open Review  platform. Specifically, authors will follow a two-step process:  
 Authors submit articles to ARR, where submissions receive reviews and meta-reviews from ARR reviewers and action editors; 
  Authors commit their reviewed articles to a publication venue (e.g., EMNLP 2024), where Senior Area Chairs and Program Chairs make acceptance decisions from the ARR reviews and meta-reviews. 
  EMNLP 2024 has chosen this approach in coordination with *CL 2024 conferences, which are adopting the same procedure and a coordinated submission plan to allow maximum flexibility during their submission periods for the authors. At each cycle, after a paper has been fully reviewed, authors have the option to commit their paper to a conference, or revise and resubmit for another round of reviews.  
 The reviewing process will continue to be double-blind. Reviewers will not see authors, nor will authors see reviewers and reviews on ARR will not be made publicly visible. However, authors will be given the option through ARR to make their anonymized submitted articles publicly visible.  
 Important Dates for EMNLP 2024  
  
 ARR submission deadline (long & short papers) | June 15, 2024 
 Commitment deadline for EMNLP 2024 | August 20, 2024 
 Notification of acceptance (long & short papers) | September 20, 2024 
 Camera-ready papers due (long & short) | October 3, 2024 
 Main Conference | November 12-14, 2024 
 Workshops and Tutorials | November 15-16, 2024 
  
 Note: All deadlines are 11:59PM UTC-12:00 (“anywhere on Earth”).   
 Following the ACL and ARR policies  , there is no anonymity period requirement.   
 At the time of submission to ARR, authors will be asked to select a preferred venue (e.g., EMNLP 2024). This is used only to calculate acceptance rates. Authors who selected EMNLP 2024 as a preferred venue when submitting to ARR may choose not to commit to EMNLP 2024 after receiving their reviews, and authors who selected a preferred venue other than EMNLP 2024 when submitting to ARR are still welcome to commit to EMNLP 2024.  
 Paper Submission Details  
 Both long and short paper submissions should follow all of the ARR submission requirements  , including:  
 Long Papers | (8 pages) and | Short Papers | (4 pages) 
  Instructions for Two-Way Anonymized Review 
  Authorship 
  Citation and Comparison 
  Multiple Submission Policy | , | Resubmission Policy | , and | Withdrawal Policy 
  Ethics Policy | including the | responsible NLP research checklist 
  Limitations 
  Writing Assistance 
  Paper Submission and Templates 
  Optional Supplementary Materials 
  Final versions of accepted papers will be given one additional page of content (up to 9 pages for long papers, up to 5 pages for short papers) to address reviewers’ comments.  
 Presentation at the Conference  
 All accepted papers must be presented at the conference to appear in the proceedings. The conference will include both in-person and virtual presentation options. Papers without at least one presenting author registered by the early registration deadline may be subject to desk rejection. Long and short papers will be presented orally or as posters as determined by the program committee. While short papers will be distinguished from long papers in the proceedings, there will be no distinction in the proceedings between papers presented orally and papers presented as posters.  
 Contact Information  
 General Chair:   
 Thamar Solorio | , Mohamed bin Zayed University of Artificial Intelligence and University of Houston 
  Program Chairs:   
 Mohit Bansal | , University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 
  Yun-Nung (Vivian) Chen | , National Taiwan University 
  Yaser Alonaizan | , Saudi Data and AI Authority, National Center for AI 
  For questions related to paper submission, and the review process in general, email: editors@aclrollingreview.org   
 For questions about commitment and post review related topics:: emnlp2024-programchairs@googlegroups.com   

 Follow: 
  Twitter 
  GitHub 
  Feed 
    
 © 2024 emnlp. Powered by Jekyll  & Minimal Mistakes  .   

  