Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Submit Abstract  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 ENASE 2025 will be held in conjunction with ICEIS 2025    , ICT4AWE 2025    , VEHITS 2025    , IoTBDS 2025    and FEMIB 2025    .   
  Registration to ENASE allows free access to the ICEIS, ICT4AWE, VEHITS, IoTBDS and FEMIB conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 Upcoming Submission Deadlines  
 Position/Regular Paper Submission:  December 13, 2024    
      
 Abstracts Track Submission:  January 30, 2025    
  
  (See Important Dates for more information)    
 The mission of ENASE (Evaluation of Novel Approaches to Software Engineering) is to be a prime international forum to discuss and publish research findings and IT industry experiences with relation to novel approaches to software engineering. The conference acknowledges evolution in systems and software thinking due to contemporary shifts of computing paradigm to e-services, cloud computing, mobile connectivity, business processes, and societal participation. By publishing the latest research on novel approaches to software engineering and by evaluating them against systems and software quality criteria, ENASE conferences advance knowledge and research in software engineering, including and emphasizing service-oriented, business-process driven, and ubiquitous mobile computing. ENASE aims at identifying most hopeful trends and proposing new directions for consideration by researchers and practitioners involved in large-scale systems and software development, integration, deployment, delivery, maintenance and evolution.    

 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Theory and Practice of Systems and Applications Development   
  
  2  .  Challenges and Novel Approaches to Systems and Software Engineering (SSE)   
  
  3  .  Systems and Software Quality   
  
  4  .  Systems and Software Engineering (SSE) for Emerging Domains   

  Conference Chair    
 Leszek Maciaszek  ,  Macquarie Univ., Australia and Wroclaw Univ. of Economics and Business, Poland   

 PROGRAM CO-CHAIRS    
 Mike Mannion  ,  Computing, Glasgow Caledonian University, United Kingdom   
  Tomi Mannisto  ,  University of Helsinki, Finland   

  Keynote Speaker   
 Wim Vanhaverbeke  ,  University of Antwerp, Belgium   

 Tutorials   
 Performance Test the Mobile Applications   
  Instructor:  Ehsun Saeed  

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

  It is planned to publish a short list of revised and  
  extended versions of presented papers with  
  Springer in a CCIS Series book  (final approval pending)  

 Technically co-sponsored by:   

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC