FG 2023    Program 
  Dates 
  Participate 
  Organizers 
  Sponsorship 
  Venue 
  Registration 

 Latest Updates  
 Online Conference Program  and PDF Conference Program  are now up.  
 Instructions for paper presentation  is now up.  
 Instructions for camera ready submission  and visa letters  are now up.  
 Hotel  and Conference  registration are now open.  
 ×     

  Paper Submission    

  Demos    

  Competitions    

  Workshops    

  Tutorials    

  Doctoral Consortium    

  Camera Ready Instructions    

  Presentation Instructions    

 We cordially invite you to submit your short papers/long papers/workshops and special session proposals for the IEEE International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (FG2023).  
 The 17th IEEE International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (FG 2023) will be held in Hawaii, USA, 4-8 Jan 2023. This FG conference will be co-located with the IEEE WACV conference, which will be held 2-6 Jan 2023. The IEEE conference series on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition is the premier international forum for image and video-based face, gesture, and body movement recognition research. Its broad scope includes advances in fundamental computer vision, pattern recognition, and computer graphics; machine learning techniques relevant to face, gesture, and body motion; interdisciplinary research on behavioral analysis; new algorithms and applications. For this year, our conference theme is on privacy and ethical issues of FG research. Topics of interest include but are not limited to:  
 Face recognition & biometrics 
  Face analysis and synthesis 
  Body action and activity recognition 
  Gesture recognition, analysis, and synthesis 
  Affective computing and multi-modal interaction 
  Psychological and behavioral analysis 
  Perceptual and cognitive aspects of non-verbal interaction 
  Databases and tools for FG 
  Technologies and applications related to FG 
  Privacy and ethical issues of FG 

 ×     

 Live Stream  
 ×     

 Paniolo I  Paniolo II  Paniolo III  Virtual  Paniolo I  Paniolo II  Paniolo III  Virtual