Welcome  

 Onsite Venues:  Olten, Switzerland; Porto, Portugal; Vilnius, Lithuania and Kochi, India  
 HIS 2023 Theme:  Hybrid Approaches for Large Language Models and Generative AI  
 Join the feast of Hybrid Computational Intelligence researchers!  
 Welcome to the 23th International Conference on Hybrid Intelligent Systems (HIS 2023) online, 2023. Hybridization of intelligent systems is a promising research field of computational intelligence focusing on synergistic combinations of multiple approaches to develop the next generation of intelligent systems. A fundamental stimulus to the investigations of HIS is the awareness that combined approaches will be necessary if the remaining tough problems in Artificial Intelligence are to be solved.  
 The objectives of HIS 2023 are: to increase the awareness of the research community of the broad spectrum of hybrid techniques, to bring together AI researchers from around the world to present their cutting-edge results, to discuss the current trends in HIS research, to develop a collective vision of future opportunities, to establish international collaborative opportunities, and as a result to advance the state of the art of the field.  
 HIS 2023 will be a hybrid conference that will run fully in-person and fully virtually to take advantage of the best that the two modalities can offer. Besides regular paper presentations, the technical programme will include 8-10 plenary lectures and poster sessions. HIS 2023 Organising Committee also recognises the benefits of virtual conferences allowing participation at a cheaper rate. This allows a higher number of research scholars and students to attend. Selected authors will have the option to attend and present the papers virtually or present in one of the three venues in Europe and Asia.  
 We look forward to welcoming you online!  
 HIS 2023 - Organizing Committee  

 Information | Welcome 
  Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Call for Special Sessions 
  Submission 
  Camera Ready Paper Guidelines 
  Organizing Committees 
  Sponsors 
  Registration 
  Plenary Speakers 
  Technical Program 
  Accommodation 
  Onsite Venues 
  Previous Conference 
  Contact 
  Related Conferences 

 Copyright © 2001-2024 Machine Intelligence Research Labs. All rights reserved.