HLPP 2023: 16th International Symposium on High-Level Parallel Programming and Applications     
 Cluj-Napoca, Romania, June 29-30, 2023    
   
 Menu  Aims & Scope 
  News 
  CFP 
  Important Dates 
  Submission 
  Registration 
  Program 
  Organization 
  Local Info 
  Contact 

 CFP   
 CALL FOR PAPERS  
 HLPP 2023  
  16 th  International Symposium on International Symposium on  
  High-Level Parallel Programming and Applications   
 Cluj-Napoca, Romania   
  June 29-30, 2023   
  On-site Event   
  https://www.cs.ubbcluj.ro/hlpp2023   
  HLPP2023 CFP in pdf format   
 Aims and Scope  
 As processor and system manufacturers adjust their roadmaps towards increasing levels of both inter and intra-chip parallelism, so the urgency of reorienting the mainstream software industry towards these architectures grows.  
 At present, popular parallel and distributed programming methodologies are dominated by low-level techniques such as send/receive message passing, or equivalently unstructured shared memory mechanisms.  
 Higher-level, structured approaches offer many possible advantages and have a key role to play in the scalable exploitation of ubiquitous parallelism.  
 HLPP symposia provide a forum for discussion and research about such high-level approaches to parallel and distributed programming.  
 Topics  
 HLPP 2023 invites papers on all topics in high-level parallel programming, its tools and applications including, but not limited to, the following aspects:  
 High-level parallel programming and performance models (e.g. BSP, CGM, LogP, MPM, etc.) and tools 
  Declarative parallel and distributed programming methodologies based on functional, logical, data-flow, actor, and other paradigms 
  Algorithmic skeletons, patterns, etc. and constructive methods 
  High-level parallelism in programming languages and libraries (e.g, OCaml, Haskell, Scala, C++, etc.): semantics and implementation 
  Verification of declarative parallel and distributed programs 
  Efficient code generation, auto-tuning, and optimization for parallel and distributed programs 
  Model-driven software engineering for parallel and distributed systems 
  Domain-specific languages: design, implementation, and applications 
  High-level programming models for heterogeneous/hierarchical platforms with accelerators, e.g., GPU, Many-core, DSP, VPU, FPGA, etc. 
  High-level parallel methods for large structured and semi-structured datasets 
  Applications of parallel and distributed systems using high-level languages and tools 
  Teaching experience with high-level tools and methods for parallel and distributed computing 
  HLPP Symposia Series  
 http://hlpp.net   
 Submission  
 Papers submitted to HLPP 2023 must describe original research results and must not have been published or simultaneously submitted anywhere else. As it is traditional for HLPP symposia, the accepted papers will be distributed at the symposium in draft proceedings, and revised papers will be published in a special issue of the International Journal of Parallel Programming.  
 Each paper will receive a minimum of three reviews by members of the international technical program committee. Papers will be selected based on their originality, relevance, technical clarity, and quality of presentation.  
 Manuscripts must be prepared with the Springer IJSS latex macro package using the single column option (\documentclass[smallextended]{svjour3}) and submitted via the EasyChair Conference Management System as one pdf file. The strict page limit for initial submission and camera-ready version is 20 pages in the aforementioned format.  
 At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the HLPP 2023 symposium and present the paper.  
 After the symposium the authors of the papers will have ample time to revise their papers and to incorporate both reviewer feedback and presentation feedback from the whole audience during the symposium.  
 Important Dates  
 Abstract submission: | April 3, 2023 | , | April 17, 2023 | Extended: April 21, 2023 
  Paper submission: | April 7, 2023 | , | April 21, 2023 | Extended: April 28, 2023 
  Notification: | May 15, 2023, | May 19, 2023 
  Draft proceedings version: June 9, 2023 
  Author registration deadline: June 9, 2023 
  Non-author registration deadline: June 20, 2023 
  Conference: June 29-30, 2023 
  Journal paper submission: September 2023 
  Organization  
 Virginia Niculescu, Babeș-Bolyai University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania 
  Adrian Sterca, Babeș-Bolyai University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania 
  Darius Bufnea, Babeș-Bolyai University of Cluj-Napoca, Romania 
  Steering Committee  
 Gaétan Hains (Université Paris-Est Créteil, France) 
  Clemens Grelck (Universiteit van Amsterdam, Netherlands) 
  Kiminori Matsuzaki (Kochi University of Technology, Japan) 
  Christoph W. Kessler (Linköping University, Sweden) 
  Herbert Kuchen (University of Münster | , | Germany) 
  Marco Danelutto (University of Pisa, Italy) 
  Ines Dutra (University of Porto, Portugal) 
  Arturo Gonzalez-Escribano (Universidad de Valladolid, Spain) 
  Frédéric Dabrowski (Université d’Orléans, France) 
  Virginia Niculescu (Babeș-Bolyai University, Romania) 

 Sponsors of the Symposium:   
 HUAWEI Technologies France SASU  Robert Bosch SRL  Babeș-Bolyai University   

 Babeș-Bolyai University 
  Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science