Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Submit Abstract  Guidelines  Preparing your Presentation  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Ethics of Review  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Doctoral Consortium  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  About the Region  Reaching the City  Visa Information  Hotel Reservation  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 Deadlines and Policies  
 Important Deadlines  
  
 Early registrations are accepted until:    
   
 Conference Regular Papers:  December 20, 2024    
  Conference Position Papers:  January 13, 2025    
  Conference Late-Breaking Papers:  January 14, 2025    
  Special Sessions:  January 22, 2025  
   Doctoral Consortium:  January 22, 2025  
   Non-Speakers:  January 22, 2025   
  
 Late registrations are accepted until:   
 Non-Speakers:  February 11, 2025   
  After this date, non-speaker registration is still possible, although conference bags and proceedings are limited to the existing stock.   
   
  Note: All dates refer to AOE  time, i.e. "Anywhere on Earth"   
  
  Guidelines, Benefits and Policies  
  
 Each accepted paper will be published in the proceedings under an ISBN reference, on paper and on digital support, and must be presented at the conference.  
  It is mandatory that the camera-ready, copyright document, registration and payment, are received by the conference by the deadline indicated above as “early registration”.  
  To register a paper, the participant needs to select the "Speaker" registration. This applies to student papers and/or poster presentations.  
    
 1. Cancellation Policy for the Conference:  
 If we receive your written cancellation before January 16, 2025, the registration fees will be refunded, deducted by an administrative fee of 100 EUR. There will be no refunds for cancellations received after January 16, 2025.   
  
  2. Discounts over the registration fee are not cumulative.   
  
  3. Student Benefits:  
 Students must confirm their status by presenting a student card and a signed declaration from the supervisor professor. Students without a paper | are entitled to substantial discounts over the basic registration for non-speakers 
  Registration discounts are available when students are from underprivileged countries 
  Best Student Paper Awards will be given a voucher for a free or reduced registration fee in one event sponsored by INSTICC, valid during a 12 months period, including all conference materials (without the printed proceedings) 
  Free INSTICC Membership valid until the end of 2025, which can be used in this and in subsequent INSTICC conferences and provides extended access to the SCITEPRESS Digital Library. 

 © 2024  INSTICC