ICAISC 2025  Menu   About 
  Scope 
  Important Dates 
  Program Committee 
  Contact 
  Invited Talks 
  Submission 
  Conference Details | Program 
  Venue 
  Previous Conferences 
  Related Conferences 
  Special Sessions 
  Payment 

 ICAISC 2025  
 The 24th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Soft Computing  
 June 22-26, 2025  

 Program  
 TBA  

  Previous    Next     

 Submission  
 The conference proceedings will be published in the Springer-Verlag series "Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence", and we strongly recommend the use of the Springer LaTeX style. To ensure reasonable quality and consistency of preparation, it is important that authors adhere strictly to the instructions. Any manuscript submitted in technically unsuitable form will be returned to the author for retyping. Authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines  and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX or for MS Word, for the preparation of their papers. Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available in Overleaf  . Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs  in their (final) papers. In addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.  
 Initial submissions must be FULL papers (preferably 12 pages) and not merely abstracts. Initial submissions have to contain an anonymized PDF  and non-anonymized sources. Papers will undergo double-blind reviewing by an international committee, and accepted on the basis of their scientific merit and relevance to the conference topics. Please prepare an anonymized PDF version of the paper being submitted. Please preserve anonymity by avoiding providing information that may identify the authors in the acknowledgements, links to websites and the literature references. Please refer to your previous work as to a work of someone else. In place of author names, please write "Anonymous ICAISC 2025 submission". Sources of the paper do not have to be anonymized.  
 Every final paper must be accompanied by the copyright form, which we ask a corresponding author to complete and sign. The copyright form in PDF is located at the Springer web site  (Licence to Publish form for LNCS, CCIS or LNBIP). It is sufficient if one author of each contribution signs the form on behalf of all the other authors. the copyright form should be submitted during the final submission as a separate zipped pdf file. Please use the following data to fill the form:  
 Title of the Book/Volume/Conference: ICAISC 2025 Proceedings 
  Volume Editor(s): L. Rutkowski et al. 
   
 All final submissions should be in a .zip compressed archive including:  
 the source (input) files, i.e. TeX source files for the text and figure files, 
  any style files, templates, and special fonts the authors may have used, 
  MS Word file in the case of using MS Word, 
  the final Postscript (.ps) or Adobe Acrobat (.pdf) file, 
  the scanned completed and signed copyright form. 
   
 By submitting the paper to the ICAISC conference the author(s) agree that they did not submit this paper to any other conference and one of them will attend the conference to present the paper.  
  Please note that all papers will be assigned a paper number. You will receive this number after you have completed the paper submission process. Authors are then required to use the paper number assigned to them for all future correspondence regarding this paper.  
 The submission system is available at https://icaiscsystem.icaisc.eu/  .  
 If you already have an account from ICAISC 2024 (or previous editions), please use this login information or click "Remind password".  

  Previous    Next     

   Your browser does not support the audio tag.    

 Committee on Informatics of the Polish Academy of Sciences     
   
 Poland Section of IEEE Computer Society Chapter C16   

 IEEE Poland Section Computational Intelligence Society Chapter   

 Co-organiser and sponsor: University of Social Sciences in Lodz, Poland      

 Venue  
 The conference is organized in Poland's premier mountain resort Zakopane, the beautiful and picturesque capital of the Polish High Tatra Mountains. Even though Zakopane is called Poland's winter capital, it is an excellent place to visit in spring. Situated at the foot of the Tatra Mountains and the Tatra National Park (with Poland's highest peak, Rysy mountain (2499m)), it offers you a chance to hike on over 240km of marked hiking trails for beginners as well as experienced climbers and explore caves (accessible only in summer). The town boasts many historic monuments, museums, art galleries and exhibitions. On your way to Zakopane you may visit Cracow, one of the most historic Polish cities, with a wonderfully preserved old city center and the largest medieval square in Europe.  
 Information about Zakopane  Discover Zakopane  Zakopane.pl  Zakopane tourist information: (+48) (18) 20-122-11  
 Information about Krakow  krakow.pl  Cracow tourist information: (+48) (12) 422 60 91, (+48) (12) 421 77 06  
 Information about Poland  poland.pl  poland.com  Polish National Tourist Office  lonely planet   

 Conference site  
 The ICAISC Conference will be held in the Bachleda Kasprowy Zakopane Hotel****. The address of the center is:  
 Bachleda Kasprowy Zakopane Hotel  ul. Szymaszkowa  34-500 Zakopane  Poland  Tel: +48 18 202 40 00    
   
 How to reach Zakopane  
 Zakopane is linked with Cracow by a 100 km highway known as the Zakopianka and a railroad. The road journey should take about 2 hours. There are several bus lines connecting the towns. You can reach Zakopane by bus from many locations by e.g. FlixBus https://www.flixbus.pl/autobusy/zakopane  . There are airports in Cracow  (Kraków) and Warsaw (Warszawa, 450 km from Zakopane). There are several flights a day between Warsaw and Cracow ( LOT Polish Airlines  ). Alternatively, you can use a train from Warsaw to get to Cracow or directly to Zakopane ( Polish State Railways Time-table  ). There are several car rental operators at the Cracow airport as well as the Warsaw airport:  
  
 Company | Phone | Fax 
 Avis | (+48)(12) 639-32-89 / (+48)(12) 629 61 09 | (+48)(12) 639-32-89 
 National | (+48)(12) 285-50-25 | (+48)(12) 637-00-89 
 Europcar | (+48)(12) 285-50-45 | (+48)(12) 285-50-45 
  
 From Cracow to Zakopane  From Balice Airport in Cracow you have to get to the Cracow PKP Railway Station area to take a bus to Zakopane. To do so you can:  
 call a taxi (phone numbers e.g. 9661 or 9622 in Cracow) cost apr 40 PLN, 
  or take a bus number 192 or 208 (ticket is less than 3 PLN). 
   
 When you arrive in Cracow you do not need to book a bus to Zakopane as there are frequent shuttle buses to Zakopane, which leave apr. every 40 min. from the area of the PKP Railway Station. The Cracow-Zakopane line is serviced by Szwagropol, trans-Frej and PKS companies. The ticket costs apr. 10 PLN. Alternatively you can use a train but the train is slower ( Polish State Railways Time-table  ).  
   
 How to reach ICAISC from Zakopane  
 Participants who arrive in Zakopane are advised to take a private mini-bus (or a taxi) in the direction to Bachleda Kasprowy Zakopane Hotel. The cost of taxi is apr. 30PLN. You can call a taxi from a payphone (phone number in Zakopane: 919 or (+48)(20) 66666).  

 Copyright © 2024 - Polish Neural Network Society. All rights reserved.