Skip to main content    
 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  
   
 OK      

 This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.  

 International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs - ICCHP 24, JKU Linz, Austria, July 8 -12, 2024  

 Slide 0 
  Slide 1 
  Slide 2 
  Slide 3 

  Previous    Next     

 User menu  Toggle       Home 
  Key Dates 
  Registration/Submission 

 Search form  
   Search      
 Search    

  Main navigation  Toggle navigation       Welcome | Welcome (Chairs) 
  Attend | Registration & Fees 
  On-Site 
  Accessibility 
  Social events 
  News 
  Program | Program-24 
  Keynotes 
  Workshops 
  YRC 
  About | Key Dates 
  Topics 
  Committees 
  Organisers 
  Contribute | Call and Submissions 
  Special Thematic Sessions 
  Science, Research and Engineering 
  Innovation Area 
  Young Researchers' Consortium 
  Award 
  Cooperate | Get involved 
  Co-Operating Organizations 
  Sponsors 
  Conference Partners 
  Contact 

 Welcome 
  Welcome from the Conference Chair 
   Welcome from the Conference Chair  

 Welcome to ICCHP 24,  
 the 19th "International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs"!  
 Last ICCHP was a great successful in-person event, and it showed that Covid-19 crisis was gradually becoming a thing of the past.  
 It was indeed a pleasure to see each other and engage fruitful discussions.  
 Following that memorable event, we are delighted to announce the 19th vibrant biennial conference, returning to our home in LINZ!  
 Since its inception in 1989, ICCHP has contributed a lot of research findings to various areas such as accessibility, inclusion, eAccessibility and Assistive Technology. Despite change of times and technologies, our goal and mission remain unchanged:  
 To make ICT more accessible and tailoring assistive technology and services to promote inclusion and participation in all aspects of society.  
 Personally, my first ICCHP experience was in 2000, over twenty years ago. Back then, there were no smartphones, no social networking services, and no practical artificial intelligences. Over time, technology has evolved dramatically.  
 Nowadays, “everyone” uses various SNS on their smartphones, often with AI-driven recommendations.  
  However, even in this cutting-edge era, or perhaps because of it, various accessibility issues still persist.  
 To address and resolve such challenges, I am confident that ICCHP is the ideal platform. Here, you can find research companions, discuss your issues, and establish a global human network even more valuable than AI.  
 We warmly invite you to participate in this remarkable conference and share your ideas. We eagerly await your contributions and presence.  
 Come and get involved, develop your network!  
  
 Kobayashi.png   

  Makoto Kobayashi  
  Tsukuba University of Technology, Japan  
  General Chair ICCHP 2024  

 Follow Us  

  ICCHP - International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs run in co-operation with JKU  ,  MUNI  and Austrian Computer Society  .  
 Data Protection and Cookie Policy  | Imprint  | Terms & Conditions   
    
 Staff Login