Skip to content      
 25 th  International Conference on Computational Science  
  
 7-9 July 2025 • Singapore  

      Menu   Home 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Important Dates 
  Meeting Information | Meeting Format 
  Previous ICCS 
  Registration 
  Organisers | ICCS Organisers 
  Program | Keynote Lectures 
  Workshops 
  Contacts | Contacts 

 ICCS 2025 – Singapore  
 New in ICCS   
 Paper submission | is open. 
  Call for | new Workshops | is now open. 
    
 “Making Complex Systems tractable through Computational Science”  
 The International Conference on Computational Science  is an annual conference that brings together researchers and scientists from mathematics and computer science as basic computing disciplines, as well as from other various application areas, who are pioneering computational methods in sciences such as physics, chemistry, life sciences, and engineering, as well as in arts and humanitarian fields, to discuss problems and solutions in the area, identify new issues, and shape future directions for research.  
 ICCS 2025 in Singapore, will be the twenty-fifth edition in this series of highly successful conferences.  
 Since its inception in 2001, ICCS has attracted increasingly higher quality and numbers of attendees and papers. The average attendance each year is about 350 participants. The proceedings series have become a major intellectual resource for computational science researchers and serve to define and advance the state of the art of the field. An archive of the previous meetings is available through the Previous ICCS conferences page  .  
 Out of the submitted full papers to the main conference and workshops, we will select some 30% high-quality papers for presentation at the conference and publication in the proceedings. These are published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series  and indexed by Scopus, EI Engineering Index, Thomson Reuters Conference Proceedings Citation Index (included in ISI Web of Science), and several other indexing services  . The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers.  
 As the conference theme this year is “Making Complex Systems tractable through Computational Science”  , papers highlighting the role of Computational Science in tackling the complex problems of today and tomorrow are particularly welcome.  
 This conference will be a unique event focusing on recent developments in: scalable scientific algorithms; advanced software tools; computational grids; advanced numerical methods; and novel application areas. These innovative novel models, algorithms and tools drive new science through efficient application in areas such as physical systems, computational and systems biology, environmental systems, finance, and others.  
 ICCS is co-organised with the Workshops on Computational Science, a set of thematic satellite events that focus on particular aspects of computational science. These workshops provide a way to explore novel areas of computational science and bring communities together around particular sub-topics of the field. For more information please see the call for workshops.  
 ICCS is committed to enhancing diversity and inclusion in the conference, without regard to race, age, religion, ethnicity, nationality, ability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or gender expression.  
 We look forward to welcoming you to ICCS 2025 in Singapore!  

 Organisers  

 Corporate Supporters  

 Facebook 
  Twitter 

 © 2024 • International Conference on Computational Science