ICDCN  2023    
  24th International Conference On Distributed Computing And Networking    
  4-7th January, 2023   |  Department of Computer Science and Engineering, IIT Kharagpur     
    
 In-Cooperation with   

 Home   About  Important Dates  Latest Updates  Sponsors    
   
 Conference Organization   Organizing Committee  Technical Program Committee  Reviewers for Invited Papers    
   
 Calls For Submission   Call for Regular Papers  Call for Tutorials  Call for Workshops  Call for Demonstrations  Call for Posters  Call for Doctoral Symposium    
   
 Program   Accepted Papers  Detailed Schedule    
   
 Speakers   Keynote Speakers  Industry Speakers  Tutorials    
   
 Participate   Registration  Travel Grant  Hotel Information  Local Information  Format    
   
 Panel  Workshops  Sponsorship  Camera Ready Instructions    
 Call For Regular Papers  

 The International Conference on Distributed Computing and Networking (ICDCN) addresses advances in Distributed Computing and Communication Networks. At its 24th edition, ICDCN is a leading forum for disseminating the latest research results in these fields.  
  ICDCN 2023 Organizing Committee is planning for an in-person conference and encourages the authors to participate physically; however, we understand that the pandemic situation is not over yet. Therefore, depending on the situation during the conference time, remote participation and online presentation may be allowed under special circumstances.   

  Scope  
  
  Papers describing original research work and practical experiences/experimental results are solicited on topics that include, but are not limited to: Next-generation Networks and Services 
  Ad-hoc, Sensor, PAN and Mesh Networks 
  Backscatter and Ultra-low Power Networks 
  Intent-based Networking and Zero-configuration Networks 
  Information-centric and Content-based Networking 
  Blockchains in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Cloud Computing and Big Data Processing 
  Cognitive Networking 
  Distributed Algorithms: Design, Analysis, and Complexity 
  Distributed Embedded Systems 
  Distributed Operating Systems and Database Systems 
  Distributed Quantum Computing 
  Edge Computing and Mobile Offloading 
  Energy-efficient and Sustainable Networking 
  Fault-tolerance, Reliability, and Availability of Distributed Systems 
  Formal Methods for Distributed Systems 
  High performance Computing and Grid Computing 
  Internet of Things and Cyber Physical Systems 
  Internetworking Protocols & Internet Applications 
  Machine Learning in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Mobile Crowdsensing and Social Networks 
  Network Function Virtualization and Software Defined Networking 
  Overlay and Peer-to-peer Networking and Services 
  Pervasive and Mobile Computing 
  Pricing and Network Economics 
  Scalable Distributed Systems 
  Security, Privacy and Game Theory in Distributed Computing and Networking 
  Self-organization, Self-stabilization, and Autonomic Computing 
  UAV Networks and Mobile Robots 
  Vehicular Networks, Smart Grids and Smart City Applications 
   
  The proceedings of ICDCN 2023 along with all the satellite events (posters, demo, workshops, etc.) will be published by The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS) and will be indexed by ACM, DBLP, Scopus, and other indexing bodies. The proceedings will be available through ACM digital library.  

  Important Dates  
 (All the deadlines are in AoE)  
  
  Abstract submission: 8th July, 2022  July 25, 2022 (Deadline Extended and this is firm deadline)  
  Paper submission: 8th July, 2022  July 25, 2022 (Deadline Extended and this is firm deadline)  
  Notifications: 18th September, 2022  
  Camera Ready Papers: 31st October, 2022  

  Submission Instructions  
  
  Regular Papers should not exceed 10 pages double column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. Regular papers may additionally include a clearly marked Appendix with all the additional details required to validate the results (including technical proofs and experimental results that did not fit in the 10 pages). Short Papers should not exceed 5 pages double column including figures, tables, and references in standard ACM format. Submissions in LaTeX and must use the official ACM Master article template acmart.cls, version of 1.80 or greater, using the following documentclass instruction: \documentclass[sigconf,authordraft]{acmart}   
  Camera Ready instructions:  
  Page limit for regular papers camera ready submission is 10 pages.  
  Page limit for short papers camera ready submission is 5 pages.  
   
  At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper. All papers must be submitted through the easychair portal using the URL link below: .  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icdcn23  

  Best Paper Award  
  
  Extended versions of selected best papers from ICDCN 2023 will be invited for fast track publications in the Elsevier’s Pervasive and Mobile Computing (PMC) Journal. The conference will consider awarding Best Paper Awards.