Scope 
  Register 
  Accepted Papers 
  Keynotes 
  Program 
  Proceedings 
  Venue 
  Important Dates 
  Submit 
  Committee 
  Sponsors 

 The 27 th  International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems   
  
  14 - 16 June 2023 - Toulouse, France   

 Benh LIEU SONG  , CC BY-SA 3.0  , via Wikimedia Commons    
 Welcome to the website of the 27th International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems (ICECCS 2023)  
  
 The 27th International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems (ICECCS 2023) is a well-established event that has been held around the world for over 25 years. Over the past years, we have seen a rapidly rising emphasis on the design, implementation and management of complex computer systems which are present in every aspect of human activities, such as manufacturing, communications, defence, transportation, aerospace, hazardous environments, energy, and healthcare. These complex systems are frequently distributed over heterogeneous networks and process a large amount of data. Complexity arises from many factors, including the dynamic environment and the scenarios these systems operate in, demanding and sometimes conflicting requirements in functionality, efficiency, scalability, security, dependability and adaptability, as well as the wide range of development methodologies, programming languages and implementation details. Performance, real-time behaviour, fault tolerance, security, adaptability, development time and cost, and long life concerns are some of the key issues arising in the development of such systems.  
 The goal of this conference is to bring together industrial, academic, and government experts from a variety of application domains and software disciplines, to discuss how the disciplines' problems and solution techniques interact within the whole system. Researchers, practitioners, tool developers and users, and technology transfer experts are all welcome. The scope of the conference includes long-term research issues, near-term requirements and challenges, established complex systems, emerging promising tools, and retrospective and prospective reflections of research and development into complex systems.  
 ICECCS is an A-ranked  international conference by the Computing Research and Education Association of Australasia (CORE)  2018 ranking.  
  We look forward to your contribution and participation.  

 Important Dates  
  
 Abstract Submissions Due: 08 December 2022  16 January 2023    
 Full Paper Submissions Due: 15 December 2022  16 January 2023    
 Acceptance/Rejection Notification: 15 March 2023   
 Camera-ready Due: 15 April 2023   
 Conference date: 14-16 June 2023   

 Scope and Topics  
  
 Authors are invited to submit papers describing original, unpublished research results, case studies and tools. Papers are solicited in all areas related to complex computer-based systems, including the causes of complexity and means of avoiding, controlling, or coping with complexity. Topic areas include, but are not limited to:  
   
 Requirements analysis and specification 
  Verification and validation 
  SAT/SMT solvers for software analysis and testing 
  Security and privacy of complex systems 
  Model-driven development 
  Reverse engineering and refactoring 
  Software architecture 
  Ambient intelligence, pervasive computing 
  Ubiquitous computing, context awareness, sensor networks 
    
 Human Machine Interaction 
  Big data management 
  Agile methods 
  Safety-critical and fault-tolerant architectures 
  Adaptive, self-managing and multi-agent systems 
  Cyber-physical systems and Internet of Things (IoT) 
  Industrial case studies 

 Different kinds of contributions are sought, including novel research, lessons learned, experience reports, and discussions of practical problems faced by industry and user domains. The ultimate goal is to build a rich and comprehensive conference program that can fit the interests and needs of different classes of attendees: professionals, researchers, managers, and students. A program goal is to organize several sessions that include both academic and industrial papers on a given topic and culminate panels to discuss relationships between industrial and academic research.  

 Full Papers  
 Full papers are divided into two categories: Technical Papers and Experience Reports. The papers submitted to both categories will be reviewed by the program committee members, and papers accepted in either category will be published in the conference proceedings. The proceedings of ICECCS 2023 will be published by Conference Publishing Services (CPS). Technical papers should describe original research, and experience reports should present practical projects carried out in the industry, and reflect on the lessons learnt from them.  
  Short Papers  
 Short paper submissions describe early-stage, ongoing or PhD research. All short papers will be reviewed by the program committee members, and accepted short papers will be published in the conference proceedings.  
  Submission and Publication  
  
 Submissions to the conference must not have been published or be concurrently considered for publication elsewhere. All submissions will be judged on the basis of originality, contribution to the field, technical and presentation quality, and relevance to the conference.  
 Submitted manuscripts should be in English and formatted in the style of the double-column Conference Publishing Services (CPS) format. Full papers should not exceed 10 pages, and short papers should not exceed 6 pages, including figures, references, and appendices. All submissions should be in PDF format. Submissions not adhering to the specified format and length may be rejected immediately, without review.  
 Please prepare your manuscripts in accordance to the ( Conference Publishing Services (CPS) guidelines  ). We invite all prospective authors to submit their manuscripts via the ICECCS'23 portal, hosted on EasyChair  .  
   
  Access submission portal   

 Registration  
  
 ICECCS registration fee covers: | conference proceedings and program, access to conference sessions, coffee breaks and lunchs during the conference, and gala dinner. 
   
 Registration Fees  
  
 Registration type | Amount 
 Author Registration (before 25th April) | 600 € 
 Early Normal Registration (no later than 15 May) | 600 € 
 Late Normal Registration (after 15 May) | 650 € 
  
 Extras  
  
 Extra ticket for gala dinner | 60 € 
 Extra ticket for visit | 30 € 
  
 Registration Instruction  
 Go to the registration page and follow the instructions to fill in all sections of the registration form.  
 Registration    

 Registration will be definitive only after reception of the payment.   
  Note  
 Accompanying persons cannot attend scientific sessions. 
  Accompanying persons can participate to the gala dinner for an additional fees of 60€. 
  Accompanying persons can participate to the visit for an additional fees of 30€. 
  Please register your accompanying person directly through your Conftool profile. 
  Payment and conditions for cancellation  
 Payment  
 Credit card: | Secured Paybox Services 
  Order form (Bon de commande): | (only for French organizations) : send a copy of your order form by email to | iceccs2023@toulouse-inp.fr 
  Check: | (only for French organizations) to the order of "Mr l'Agent Comptable de l'INPT - SAIC – ICECCS2023" sent to INP - SAIC " ICECCS2023" - 6, Allée Emile Monso BP 34038 - 31029 Toulouse Cedex 4 - France 
  Bank transfer: | send a copy of your bank transfer by email to | iceccs2023@toulouse-inp.fr | (See bank account details at the end of this page). 
   
  Payment by check or bank transfer shall be made before 2 June, 2023.  
  If you need an invoice, please send a request by email to  iceccs2023@toulouse-inp.fr  Conditions for cancellation  
 Cancellations must be made by writing to  iceccs2023@toulouse-inp.fr  The registration of participation is binding. 
  Cancellation must be made in writing to | iceccs2023@toulouse-inp.fr 
  For any cancellation received before the 26th May 2023, registration fees will be reimbursed less 50€ for handling fees. No reimbursement will be made for cancellation received after the 27th May 2023. 
  Participation is not guaranteed until full payment of the registration fee is received. 
  Organizer/University Information   
  University: Institut National Polytechnique de Toulouse (INPT)  
  SIRET: 19311381800127  
  Code NAF (APE) : 8542Z "Enseignement Supérieur"  
  VAT number : FR42193113818  
   
  Bank Account Information   
  Account name : « INPT – Agent comptable »  
  Bank address: Trésorerie Générale - Place Occitane - 31029 Toulouse Cedex FRANCE  
  Phone : +33 (0)5 61 26 55 35  
  Bank code: 10071 - Code Guichet: 31000  
  Account number: 10071 / 31000 / 00001001328  
  Key : 85  
  IBAN : FR76 / 1007 /1310 / 0000 / 0010 0132 885  
  BIC : TRPUFRP1  

 ICECCS 2023 Accepted Papers  
 Full Papers  
 Supervised Robustness-preserving Data-free Neural Network Pruning | Mark Huasong Meng, Guangdong Bai, Sin G. Teo and Jin Song Dong 
  Automated Compositional Verification for Robotic State Machines using Isabelle/HOL | Fang Yan, Simon Foster and Ibrahim Habli 
  Quantitative Explainable AI For Face Verification | Shu Peng, Naipeng Dong and Guangdong Bai 
  Stability-aware Exploration of Design Space of Autonomous Robots for Goods Delivery | Mauricio Byrd Victorica, Paolo Arcaini, Fuyuki Ishikawa, Hirokazu Kawamoto, Kaoru Sawai and Eiichi Muramoto 
  An Experience Report on the Optimization of the Product Configuration System of Renault | Hao Xu, Souheib Baarir, Tewfik Ziadi, Siham Essodaigui, Yves Bossu and Lom Messan Hillah 
  Validating communication of a dynamic traffic management system | Jeroen Verbakel, Wan Fokkink, Joanna Van de Mortel and Jacobus Rooda 
  Formal alignment of requirements models with high-level architecture models | Racem Bougacha, Régine Laleau and Simon Collart-Dutilleul 
  AutoMTLSpec: Learning to Generate MTL Specifications from Natural Language Contracts | Ning Ge, Jinwen Yang and Tianyu Yu 
  RPA testing using concolic execution | Ciprian Paduraru, Marina Cernat and Adelina Staicu 
  Expiring opacity problems in parametric timed automata | Étienne André, Engel Lefaucheux and Dylan Marinho 
  Model Checking of Intersection Traffic Control Protocols | Yuya Noguchi and Tatsuhiro Tsuchiya 
  Specification and Verification of Communication Paradigms for CBSE in Event B | Loïc Thierry, Jason Jaskolka, Brahim Hamid and Jean-Paul Bodeveix 
  How to select samples for active learning? Document clustering with active learning methodology | Norbert Ropiak, Mateusz Gniewkowski, Michał Swędrowski, Michał Pogoda, Karol Gawron, Bartłomiej Bojanowski and Tomasz Walkowiak 
  Rapid Prototyping & Development Life Cycle for Smart Applications of Internet of Entities | Pierfrancesco Bellini, Daniele Bologna, Marco Fanfani, Luciano Alessandro Ipsaro Palesi, Paolo Nesi and Gianni Pantaleo 
  Utilizing Risk Number and Program Slicing to Improve Human-Machine Pair Inspection | Yujun Dai, Shaoying Liu, Guangquan Xu and Ai Liu 
  Certifying Semantic Robustness of Deep Neural Networks | Hao Bu and Meng Sun 
  Polyglot AST: Towards Enabling Polyglot Code Analysis | Philémon Houdaille, Djamel Eddine Khelladi, Romain Briend, Robbert Jongeling and Benoit Combemale 
  Ont4Sys: Ontology-based tool of Semantic Representation and Verification for Traceability Models | Qian Wang, Jing Liu, John Zhang, Hui Dou, Haiying Sun, Xiaohong Chen and Jifeng He 
  Reliability Analysis of Architectural Safeguards for AI-enabled Systems | Max Scheerer and Ralf Reussner 
  Short Papers  
 A Mathematical Model for Analyzing Honeynets and Their Cyber Deception Techniques | Amir Javadpour, Forough Ja'Fari, Tarik Taleb and Chafika Benzaid 
  Detecting Security Vulnerabilities in Human-Machine Pair Programming with Pointer Analysis | Pingyan Wang and Shaoying Liu 
  Reasoning for Physical Quantities, Units, and Measurements in Isabelle/HOL | Simon Foster and Burkhart Wolff Automated 

 Keynote Speakers  
 Ana Cavalcanti (University of York)   
 Title.  "Testing automation using RoboStar"   
  Abstract.  The RoboStar framework supports a model-based approach in the development of control software for robotics applications. It provides domain-specific tool-independent notations for modelling and simulation, and techniques for automatic generation of artefacts. In this talk, we focus on the RoboStar techniques for automatic test generation. We can generate tests using reactive design models described in a diagrammatic notation called RoboChart. These tests can be used for animation or converted for execution against simulations, either automatically generated or custom-developed. We target a well-established tool, RT-Tester, and simulations that use ROS (Robot Operating System). Conversion reflects a notion of correctness that compares reactive models to cyclic models that embed the paradigm of simulations, and provides traceability. We present the approach, and its foundations and applications.  
 Bio.  Ana Cavalcanti is a professor at the University of York and a Royal Academy of Engineering Chair in Emerging Technologies. She leads RoboStar, a centre of excellence on software engineering for robotics.  
  The RoboStar approach to model-based software engineering compliments the current practice of design and verification of mobile and autonomous robots, covering simulation, testing and proof. This approach is practical, supported by tools, and yet mathematically rigorous so that it can provide reliable evidence of trustworthiness.  
 Jin-Song Dong (National University of Singapore)   
 Title.  "Probabilistic Reasoning for Sports Analytics"   
  Abstract.  Sports analytics encompasses the utilization of data science, artificial intelligence (AI), psychology, and advanced Internet of Things (IoT) devices to enhance sports performance, strategy, and decision-making. This process involves the collection, processing, and interpretation of cloud-based data from a variety of sources, such as video recordings, performance metrics, and scouting reports. The resulting insights aid in evaluating player and team performance, preventing injuries, and supporting coaches and team managers in making well-informed decisions to optimize resources and achieve superior outcomes. One widely recognized formal method, Probabilistic Model Checking (PMC), has been conventionally employed in reliability analysis for intricate safety critical systems. For instance, the reliability of an aircraft can be determined by evaluating the reliability of its individual components, including the engine, wings, and sensors. Our groundbreaking approach applies PMC to a novel domain: Sports Strategy Analytics. As an example, the reliability (winning percentage) of a sports player can be ascertained from the reliability (success rate) of their specific sub-skill sets (e.g., serve, forehand, backhand, etc., in tennis). In this presentation, we will discuss our recent research work, which involves the application of PMC, machine learning, and computer vision to the realm of sports strategy analytics. At the end of the presentation, we will also discuss the vision of a new international sports analytics conference series https://formal-analysis.com/isace/2023/  ).  
 Bio.  Dr. Jin-Song Dong is a professor at the National University of Singapore. His research spans a range of fields, including formal methods, safety and security systems, probabilistic reasoning, sports analytics, and trusted machine learning. He co-founded the commercialized PAT verification system, which has garnered thousands of registered users from over 150 countries and received the 20-Year ICFEM Most Influential System Award. Jin Song also co-founded the commercialized trusted machine learning system Silas ( www.depintel.com  ). He has received numerous best paper awards, including the ACM SIGSOFT Distinguished Paper Award at ICSE 2020. He served on the editorial board of ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology, Formal Aspects of Computing, and Innovations in Systems and Software Engineering, A NASA Journal. He has successfully supervised 28 PhD students, many of whom have become tenured faculty members at leading universities worldwide. He is also a Fellow of the Institute of Engineers Australia. In his leisure time, Jin Song developed Markov Decision Process (MDP) models for tennis strategy analysis using PAT, assisting professional players with pre-match analysis (outperforming the world's best). He is a Junior Grand Slam coach and takes pleasure in coaching tennis to his three children, all of whom have reached the #1 national junior ranking in Singapore/Australia. Two of his children have earned NCAA Division 1 full scholarship, while his second son, Chen Dong, played #1 singles for Australia in the Junior Davis Cup and participated in both the Australian Open and US Open Junior Grand Slams.  
 Joao Marques-Silva (CNRS Reserch Director, IRIT Toulouse)   
 Title.  "Disproving XAI Myths with Formal Methods -- Initial Results"   
  Abstract.  The advances in machine learning (ML) in recent years have been both impressive and far-reaching. However, the deployment of ML models is still impaired by lack of trust on how the best-performing ML models make predictions. The issue of lack of trust is even more acute in the uses of ML models in high-risk or safety-critical domains. eXplainable artificial intelligence (XAI) is at the core of ongoing efforts for delivering trustworthy AI. Unfortunately, XAI is riddled with critical misconceptions, that foster distrust instead of building trust. This talk details some of the most visible misconceptions in XAI, and shows how formal methods have been used, both to disprove those misconceptions, but also to devise practically effective alternatives.  
 Bio.  Joao Marques-Silva is a CNRS Research Director (Directeur de Recherche), being affiliated with IRIT in Toulouse, France. He is also one of the Research Chairs of the Artificial and Natural Intelligence Toulouse Institute (ANITI). Before joining CNRS, IRIT and ANITI, Joao Marques-Silva held senior academic appointments at the University of Lisbon in Portugal, the University College Dublin in Ireland, and the University of Southampton in the United Kingdom. Dr. Marques-Silva is a Fellow of the IEEE, and he was a recipient of the 2009 CAV Award for fundamental contributions to the development of high-performance Boolean satisfiability solvers.  

 Program  
 Scientific and Social Programme of ICECCS 2023  
  
  Scientific and Social Programme   

 Proceedings  
 ICECCS 2023 Proceedings  
  
  Proceedings   

 Host City and Venue  
 The conference will be held in INP-ENSEEIHT  . It is located in the centre of Toulouse. It is easily accessible by metro from François Verdier station or Jean-Jaurès station.  
 ENSEEIHT Engineer school  
  2 Rue Charles Camichel  
  31071 Toulouse  
  
  Travel to Toulouse  
 By Plane   
  Toulouse can easily be reached by plane: The airport Toulouse-Blagnac (TLS)  is the 5th largest airport in France with over 6.5 million passengers per year. There are flights from 87 destinations serving 73 cities abroad.  
  The “Flybus” shuttle  bus service connects the airport to the city centre, even during weekends. The bus stops at the "Compans-Caffarelli" bus station. Alternatively, a tram (line T2) connects the airport to the city centre (stops are "Palais de Justice" and "Arènes"). The tram line runs every 15 min from 5:30 to 23:30, 7/7.  
 By Train   
  The main railway station in Toulouse is the Toulouse-Matabiau station. It is located in the city centre and is connected to the subway. You can reach most French cities with direct trains and even go to Barcelona.  
  Find out more   
 Public Transport   
  The city transport network ("Tisséo") includes 2 metro lines, 2 tram lines and 84 bus services. For those arriving by plane, a shuttle and a tram link the airport to the city centre and the train station.  
  Find out more   
 Hotels and Accommodation  
 INP-ENSEEIHT is located in the city center of Toulouse. There are many hotels in the surrounding area for accommodation. These hotels are: Hôtel Mercure Wilson*** 
  Hôtel Mercure Matabiau*** 
  Hôtel Les Capitouls Toulouse Centre**** 
  Hôtel Parthénon*** 
  Hôtel Holiday Inn Toulouse centre*** 
  Ibis Styles Capitole*** 
  Urban Style Hôtel Saint Claire*** 
  Hôtel Albert 1er** 
  Hôtel Saint-Sernin** 
  Hôtel - Villa du Taur**** 
  Hôtel Wilson Square** 
  Hôtel Ibis Gare Matabiau** 
  Hôtel Trianon Wilson** 
  Hôtel de Bordeaux, Toulouse** 
  Hôtel Victor Hugo** 
  Hôtel Riquet** 
  Hôtel Royal Wilson** 
  Hôtel Le Capitole** 
  Hôtel Le Cousture** 

 General Chair  
 Dominique Mery  , Université de Lorraine, France  
 Program Co-Chairs  
 Yamine Ait-Ameur  , IRIT-ENSEEIHT, Toulouse, France  
  Ferhat Khendek  , Concordia University, Montreal, Canada  
   
  Local Organising Co-Chairs  
 Guillaume Dupont  , IRIT-ENSEEIHT, Toulouse, France  
  Neeraj Kumar Singh  , IRIT-ENSEEIHT, Toulouse, France  
   
  Publicity Co-Chairs  
 Étienne André  , Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, France  
  Zhen You  , Jiangxi Normal University, China  
   
  Web and Publication Co-Chairs  
 Guillaume Dupont  , IRIT-ENSEEIHT, Toulouse, France  
  Neeraj Kumar Singh  , IRIT-ENSEEIHT, Toulouse, France  
   
  Program Committee Members  
 Yamine Ait Ameur  , IRIT/INPT-ENSEEIHT, France  
  Étienne André  , Université Sorbonne Paris Nord, France  
  Cyrille Valentin Artho  , KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden  
  Christian Attiogbé  , L2N - Université de Nantes, France  
  Guangdong Bai  , University of Queensland, Australia  
  Hadrien Bride  , Griffith University, Australia  
  Lei Bu  , Nanjing University, China  
  Yuting Chen  , Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China  
  Sylvain Conchon  , Universite Paris-Sud, France  
  Florin Craciun  , Babes-Bolyai University, Romania  
  Juergen Dingel  , Queen's University, Canada  
  Guillaume Dupont  , IRIT-ENSEEIHT,France  
  Flavio Ferrarotti  , Software Competence Centre Hagenberg, Austria  
  John Fitzgerald  , Newcastle University, United Kingdom  
  Marc Frappier  , Université de Sherbrooke, Canada  
  Ning Ge  , Beihang University, China  
  Sebastien Gerard  , CEA, LIST, France  
  Sudipto Ghosh  , Colorado State University, USA  
  Brahim Hamid  , IRIT- University of toulouse, France  
  Thai Son Hoang  , University of Southampton, United Kingdom  
  Hiroshi Hosobe  , Hosei University, Japan  
  Zhe Hou  , Griffith University, Australia  
  Fuyuki Ishikawa  , National Institute of Informatics, Japan  
  Ferhat Khendek  , Concordia University, Canada  
  Kenji Kono  , Keio University, Japan  
  Kung-Kiu Lau  , The University of Manchester, United Kingdom  
  Scott Uk-Jin Lee  , Hanyang University, Korea  
  Michael Leuschel  , University of Düsseldorf, Germany  
  Shang-Wei Lin  , Nanyang Technological University, Singapore  
  Yun Lin  , Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China  
  Yang Liu  , Nanyang Technological University, Singapore  
  Shaoying Liu  , Hiroshima University, Japan  
  Gerald Luettgen  , University of Bamberg, Germany  
  Lei Ma  , University of Alberta, Canada  
  Frederic Mallet  , Universite Nice Sophia-Antipolis, France  
  Tiziana Margaria  , Lero, Ireland  
  Dominique Mery  , Université de Lorraine, France  
  Weikai Miao  , East China Normal University, China  
  Stefan Mitsch  , Carnegie Mellon University, USA  
  Rosemary Monahan  , Maynooth University, Ireland  
  Sadaf Mustafiz  , Ryerson University, Canada  
  Fumiko Nagoya  , College of Commerce, Nihon University, Japan  
  Shin Nakajima  , National Institute of Informatics, Japan  
  Manuel Núñez  , Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain  
  Laure Petrucci  , Université Paris 13, France  
  Salah Sadou  , IRISA, University of South Brittany, France  
  Gwen Salaün  , University of Grenoble Alpes, France  
  Wuwei Shen  , Western Michigan Univarsity, USA  
  Neeraj Kumar Singh  , IRIT-ENSEEIHT, Toulouse, France  
  Meng Sun  , Peking University, China  
  Jing Sun  , University of Auckland, New Zealand  
  Jun Sun  , Singapore Management University, Singapore  
  Maurice ter Beek  , ISTI-CNR, Pisa, Italy  
  Ferdian Thung  , Singapore Management University, Singapore  
  Tatsuhiro Tsuchiya  , Osaka University, Japan  
  Tullio Vardanega  , University of Padua, Italy  
  Hai H. Wang  , University of Aston, United Kingdom  
  Shi Lin Wang  , Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China  
  Hironori Washizaki  , Waseda University, Japan  
  Burkhart Wolff  , Univ. Paris-Saclay, France  
  Zhilin Wu  , Chinese Academy of Sciences, China  
  Yinxing Xue  , University of Science and Technology of China, China  
  Fatiha Zaidi  , Univ. Paris-Sud, France  
  Chenyi Zhang  , Jinan University  
  Jianjun Zhao  , Kyushu University, Japan  
  Junjun Zheng  , Osaka University, Japan  
  Tewfik Ziadi  , Sorbonne Université-CNRS 7606, LIP6, France  
   
  Steering Committee  
 Jin Song Dong  , National University of Singapore, Singapore  
  Mike Hinchey  , University of Limerick, Ireland  
  Xiaohong Li  , Tianjin University, China  
  Shaoying Liu  , Hiroshima University, Japan  
  Mauro Pezze  , University in Lugano, Switzerland  
  Roy Sterritt  , Ulster University, United Kingdom  
  Jing Sun (Chair)  , University of Auckland, New Zealand  

 Contact Us  
  
  Yamine Ait-Ameur  

  yamine@enseeiht.fr   

 Sponsors  

 Copyright © ICECCS 2023