Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   ICLR | Help/FAQ 
  Contact ICLR 
  Downloads 
  ICLR Blog 
  Code of Conduct 
  Privacy Policy 
  Create Profile 
  Reset Password 
  Journal To Conference Track 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Proceedings at OpenReview 
  Future Meetings 
  Press 
  Exhibitor Information 
  ICLR Twitter 
  About ICLR 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2023) | 2025 
  2024 
  2023 
  2022 
  2021 
  2020 
  2019 
  2018 
  2017 
  2016 
  2015 
  2014 
  2013 
  Dates 
  Calls | Call for Papers 
  Call for Tiny Papers 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Blog Posts 
  Call for Socials 
  Guides | Author Guide 
  Reviewer Guide 
  Area Chair Guide 
  Attend | Register 
  Visa and Travel Information 
  Hotels 
  Child Care 
  Visiting Kigali 
  Code of Conduct 
  Organization | ICLR Board 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Reviewers 
  Ethics Committee 
  About ICLR 
  Conference Site 

  2023 - Call For Papers   
 Hybrid (physical and virtual) conference, Mon May 1st through Fri the 5th  
 We invite submissions to the 11th International Conference on Learning Representations, and welcome paper submissions from all areas of machine learning.        
 For any information needed that is not listed below, please submit questions using this link:             https://iclr.cc/Help/Contact         .        
 Key dates        
 The planned dates are as follow:        
 Abstract submission: Sept 21 (Anywhere on Earth) 
  Submission date: Sept 28 (Anywhere on Earth) 
  Reviews released: Nov 4 
  Final decisions: Jan 20 
  Subject Areas`        
 We consider a broad range of subject areas including feature learning, metric learning, compositional modeling, structured prediction, reinforcement learning, and issues regarding large-scale learning and non-convex optimization, as well as applications in vision, audio, speech , language, music, robotics, games, healthcare, biology, sustainability, economics, ethical considerations in ML, and others.        
 A non-exhaustive list of relevant topics:        
 unsupervised, semi-supervised, and supervised representation learning 
  representation learning for planning and reinforcement learning 
  representation learning for computer vision and natural language processing 
  metric learning and kernel learning 
  sparse coding and dimensionality expansion 
  hierarchical models 
  optimization for representation learning 
  learning representations of outputs or states 
  optimal transport 
  theoretical issues in deep learning 
  societal considerations of representation learning including fairness, safety, privacy, and interpretability, and explainability 
  visualization or interpretation of learned representations 
  implementation issues, parallelization, software platforms, hardware 
  climate, sustainability 
  applications in audio, speech, robotics, neuroscience, biology, or any other field 
  Double blind reviewing        
 Submissions will be double blind: reviewers cannot see author names when conducting reviews, and authors cannot see reviewer names. This means that the submission must not contain acknowledgements or any link (e.g., github) that would reveal authors’ identity.        
 We use       OpenReview         to host papers and allow for public discussions that can be seen by all, comments that are posted by reviewers will remain anonymous. The program will include oral presentations and posters of accepted papers.        
 Authors can revise their paper as many times as needed up to the paper submission deadline. Changes to the paper will not be allowed while the paper is being reviewed. During the discussion phase (between area chairs, reviewers and authors), edits will again be allowed; a       pdfdiff         will be done against the submission at the paper submission deadline. Area chairs and reviewers reserve the right to ignore changes that are significant from the original scope of the paper. As in the past four years, workshops will have their own organization and call for contributions.        
 Submission Instructions        
 This year we are asking authors to submit paper abstracts by the abstract submission deadline of Sept 21, 2022. Please note that no changes on the authors and their orders can be made after the abstract submission deadline. Also please make sure that all authors have an OpenReview profile with the latest information. Abstracts submitted by the abstract submission deadline must be genuine, placeholder or duplicate abstracts will be removed.        
 The full paper submission deadline is Sept 28, 2022. Abstracts and papers must be submitted using the conference submission system at:             https://openreview.net/group?id=ICLR.cc/2023/Conference         . The submission site will be open on Aug 22, 2022.        
 Paper length        
 There will be a strict upper limit of 9 pages for the main text of the submission, with unlimited additional pages for citations. This page limit applies to both the initial and final camera ready version.         
 Authors may use as many pages of appendices (after the bibliography) as they wish, but reviewers are not required to read the appendix. 
  The optional ethic statement will not count toward the page limit, but should not be more than 1 page. | (see Author 
  The optional reproducibility statement will not count toward the page limit, but should not be more than 1 page. 
  The optional acknowledgment will not count toward the page limit, but should not be more than 1 page. 
         
 Style files and Templates        
 To prepare your submission to ICLR 2023, please use the LaTeX style files provided at:        
 https://github.com/ICLR/Master-Template/raw/master/iclr2023.zip          
 Authors are strongly encouraged to participate in the public discussion of their paper, as well as of any other paper submitted to the conference. Submissions and reviews are both anonymous. For detailed instructions about the format of the paper, please visit       www.iclr.cc         .        
        
 Reviewing Process        
 Submissions to ICLR are uploaded on OpenReview, which enables public discussion. Official reviews are anonymous and publicly visible. During the public discussion phase, anybody who is logged in can post comments that are publicly visible, or restrict visibility to reviewers and up, ACs and up, or just PCs. In addition, the author of a comment can decide to post anonymously or not. Login is required before posting any comment. 
  Once reviews have been posted, authors are encouraged to revise their paper until the paper submission deadline. Authors can participate in the discussion about their paper, as well as about any other paper submitted to the conference, at any time. 
  Full reviews are posted by Nov 4. Reviews are anonymous and publicly visible in Open Review. Once the reviews are posted, authors are free to upload modifications to the paper during the discussion period. 
  During the discussion period, if you choose to update the submission, a | pdfdiff | will be applied to compare new changes to the paper against the original submission. Area chairs and reviewers reserve the right to ignore changes that are significantly different from the original paper. In addition, during this period, any submission that is cited will be given an anonymous BibTex entry. 
  After discussion there will be an internal discussion period amongst reviewers and ACs with the aim of summarizing the review process, after which acceptance decisions are made. Papers that are not accepted will be considered non-archival, and may be submitted elsewhere (modified or not), although the OpenReview site will maintain the reviews, the comments, and links to the versions submitted to ICLR. 
  All submitted papers (accepted or rejected) will be deanonymized after the notification. The submissions and reviews will be released to the public. 
  Code of Conduct        
 All ICLR participants, including authors, are required to adhere to the ICLR code of conduct (       https://iclr.cc/public/CodeOfConduct         ). More detailed guidance for authors, reviewers, and all other participants will be made available in due course, and participation will require acknowledging and adhering to the provided guidelines.        
        
 Code of Ethics        
 All ICLR participants, including authors, are required to adhere to the ICLR Code of Ethics (       https://iclr.cc/public/CodeOfEthics         ). All authors of submitted papers are required to read the Code of Ethics, adhere to it, and explicitly acknowledge this during the submission process. The Code of Ethics applies to all conference participation, including paper submission, reviewing, and paper discussion.        
 Dual Submission Policy        
 Submissions that are identical (or substantially similar) to versions that have been previously published, or accepted for publication, or that have been submitted in parallel to this or other conferences, journals or archival workshops, are not allowed and violate our dual submission policy. However, papers that cite previous related work by the authors and papers that have appeared on non-peer reviewed websites (like arXiv) or that have been presented at workshops (i.e., venues that do not have publication proceedings) do not violate the policy. The policy is enforced during the whole reviewing process period. Submission of the paper to archival repositories such as arXiv is allowed.        
 To allow citation of papers that are under review at ICLR2023, OpenReview provides BibTeX entries that do not list the authors, but does give the title, year and url. Author names are revealed at the time of notification.        
 Withdrawal Policy        
 Authors have the right to withdraw papers from consideration at any time until paper notification. Before the paper submission deadline, if an author withdraws the paper it will be deleted from the OpenReview hosting site. However, note that after the paper submission deadline, if an author chooses to withdraw a submission, it will remain hosted by OpenReview in a publicly visible "withdrawn papers" section. Like on arXiv, submissions to ICLR cannot be deleted or modified. Withdrawn papers will be de-anonymized immediately.        

 Successful Page Load   
   
 ICLR uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal information. Our Privacy Policy » | Accept Cookies 

 The ICLR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  
 Sponsor / Exhibitor Information 
  Press 

 Contact  
  2710 E Corridor Dr, Appleton WI 54913  
  Email   
  Phone: +1-920-268-4789  

 ICLR Proceedings at OpenReview