Jump to Navigation    

 You are here  
 Home    
  ACM International Conference on Multimedia Retrieval (ICMR)  
   
 Date:   
 5 Jun 2012  to 8 Jun 2012     

 Location:   
 Hong Kong   

 Website:   
 http://www.icmr2012.org/index.html   

 Effectively and efficiently retrieving information based on user needs is one of the most exciting areas in multimedia research. The Annual ACM International Conference on Multimedia Retrieval (ICMR) offers a great opportunity for exchanging leading-edge multimedia retrieval ideas among researchers, practitioners and other potential users of multimedia retrieval systems. This conference, puts together the long-lasting experience of former ACM CIVR and ACM MIR series, is set up to illuminate the state of the arts in multimedia (text, image, video and audio) retrieval. ACM ICMR 2012 is soliciting original high quality papers addressing challenging issues in the broad field of multimedia retrieval. Topics of Interest (not limited to) • Content/semantic/affective based indexing and retrieval • Large-scale and web-scale multimedia processing • Integration of content, meta data and social network • Scalable and distributed search • User behavior and HCI issues in multimedia retrieval • Advanced descriptors and similarity metrics • Multimedia fusion • High performance indexing algorithms • Machine learning for multimedia retrieval • Ontology for annotation and search • 3D video and model processing • Large-scale summarization and visualization • Performance evaluation • Very large scale multimedia corpus • Navigation and browsing on the Web • Retrieval from multimodal lifelogs • Database architectures for storage and retrieval • Novel multimedia data management systems and applications • Applications in forensic, biomedical image and video collections  

 tags:   
 2012    
 asia    
 conference    

 Calendar 

 BACK TO TOP    

 Main menu  
 Home 
  About | Activities 
  Branches 
  Code of Conduct 
  Code of Ethics 
  Committees | Ambassador Committee 
  Discography Committee | International Bibliography of Discographies 
  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee 
  Organising Knowledge Committee 
  Technical Committee 
  Training & Education Committee | IASA Preservation Training Programme | IASA Preservation Training Programme: videos 
  Tutorials and Workshops offered by IASA 
  Broadcast Archives Section | Research Collections with Cold War-era Radio Materials 
  National Archives Section 
  Research Archives Section 
  Constitution 
  Executive Board | Executive Board elections | Election 2023 
  Previous Board members 
  History 
  Mailing list 
  Membership | Join IASA 
  Membership categories and benefits 
  Membership payments 
  Membership rates 
  Sustaining Members 
  Application Form 
  FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions 
  Conferences | Future Conferences 
  Past Conferences 
  Conference photo galleries 
  Conference planning | 1. About these Guidelines 
  2. Introduction to IASA conferences 
  3. Conference dates and duration 
  4. Joint conferences and solo conferences 
  5. Conference organizers’ responsibilities | 5.1 IASA EB procedure 
  5.2 Summary of conference responsibilities 
  5.3 Guidance for the local host 
  6. Conference planning committees and organization 
  7. Programme structure and content 
  8. Guidelines for chairpersons and speakers 
  9. Financial assistance for speakers 
  10. Payment of conference fees 
  11. Wrap-up 
  Appendix 1: Planning timeline 
  Appendix 2: Example of conference budget 
  Publications | IASA Journal 
  IASA Special and Technical Publications | An Archive Approach to Oral History 
  Ethical Principles for Sound & AV Archives 
  IASA Cataloguing Rules 
  Selection Criteria 
  Selection in Sound Archives 
  Sound Archives - Establishment & Development 
  TC 03 Safeguarding the Audio Heritage 
  TC 04 Production and Preservation of Digital Audio Objects 
  TC 05 Handling & Storage of AV Carriers 
  TC 06: Guidelines for the Preservation of Video Recordings 
  Guidelines for IASA Publications Translation 
  Awards | Honorary Members 
  IASA Award of Recognition 
  Research Grant 
  Travel Awards 
  Carl Fleischhauer Award 
  Dietrich Schüller Award for Audiovisual Training 
  Lars Gaustad Award 
  Policies | Copyright 
  National Discography 
  Legal Deposit | Audiovisual Legal Deposit register | AV legal deposit questionnaire 
  Technical Guidelines 
  Links | Europeana | Europeana Sounds Task Force 
  CCAAA 
  Joint Technical Symposium 
  Training events 
  Magnetic Tape Alert Project 
  UNESCO 
  World Day for Audiovisual Heritage 

 Search form  
 Search     

 IASA conference  
    
  IASA 55th Annual Conference    

 Want to join IASA?  
 Learn more about IASA   
  IASA activities   
  Want to join?   
  Membership categories   
  Membership rates   
  Application form   

 Member login  
 Username *      
 Password *      
 Request new password 

 Quick links  
 Contact 
  FAQ 
  Mailing list 
  Committees & Sections 
  Shop 
  Events listing 
  @iasa_web 
  Facebook page 
  Facebook group 
  Videos 

 Latest forum posts  
 Looking for a place to buy large size stylus (4-8 mil) in EU 
  Aviary issues 
  2023 ASRA conference call for papers 
    
 More    

 © International Association of Sound and Audiovisual Archives (IASA)  
  Translation not permitted without consent of IASA Executive Board  
 PRIVACY AND COOKIES  | TERMS OF USE  | CODE OF CONDUCT  | CONTACT US  | SITE MAP