iFM 2023   
 18th International Conference on integrated Formal Methods 13-15 November 2023, Leiden, the Netherlands  
 CONTACT  EVENTS  CALL FOR PAPERS iFM 2023  CALL FOR ARTIFACTS  FMAS 2023  PHD SYMPOSIUM    
   
 VENUE  COMMITTEES  KEYNOTES  REGISTRATION  PROGRAM  DATES    

 iFM 2023 Call for Papers  

 Objectives and scope  
 In the last decades, we have witnessed a proliferation of approaches that integrate several modelling, verification and simulation techniques, facilitating more versatile and efficient analysis of software-intensive systems. These approaches provide powerful support for the analysis of different functional and non-functional properties of the systems, complex interaction of components of different nature as well as validation of diverse aspects of system behaviour. The iFM conference series is a forum for discussing recent research advances in the development of integrated approaches to formal modelling and analysis. The conference covers all aspects of the design of integrated techniques, including language design, verification and validation, automated tool support and the use of such techniques in software engineering practice. To credit the effort of tool developers, we use EAPLS artifact badging  .  
 Areas of interest include (but are not limited to):  
 Formal and semi-formal modelling notations 
  Combining formal methods with different performance, simulation and system analysis techniques 
  Program verification, model checking, and static analysis 
  Theorem proving, decision procedures and SAT/SMT solving 
  Runtime analysis, monitoring and testing 
  Program synthesis 
  Modelling, analysis and synthesis of cyber-physical, hybrid, embedded, probabilistic, distributed or concurrent systems 
  Abstraction and refinement 
  Model learning and inference 
  Approaches to integrating formal methods into software engineering practice or industry 
  Approaches to integrating formal methods into standardisation or certification processes 
  Formal methods for AI 
  Tools and case studies supporting the integration of formal methods 
  Paper Categories  
 iFM 2023 solicits high-quality papers reporting research results and/or experience reports related to the overall theme of formal methods integration.  
 We accept papers in the following categories:  
 (1) Regular papers (limit 16 pages) on  
 original scientific research results 
  tools, their foundation and evaluations 
  applications of formal methods, including rigorous evaluations 
  (2) Short papers (limit 6 pages) on  
 any subject of interest in the area of formal methods that can be described with sufficient detail within the page limit 
  All page limits exclude the references. Appendices may be included, but they will only be read by a reviewer at their discretion.  
 Regular and short papers must be original, unpublished, and not submitted for publication elsewhere. Papers will undergo a thorough review process. Submissions will be judged on the basis of significance, relevance, correctness, originality, and clarity.  
 The submissions will be reviewed and selected for publication based on the above-mentioned criteria as well as suitability to the conference’s technical program.The review process is single blind.  
 Submission guidelines  
 Submissions for all categories should be made using the iFM 2023 EasyChair site:  
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ifm-2023   
 Submissions must be in PDF format, using the Springer LNCS style files.  
 Springer requires that authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines  and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX or for Word, for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers. After a paper is accepted, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to the authorship of the papers cannot be made.  
 The conference proceedings will be published in Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. A special issue of the Formal Aspects of Computing  journal is planned for extended versions of selected papers from iFM 2023. We will apply for a special issue of the Original Software Publication  track in Science of Computer Programming  (see EAPLS Artifact Badging below).  
 All accepted papers must be presented at the conference. At least one author of each accepted paper must register to the conference by the early registration date.  
 EAPLS Artifact Badging  
 Reproducibility of experiments is crucial to foster an atmosphere of open, reusable and trustworthy research. To improve and reward reproducibility and to give more visibility and credit to the effort of tool developers in our community, authors of accepted papers will be invited to submit possible artifacts associated with their paper for evaluation, and based on the level of reproducibility they will be awarded one or more badges. See https://eapls.org/pages/artifact_badges/  . Artifact submission is optional and the result of the artifact evaluation will not alter the paper’s acceptance decision.  
 To credit the effort of tool developers, we plan to apply for a special issue of the Original Software Publication  track in Science of Computer Programming  . Authors of selected artifacts will be invited to contribute to this issue.  
 iFM 2023 important dates  
  
 Abstract submission: | 10 June 2023 (extended, AoE  ) 
 Paper submission: | 15 June 2023 (extended, AoE  ) 
 Acceptance notification: | 10 August 2023 
 Camera-ready: | 14 September 2023 (extended, AoE  ) 
 Early registration: | from 1 September to 15 October 2023 
 Late registration: | from 16 October to 5 November 2023 
 iFM 2023 main conference: | 13-15 November 2023 

 Code of Conduct FME  © iFM 2023