IEEE.org    
   
 IEEE Xplore Digital Library    
   
 IEEE Standards    
   
 IEEE Spectrum    
   
 More Sites    

 IEEE IJCNN 2023       
 About | Venue 
  Topics 
  Organizing Committee 
  Key Dates 
  Call For Proposals 
  Conference Photos 
  Program | IJCNN 2023 Program 
  Program at a Glance 
  Award Winners 
  Keynotes 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Competition 
  Impacts of NSF Career Award Panel 
  Explainable AI Panel 
  CIS Events 
  INNS-Sponsored Events 
  Author Instructions | Presentation Information 
  Pre-Recorded Video Instructions 
  Special Sessions 
  Paper Submission Information 
  Final Paper Submission Instructions 
  Registration 
  Sponsor | Sponsoring Affiliates 
  Become a Sponsor 
  Travel and Grants | Visit Queensland 
  Accommodations 
  VISA 
  How To Get To IJCNN 2023 
  CIS Travel Grant 
  INNS Travel Grant 

 How To Get To IJCNN 2023  How To Get To IJCNN 2023  

 Gold Coast Airport  
 goldcoastairport.com.au   
 Gold Coast Airport at Coolangatta is one of Australia’s fastest growing airports and is the 5th busiest international airport in Australia.  
 Over 350 direct flights a week across Asia- Pacific connecting on to the Americas and Europe. 
  Daily non-stop flights from all major Australian cities including over 15 flights per day from Melbourne and 25 from Sydney. 
  Brisbane Airport to Gold Coast Convention Centre  
 https://translink.com.au/tickets-and-fares/ticket-types/business/go-event   
 Airtrain is the easy and stress free way to travel from Brisbane Airport express to the Gold Coast. Relax with Airtrain’s modern fleet of trains including Air-conditioning, free WiFi, restrooms on board and plenty of space for luggage. To change to the tram, simply change at Helensvale station to the G:link tram station.  
 Airtrain are currently offering a return for free* promotion when you book at airtrain.com.au. *T&Cs apply.  
 One of the G:link tram stations is the Broadbeach North station, which is located just 343 metres from the Gold Coast Convention & Exhibition Centre. For those unfamiliar with the Gold Coast, you can use our online journey planner to map out your journey to the centre and watch the video for how to use Airtrain and Tram.  
 Instructions to purchase:   
 Head to www.airtrain.com.au  
  Select the Book Tickets button  
  Select From destination as the Airport Domestic or Airport International  
  Select To destination as Brisbane and choose one of the following stations: Broadbeach South, Broadbeach North, Parkwood, Parkwood East, Gold Coast University Hospital, Griffith University, Queen Street, Nerang Street, Southport, Southport South, Broadwater Parklands, Main Beach, Surfers Paradise North, Cypress Avenue, Cavill Avenue, Surfers Paradise, Northcliffe, Florida Gardens  
  Select Return button  
  Choose departure and return date  
  Select the amount of passengers  
  Enter passenger details  
  Select Credit Card or Paypal  
  Enter payment details  
  Select the check boxes and press the Confirm booking button  
 Brisbane Airport  
 bne.com.au   
 41 domestic destinations served by 7 carriers. 
  BNE Domestic has an average of 3,750 flights per week. 
  28 international destinations served by 23 carriers (Europe, Americas, Asia-Oceania) 
  BNE International has an average of 588 flights per week. 
  Directions from the Brisbane Airport to the Gold Coast Convention Centre  
 https://www.airtrain.com.au/catch-airtrain-to/gold-coast-surfers-paradise   
 Light Rail Services  
 The 13-kilometre light rail corridor connects the Gold Coast University Hospital and Griffith University (Health and Knowledge precinct) to the fast growing commercial, retail, and recreational centres of Southport, Surfers Paradise and Broadbeach. It also connects directly to rail services to Brisbane and Brisbane airport.  
 The Gold Coast light rail provides delegates with a world-class public transport network and offers an economical new Conference Delegate 3-day pass for $12AUD ($9.00USD).  
   The light rail corridor services and connects the new Gold Coast University Hospital and Griffith University (Health and Knowledge precinct) to the fast growing commercial, retail and recreational centres of Southport, Surfers Paradise and Broadbeach. It also connects to heavy rail to Brisbane and Brisbane Airport at Helensvale station.  
 There are 18 stations along the corridor, with high-quality bus interchanges to Southport and Broadbeach.  
  The Gold Coast light rail provides delegates with a world-class public transport network providing unlimited travel on the light rail and the city bus system.  
  
 EVENT CARD FOR CONFERENCE DELEGATES 
 Price | $12 AUD for 3 days with the option of $4 AUD per each added day 
 Number of days | Minimum 3 - Maximum 8 days unlimited travel 
 Minimum purchase quantity | 50 cards per order 
 Order lead time | 4 weeks 
 Card expiry | Set to 2 days post-event 

 About  Venue 
  Topics 
  Organizing Committee 
    
 Program  Keynotes 
  Competition 
  IEEE Frank Rossenblatt Award Presenter 
    
 Key Dates    
 Paper Submission  Special Sessions 
    
 Call for Proposal    
 Sponsor  Sponsoring Affiliates 
  Become a Sponsor 
    
 Travel  Visit Queensland 
  Accommodations 
  How To Get To IJCNN 2023 
  Travel Grants 

 IEEE Links    IEEE Home 
  IEEE Sitemap/More Sites 
  IEEE Contact & Support 
  IEEE Accessibility Statement 
  IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
  IEEE Ethics Reporting 
  IEEE Privacy Policy 
    
 IEEE Home    
   
 IEEE Sitemap/More Sites    
   
 IEEE Contact & Support    
   
 IEEE Accessibility Statement    
   
 IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy    
   
 IEEE Ethics Reporting    
   
 IEEE Privacy Policy    

 This site is created, maintained, and managed by Conference Catalysts, LLC  .   
 Please feel free to contact us  for any assistance.   

 © Copyright 2024 IEEE - All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions  . A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.  

  About 
  Conference Photos 
  Program 
  Author Instructions 
  Registration 
  Sponsor 
  Travel and Grants