Jump to Content  Jump to Side Navigation Bar    
 University of Galway     
   
  Search      

 Menu     
 Courses | Undergraduate Courses 
  Postgraduate Taught Courses 
  Professional, Part-time and Evening Courses 
  PhDs and Research Masters 
  Online Courses 
  Micro-credentials 
  How to Apply 
  Fees & Funding 
  Modes of Study 
  Open Days 
  Scholarships 
       Courses  
 Choosing a course is one of the most important decisions you'll ever make! View our courses and see what our students and lecturers have to say about the courses you are interested in at the links below.  
 View Courses 
  University Life | Accommodation Advisory Service 
  Campus Activities 
  Student Support 
  Study Abroad 
  Global Galway 
  Mature Students 
  Students with Disabilities 
  Student Ambassador Programme 
  For Parents and Guardians 
  Access Student Information 
  Life in Galway 
       University Life  
 Each year more than 4,000 choose University of Galway as their University of choice. Find out what life at University of Galway is all about here.  
 Read about life at University of Galway 
  About University of Galway | News & Events 
  Strategy 2020-2025 
  Jobs 
  Press 
  Cois Coiribe (Publication) 
  Contact Us 
  University Leadership 
  Sustainability 
  Gift Shop 
  Open Day 
  Medtech 
  Journey 
       About University of Galway  
 Since 1845, University of Galway has been sharing the highest quality teaching and research with Ireland and the world. Find out what makes our University so special – from our distinguished history to the latest news and campus developments.  
 About University of Galway 
  Colleges & Schools | Adult Learning and Professional Development 
  College of Arts, Social Sciences, & Celtic Studies 
  College of Business, Public Policy and Law 
  College of Medicine, Nursing & Health Sciences 
  College of Science and Engineering 
       Colleges & Schools  
 University of Galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching across a range of key areas of expertise.  
 Colleges and Schools 
  Research & Innovation | Research Areas 
  People 
  Facilities 
  Research Office 
  Innovation Office 
  Researcher Development Centre 
  Research Community Portal 
  Research centres, institutes, and units 
       Research & Innovation  
 University of Galway’s vibrant research community take on some of the most pressing challenges of our times.  
 Overview 
  Business & Industry | Innovation Office 
  Career Development Centre (for Employers) 
  Business Innovation Centre 
  Conference & Event Centre 
       Guiding Breakthrough Research at University of Galway  
 We explore and facilitate commercial opportunities for the research community at University of Galway, as well as facilitating industry partnership.  
 Overview 
  Alumni & Friends | Latest News 
  Alumni Services 
  Cois Coiribe 
  Alumni Awards 
  Reunions 
  Follow our Social Channels 
  Update Your Details 
  Upcoming Alumni Events 
  Previous Alumni Events 
  NUI Elections 
       Alumni & Friends  
 There are 128,000 University of Galway alumni worldwide. Stay connected to your alumni community! Join our social networks and update your details online.  
 Overview 
  Community Engagement | About Engagement 
  Learning with Community 
  Community Partnerships 
  Outreach 
  Research with Communities 
  University of Sanctuary 
       Community Engagement  
 At University of Galway, we believe that the best learning takes place when you apply what you learn in a real world context. That's why many of our courses include work placements or community projects.  
 Real Learning 

 Gateway Pages   
 Prospective Students 
  Current Students 
  Visitors 
  Ollscoil na Gaillimhe 

 Quicklinks  
 Ollscoil na Gaillimhe 
  Library 
  Accessibility & Language 
  Students & Staff | Students  
 Registration 
  Canvas 
  Office 365 (Email) 
  Student Registry Helpdesk 
  Fees & Grants 
  Exams 
  Exam Timetables 
  Library 
  Academic Skills Hub 
  Student Services 
  Parking 
  Student Volunteering 
  Students' Union 
   Staff  
 Office 365 (Email) 
  Financial System (Agresso) 
  Academic Records 
  Research Community Portal 
  Human Resources 
  Academic Terms Dates 
  CELT 
  Information Solutions & Services (IT Services) 
  Buildings & Estates 
  Service Desk 
   Students 
  Staff 
  Colleges & Schools 

 Home   ▻  Research Centres  ▻   College of Science and Engineering  ▻   C3I  ▻   News & Events  ▻   IMVIP 2023    
 IMVIP 2023   

 Expand all     
 Leadership & Research Advisors 
  Researchers 
  Publications 
  Projects 
  Datasets 
  News & Events | IMVIP 2023 | Call for papers 
  Special Sessions & Workshops at IMVIP 
  IMVIP 2023 Venue 
  Conference Program & Registration 
  Conference chairs & committee members 
  IMVIP Sponsors 
  Vacancies 

   ‌  
 25th Irish Machine Vision and Image Processing Conference,  Galway, 30th August - 1st September   

 The Irish Machine Vision and Image Processing Conference   (IMVIP) Conference is the annual research conference of the Irish Pattern Recognition and Classification Society  . The chief objective of the society is the advancement of research and study of pattern recognition, classification and associated fields and the applications of the outcomes of research. IPRCS is a member of the International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR)   and the International Federation of Classification Societies   . 

  Call for papers & Author Guide  
 IMVIP 2023 Call for Papers  

 Call for papers & Author Guide  
    
  Special Sessions & Workshops at IMVIP  
 Learn more  

 Special Sessions & Workshops at IMVIP  
    
  Conference Venue  
 IMVIP 2023 Venue & Accommodation Information  

 Conference Venue  

  Conference Program & Registration  
 Learn more  

 Conference Program & Registration  
    
  Conference chairs & committees  
 IMVIP Conference Chairs and Committee Members  

 Conference chairs & committees  
    
  Sponsors  
 Sponsors of IMVIP 2023  

 Sponsors  

  KEYNOTE SPEAKERS  
  
 Petronel Bigioi | Driver Monitoring Systems and Next-Generation Perceptual AI   
 Petronel Bigioi is Xperi  's CTO of Product, responsible for leading the engineering team focusedon developing image processing and audio solutions for the home, automotive and mobile markets.  
 Petronel has more than 250 granted and published U.S. and international patents to date.Petronel is an IEEE fellow with over 20 years of experience in the digital still camera and mobile phone industries, working in both signal processing and connectivity. A co-founder of several successful companies (including FotoNation), he is also a pioneer of digital camera connectivity, a co-author and actively involved in the picture transfer protocol (PTP) and PTP-over-IP networks communication standards.   
 Petronel got his Bachelors of Science in electronics engineering (1997) from Transilvania University, Brasov. Petronel also holds two master degrees in ASIC design (Transilvania University, Brasov, 1998) and Networks and Communications (National University of Ireland, Galway, 2000). Petronel obtained his Ph.D. in electronics from Transilvania University (2005), his work being recognized by Romanian academy of science with a “Gheorghe Cartianu” award. 
 Fake Children: Why we need them and how to make them.   
 Researchers working with human-centric Machine Vision applications have found GDPR tobe a huge challenge. Many of today's Machine Vision systems rely on neural network modelsand require large training datasets for optimal performance. But what do you do when your  
  application is for a Smart-Toy and you need data from a vulnerable population, such as youngchildren, in order to train your Edge-AI Machine Vision system? GDPR imposes manycomplexities in collecting, managing and processing data from real children.  
 Fortunately it is now quite feasible to leverage state-of-the-art GAN and other generative neuraltechnologies to build data samples at scale. In this talk we'll get some insights into the powerand potential of today's neural technologies to build a gender balanced dataset of child data, including controllable facial expressions, age variations, facial pose and even speech-drivenanimations with photo-realistic lip-synch. Learn more from our second keynote presented by Prof. Peter Corcoran and Muhammad Ali Farooq from the University of Galway. | P‌rof. Peter Corcoran 

 Manage Cookies  
 Allow University of Galway to use Cookies for:  Functionality:    Your preferences:    Analytics:    Ads:     
  Allow All  Allow None  Allow Selected    
  Some features need cookies  to work properly. Cookies also let us (a) remember your preferences, (b) collect anonymous  usage statistics, and (c) see how well our online ads are working.  
 No personal data is stored on these cookies but, under EU law, we still need to ask you this every 6 months. To learn more about our use of cookies, view our Privacy Policy  .  

 About University of Galway   
 Founded in 1845, we've been inspiring students for over 175  years. University of Galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching.  

 CONTACT   
 University of Galway,  
  University Road,  
  Galway, Ireland  
  H91 TK33  
  T. +353 91 524411  
 Get Directions  Send Us an Email   

 Connect   
 Twitter   Instagram   Facebook   YouTube   LinkedIn   RSS    

 © 2023  University of Galway. All Rights Reserved. Server AWS    
  University of Galway is a registered charity. RCN 20002107  

 Disclaimer 
  Privacy & Cookies 
  Copyright 
  Contact & Enquiries 
  Accessibility