Home  Log In  Contacts  FAQs  INSTICC Portal    
   
 Documents  Actions  On-line Registration  Registration Fees  Deadlines and Policies  Submit Paper  Submit Abstract  Guidelines  Templates  Glossary  Author's Login  Reviewer's Login  Information  Conference Details  Important Dates  Call for Papers  Program Committee  Event Chairs  Keynote Lectures  Best Paper Awards  Satellite Events  Workshops  Special Sessions  Tutorials  Demos  Panels  Travel and Accommodation  Conference Venue  About the Region  Reaching the City  Visa Information  Hotel Reservation  Partners  Academic Partners  Industrial Partners  Institutional Partners  Media Partners  Partner Events  Publication Partners  Previous Conferences  Websites  Abstracts  Invited Speakers  Awards  Books Published    
  
 Sponsored by:    

 INSTICC is Member of:    

 Logistics:    

 IoTBDS 2025 will be held in conjunction with ENASE 2025    , ICEIS 2025    , ICT4AWE 2025    , FEMIB 2025    and IMPROVE 2025    .   
  Registration to IoTBDS allows free access to the ENASE, ICEIS, ICT4AWE, FEMIB and IMPROVE conferences (as a non-speaker).  

  Although the conference is back to the normal mode (i.e., in-person) speakers are allowed to present remotely if unable to travel to the venue (hybrid support).    

 Upcoming Submission Deadlines  
 Position/Regular Paper Submission:  December 13, 2024    
 Special Session Paper Submission:  January 30, 2025    
      
 Abstracts Track Submission:  January 30, 2025    
  
  (See Important Dates for more information)    
 The internet of things (IoT) is a platform that allows a network of devices (sensors, smart meters, etc.) to communicate, analyze data and process information collaboratively in the service of individuals or organizations. The IoT network can generate large amounts of data in a variety of formats and using different protocols which can be stored and processed in the cloud. The conference looks to address the issues surrounding IoT devices, their interconnectedness and services they may offer, including efficient, effective and secure analysis of the data IoT produces using machine learning and other advanced techniques, models and tools, and issues of security, privacy and trust that will emerge as IoT technologies mature and become part of our everyday lives.  
 Big Data (BD) has core values of volume, velocity, variety and veracity. After collecting much data from IoT, BD can be jointly used with machine learning, AI, statistical and other advanced techniques, models and methods, which can create values for people and organizations adopting it, since forecasting, deep analysis and analytics can help identify weaknesses and make improvements based on different analysis.  
 Maintaining a high level of security and privacy for data in IoT are crucial and we welcome recommendations, solutions, demonstrations and best practices for all forms of security and privacy for IoT and BD.  
    
 Conference Areas  
 1  .  Big Data Research   
  
  2  .  Emerging Services and Analytics   
  
  3  .  Internet of Things (IoT) Applications   
  
  4  .  Internet of Things (IoT) Fundamentals   
  
  5  .  IoT Technologies   
  
  6  .  Security, Privacy and Trust   

  Conference Co-chairs    
 Patrick Hung  ,  Ontario Tech University, Canada   
  Ali Emrouznejad  ,  Business Analytics, University of Surrey, United Kingdom   

 PROGRAM CHAIR    
 Andreas Jacobsson  ,  Malmö University, Sweden   

 PUBLICITY CHAIR    
 Jia-Chun Lin  ,  Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Norway   

  Keynote Speaker   
 Schahram Dustdar  ,  Vienna University of Technology, Austria   

 Special Sessions   
 Artificial Intelligence for Emerging IoT Systems: Open Challenges and Novel Perspectives - AI4EIoT   
  Chairs:  Lelio Campanile and Fiammetta Marulli  
   Submission:  January 30, 2025   
  Submit Paper   

 Publications:     
  All papers presented at the conference venue  
  will be available at the SCITEPRESS Digital Library   
  ( consult SCITEPRESS  Ethics of Publication  )  

 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for indexing by:    

  Web of Science/Conference Proceedings Citation Index     

 © 2024  INSTICC