Welcome  

 Onsite Venues:  Olten, Switzerland; Porto, Portugal; Vilnius, Lithuania and Kochi, India  
 ISDA 2023 Theme:  Large Language Models and Generative Pre-trained Transformers in the Real World  
 Welcome to ISDA 2023!  
 The International Conference on Intelligent Systems Design and Applications (ISDA) is a major international conference bringing together researchers, engineers, and practitioners who work in the areas of intelligent systems and its applications in industry and the real world. Every year, ISDA attracts authors from over 30 countries. After the success of the 21st conference, which was held online, this year's event will be held during December 11-13, 2023.  
 ISDA 2023 is expected to provide an opportunity for researchers to meet and discuss the latest solutions, scientific results and methods in solving intriguing problems in the fields of artificial intelligence and its real world applications. The conference programme will include workshops, special sessions and tutorials, along with prominent keynote speakers and regular paper presentations in parallel tracks. All submitted papers will be reviewed by experts in the field based on the criteria of originality, significance, quality and clarity. Conference contents will be submitted for inclusion in Springer as well as other Abstracting and Indexing (A&I) databases.  
 ISDA 2023 will be a hybrid conference that will run fully in-person and fully virtually to take advantage of the best that the two modalities can offer. Besides regular paper presentations, the technical programme will include 8-10 plenary lectures and poster sessions. ISDA 2023 Organising Committee also recognises the benefits of virtual conferences allowing participation at a cheaper rate. This allows a higher number of research scholars and students to attend. Selected authors will have the option to attend and present the papers virtually or present in one of the three venues in Europe and Asia.  
   
 ISDA 2023 - Organizing Chairs  

 Information | Welcome 
  Call for Papers 
  Important Dates 
  Call for Special Sessions 
  Submission 
  Camera Ready Paper Guidelines 
  Organizing Committees 
  Sponsors 
  Registration 
  Plenary Speakers 
  Technical Program 
  Accommodation 
  Onsite Venues 
  Related Conferences 

 Copyright © 2001-2024 Machine Intelligence Research Labs. All rights reserved.