Skip to content  Facebook 
  Youtube 

 (+30) 2105232044 
  info@iis-international.org 
  Athens, Greece 

   ITS 
  BFAL 
  NIDS 

 DATES     

 COMMITIEES     

 CFP     

 SUBMISSION     

 VENU  E     

 FEES / DEADLINES     

 PROGRAM    

 REGISTRATION    

 ITS2025  

 ITS2025 is the upcoming Conference of the series of Intelligent Tutoring Systems Conferences on Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Artificial Intelligence, and Deep Learning in Tutoring and Education. ITS2025 will be held in Alexandroupolis, Greece, from June 02 to June 06, 2025, and will be co-hosted by Democritus University of Thrace. The conference will be hybrid and it will allow participants to attend it online too    

 NEWS  

 Dear ITS friends the ITS2025 CALL FOR PAPERS    is now OPEN!  

 THEME OF THE CONFERENCE  

 The ITS2025 Conference is about “  Generative Systems   ”.    
   
 ITS is evolving to a new concept of Artificial Intelligence which can be found in various disciplines and can serve human education and well-being. This new concept is named: GENERATIVE INTELLIGENCE. Generative Intelligence concerns various AI systems, techniques, architectures, methods, or tools based on deep and machine learning which can be used to generate texts, images, solutions, and environments, able to enhance HUMAN intelligence, cognitive capacities, memory, and learning. Instead of trying to reproduce human behavior or recognize human traits using artificial intelligence techniques or learning analytics, Generative Intelligence provides means to increase human cognitive potential.   
   
 The conference is supported by the following tracks in which the concepts mentioned above contribute to the increase of intelligence. Each track includes (but is not limimted to) a list of topics of interest which can be found below. Submitted papers should refer to one of the corresponding tracks.   
   
 Conference tracks   
   
 T1: Generative Tutoring Systems   
 T2: Generative Systems in Healthcare Informatics   
 T3: Generative Systems in Human Interaction, Games and Virtual Reality   
 T4: Neural Networks and Data Mining   
 T5: Generative Systems and Metaverse   
 T6: Security, Privacy, and Ethics in Generative Systems   
 T7: Generative Systems for Applied Natural Language Processing   
 T8: Generative Systems and Cognitive Robots   

 TRACKS AND TOPICS OF INTEREST  

  TRACK 1     

  TRACK 2     

  TRACK 3     

  TRACK 4     

  TRACK 5     

  TRACK 6     

  TRACK 7     

  TRACK 8     

  CALL FOR PAPERS     

      SUBMISSION    
 The ITS2025 Conference invites submissions to be presented and discussed during the Conference. All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to or published in any other journal or conference. Papers should be submitted refering to a precise conference track.  
 The following categories are welcome: Full papers – twelve (12) pages, Short papers – eight (8) pages, Posters – six (6) pages.  
 All paper submissions should be made through the Easychair platform  .  Paper submissions should be in PDF  and in English   .  
 To facilitate the uploading of your paper (s) on the Easy Chair platform, please click here  : To be upload.    
 In order to increase high-quality papers and independent merit, the evaluation  process of papers is double-blind  . All papers submitted for review MUST not contain the authors’ names, affiliations, or any information that may disclose the authors’ identity (this information is to be restored in the camera-ready version upon acceptance). Authors should replace names and affiliations with Xs on submitted papers. In particular, in the version submitted for review, they should avoid explicit auto-references, such as “in [1] we show” — consider “in [1] it is shown“; i.e. they may cite previous works, provided that they are not deducible from the text that the cited works belong to the authors. When citing their previous work, they should keep the names with Xs.  

 COMMITTEES  

 Conference Committee   

 Program Committee   

 Steering Committee   

 Organization Committee   

 VENUE  

 Hosting City  

 A  lexandroupolis, Greece.    

 Hosting Institution  

 Democritus University of Thrace       
 In particular, The School of Engineering and the School of Education       

 Alexandroupolis Info  

 Alexandroupolis is a Greek city in Greece and the capital of the Evros regional unit. It is the largest city in Greek Thrace and the region of Eastern Macedonia and Thrace, with a population of 71,751, and is an important port and commercial center for northeastern Greece.   
 Alexandroupolis benefits from its position at the centre of land and sea routes connecting Greece with Turkey. Landmarks in Alexandroupolis include the lighthouse in the port, the archaeological sites of the Mesimvria Zone, the city’s waterfront (the centre of commercial activity), the Ethnological Museum of Thrace, the thermal springs (Hana) of Traianoupoli, the cave of the Cyclops Polyphemus and the nearby Evros delta.   
 Alexandroupolis is accessible by air, rail, road and ferry. It has an international port, the A2 Egnatia Odos  motorway, the airport “Dimokritos” and a railway connection with other cities. There are cycle lanes in the city centre.   
 Airport   
 Alexandroupolis is served by Dimokritos International Airport (IATA:AXD) in the suburbs of Apalos, about 6 km from Alexandroupolis city center. There are daily flights to Athens, and several days per week flights to will begin. The airport is connected to the city by highway, taxi services, and scheduled bus services.   

 Democritus Info  

 Alexandropoulis its the birth place of the ancient philosopher Democritus.     

      PROCEEDINGS BY SPRINGER IN THE LNCS SERIES    
 The ITS2025 Proceedings will be published in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series (LNCS) by Springer  .   
  Authors should consult Springer’s authors’ guidelines and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX or for Word, for the preparation of their papers.   
  Springer encourages authors to include their  ORCIDs    in their papers.   

  INSTRUCTIONS FOR AUTHORS     

  LICENSE TO PUBLISH PROCEEDINGS PAPERS     

  CODE OF CONDUCT     

  EXAMPLE OF PAPER PRESENTATION     

 Institute of Intelligent Systems   

 Menu  

 HOME     
    
 ITS     
    
 NIDS     
    
 BFAL     

 Contact Us  

 +30 210 523 2044 
  info@iis-international.org 
  Marni 56, Athens (Greece) - 10437 

 ITS 
  BFAL 
  NIDS 
  Copyright ©2024 IIS International . All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress  &  Designed by Bizberg Themes    

           