Home 
  About | About Us 
  Centre Director 
  Vision 
  People 
  Partners 
  Career 
  Logos and templates 
  Admin Corner 
  Events 
  Research | Overview 
  WP1: Understanding Media Experience 
  WP2: User Modeling, Personalisation & Engagement 
  WP3: Media Content Production & Analysis 
  WP4: Media Content Interaction & Accessibility 
  WP5: Norwegian Language Technologies 
  Publications | Research Papers 
  Master Theses 
  Videos 
  Code 
  Demos 
  Posters 
  Annual Reports 
  Contact 

 Select Page     

   « All Events   
 This event has passed. 
    
 29th International Conference on Multimedia Modeling  
 9 January, 2023  - 12 January, 2023   
   
 «  MediaFutures Seminar: Maleficent Neural Networks with Michael Riegler, Chief Research Scientist at SimulaMet 
  MediaFutures Seminar: Information Seeking Is Much More Than Searching with Alan Smeaton, Professor of Computing at the Dublin City University » 

 When:    
 9. – 12. January 2023   
  Time: to be announced  
 What:    
 The International Conference on Mulitmedia Modeling (MMM) is a leading international conference for researchers and industry practitioners for sharing new ideas, original research results and practical development experiences from all MMM related areas. MediaFutures Research Centre is the co-organizer and co-sponsor of the conference in 2023.   
 The organizers now call for research papers reporting original investigation results and demonstrations reporting novel and compelling applications.  Special sessions, keynote lectures and the Video Browser Showdown will also contribute to a high-quality program.    
 Read more at: https://www.mmm2023.no/home    

    Add to calendar      
 Google Calendar 
  iCalendar 
  Outlook 365 
  Outlook Live 

 Details  
 Start:  9 January, 2023   End:  12 January, 2023   Event Category:  Events   Event Tags:  #new  , news   Website:  https://www.mmm2023.no/home      
 Organizers  
  Department of Information Science and Media Studies, University of Bergen   MediaFutures Research Centre     

 «  MediaFutures Seminar: Maleficent Neural Networks with Michael Riegler, Chief Research Scientist at SimulaMet 
  MediaFutures Seminar: Information Seeking Is Much More Than Searching with Alan Smeaton, Professor of Computing at the Dublin City University » 

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “ACCEPT ALL”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie Settings  REJECT ALL  ACCEPT ALL    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.   

 Non-necessary   Non-necessary     
   
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT