Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility                    Skip to primary navigation 
  Skip to content 
  Skip to footer 
   
  NAACL 2025    Blog 
  Info for Participants | Visa Information 
  Calls | Main Conference Papers 
  Industry Track Papers 
  System Demonstrations 
  Tutorials 
  Workshop Proposals 
  Program | Workshops 
  Committees | Organizing Committee 
  Toggle search    Toggle menu    

 Program Chairs and General Chair   
 Colin Cherry, Lu Wang, Alan Ritter, Luis Chiruzzo  

 Follow   

  Toggle menu  Call for | Main Conference Papers 
  Industry Track Papers 
  System Demonstrations 
  Tutorials 
  Workshop Proposals 

  Second Call for Main Conference Papers   
  
  On this page  
  
 Paper Submission Information 
  Mandatory Reviewing Workload 
  Submission Topic 
  NAACL 2025 Theme Track: NLP in a Multicultural World 
  Two Stage Review: Submission to ARR, Commitment to NAACL 
  Important Dates for NAACL 2025 
  Paper Submission Details 
  Presentation at the Conference 
  Contact Information 

 NAACL 2025 invites the submission of long and short papers featuring substantial, original, and unpublished research in all aspects of Computational Linguistics and Natural Language Processing. NAACL 2025 has a goal of a diverse technical program—in addition to traditional research results, papers may contribute negative findings, survey an area, announce the creation of a new resource, argue a position, report novel linguistic insights derived using existing computational techniques, and reproduce, or fail to reproduce, previous results.  
 As in recent years, some of the presentations at the conference will be of papers accepted by the Transactions of the ACL (TACL) and the Computational Linguistics (CL) journals.  
 Paper Submission Information  
 Papers may be submitted to the ARR 2024 October cycle using the following link:  
 https://openreview.net/group?id=aclweb.org/ACL/ARR/2024/October   
 Papers that have received reviews and a meta-review from ARR (whether from the ARR 2024 October cycle or an earlier ARR cycle) may be committed to NAACL using the following link:  
 https://openreview.net/group?id=aclweb.org/NAACL/2025/Conference   
 Note that this link will be available only two weeks before the commitment deadline.  
 Mandatory Reviewing Workload  
 As our pace of research continues to increase, we need to strengthen the commitment to reviewing for each paper submission. During the ARR submission process, authors will be required to specify which co-authors are committing to cover reviewing in this reviewing cycle. Please see the new ARR policy regarding reviewing workload here  . As this is an ARR-wide policy for all *CL conferences, questions or clarifications should be addressed to ARR directly.  
 Submission Topic  
 NAACL 2025 aims to have a broad technical program. Relevant topics for the conference include, but are not limited to, the following areas:  
 Computational Social Science and Cultural Analytics 
  Dialogue and Interactive Systems 
  Discourse and Pragmatics 
  Efficient/Low-resource Methods for NLP 
  Ethics, Bias, and Fairness 
  Generation 
  Human-centered NLP 
  Information Extraction 
  Information Retrieval and Text Mining 
  Interpretability and Analysis of Models for NLP 
  Language Modeling 
  Linguistic theories, Cognitive Modeling and Psycholinguistics 
  Machine Learning for NLP 
  Machine Translation 
  Multilinguality and Language Diversity 
  Multimodality and Language Grounding to Vision, Robotics and Beyond 
  Phonology, Morphology and Word Segmentation 
  Question Answering 
  Resources and Evaluation 
  Semantics: Lexical, Sentence-level, Textual Inference and Other areas 
  Sentiment Analysis, Stylistic Analysis, and Argument Mining 
  Speech recognition, text-to-speech and spoken language understanding 
  Summarization 
  Syntax: Tagging, Chunking and Parsing / ML 
  NLP Applications 
  Special Theme: NLP in a Multicultural World 
  NAACL 2025 Theme Track: NLP in a Multicultural World  
 Current NLP tools and models, especially LLMs, require vast amounts of data to train. However, the data used often favors only a handful of over-represented languages, and even for these majoritarian languages only some of the existing geographical or cultural varieties are considered, leaving a large tail of under-represented languages, varieties, and cultures that have had considerably less attention from the NLP community. In this year’s theme track we would like to focus on work providing support to the vibrant multicultural world we live in. We welcome papers in the following non-exhaustive list of topics:  
 Cultural localization of language models. 
  New NLP applications to support people from diverse cultures. 
  Revitalization or refunctionalization of endangered or sleeping languages. 
  Analysis of cultural biases in language models. 
  Historical considerations and diachronic analysis. 
  Two Stage Review: Submission to ARR, Commitment to NAACL  
 NAACL 2025 will use ACL Rolling Review  (ARR) as a reviewing system, but final decisions will be made by the conference. Both submissions of articles for review and commitment of reviewed articles to the conference will be performed via the Open Review  platform. Specifically, authors will follow a two-step process:  
 Authors submit articles to ARR, where submissions receive reviews and meta-reviews from ARR reviewers and action editors; 
  Authors commit their reviewed articles to a publication venue (e.g., NAACL 2025), where Senior Area Chairs and Program Chairs make acceptance decisions from the ARR reviews and meta-reviews. 
  NAACL 2025 has chosen this approach in coordination with the other *ACL 2025 conferences, which are adopting the same procedure and a coordinated submission plan to allow maximum flexibility during their submission periods for the authors. At each cycle, after a paper has been fully reviewed, authors have the option to commit their paper to a conference, or revise and resubmit for another round of reviews.  
 The reviewing process will continue to be double-blind. Reviewers will not see authors, nor will authors see reviewers and reviews on ARR will not be made publicly visible. However, authors will be given the option through ARR to make their anonymized submitted articles publicly visible.  
 Important Dates for NAACL 2025  
 15 Oct 2024: Submission deadline for ARR 2024 October 
  30 Oct 2024 - 18 Nov 2024: Reviewing period for ARR 2024 October 
  11 Nov 2024: Notification of desk rejection for submissions to ARR 2024 October that violate policy 
  22 Nov 2024 - 26 Nov 2024: Author response period for ARR 2024 October 
  12 Dec 2024: Reviews and meta-reviews released for ARR 2024 October 
  16 Dec 2024: Commitment deadline for NAACL 2025 
  22 Jan 2025: Notification of acceptance for NAACL 2025 
  8 Feb 2025: Deadline for accepted papers to withdraw from NAACL 2025 or Findings of NAACL 2025 
  8 Feb 2025: Deadline for accepted papers to upload of final version for NAACL 2025 or Findings of NAACL 2025 
  Note:  All deadlines are 11:59PM UTC-12:00 (“anywhere on Earth”).  
 Following the ACL and ARR policies  , there is no anonymity period requirement.   
 At the time of submission to ARR, authors will be asked to select a preferred venue (e.g., NAACL 2025). This is used only to calculate acceptance rates. Authors who selected NAACL 2025 as a preferred venue when submitting to ARR may choose not to commit to NAACL 2025 after receiving their reviews, and authors who selected a preferred venue other than NAACL 2025 when submitting to ARR are still welcome to commit to NAACL 2025.  
 Paper Submission Details  
 Both long and short paper submissions should follow all of the ARR submission requirements  , including:  
 Long Papers | (8 pages) and | Short Papers | (4 pages) 
  Instructions for Two-Way Anonymized Review 
  Authorship 
  Citation and Comparison 
  Multiple Submission Policy | , | Resubmission Policy | , and | Withdrawal Policy 
  Ethics Policy | including the | responsible NLP research checklist 
  Limitations 
  Writing Assistance 
  Paper Submission and Templates 
  Optional Supplementary Materials 
  Final versions of accepted papers will be given one additional page of content (up to 9 pages for long papers, up to 5 pages for short papers) to address reviewers’ comments.  
 Presentation at the Conference  
 All accepted papers must be presented at the conference to appear in the proceedings. The conference will include both in-person and virtual presentation options. Papers without at least one presenting author registered by the early registration deadline of NAACL 2025 may be subject to desk rejection.  
 Long and short papers will be presented orally or as posters as determined by the program committee. While short papers will be distinguished from long papers in the proceedings, there will be no distinction in the proceedings between papers presented orally and papers presented as posters.  
 Contact Information  
 General chair:  Colin Cherry, Google Research  
 Program co-chairs:   
 Lu Wang, University of Michigan 
  Alan Ritter, Georgia Institute of Technology 
  Luis Chiruzzo, Universidad de la República, Uruguay 
  For questions related to paper submission, email: editors@aclrollingreview.org   
 For all other questions, email: naacl-2025-pcs@googlegroups.com   

 Share on  
  Twitter    Facebook    LinkedIn    

 Enter your search term...       

 Follow: 
  Twitter 
  Facebook 
    
 © 2024 NAACL. Powered by Jekyll  & Minimal Mistakes  .   

  