Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content  Main Navigation  
     
   NeurIPS | Help/FAQ 
  Contact NeurIPS 
  Code of Ethics 
  Code of Conduct 
  Create Profile 
  Journal To Conference Track 
  Diversity & Inclusion 
  Proceedings 
  Future Meetings 
  Press 
  Exhibitor Information 
  Privacy Policy 
  Downloads 
  My Stuff 

   Login    

   Select Year: (2024) | 2024 
  2023 
  2022 
  2021 
  2020 
  2019 
  2018 
  2017 
  2016 
  2015 
  2014 
  2013 
  2012 
  2011 
  2010 
  2009 
  2008 
  2007 
  2006 
  Dates 
  Submit | Call for Papers 
  Camera Ready 
  Call For Tutorials 
  Call For Datasets Benchmarks 
  Call for Workshops 
  Call for Competitions 
  Call For Ethics Reviewers 
  Call for High School Projects 
  Call for Affinity Events 
  Call for Socials 
  Call for Creative AI 
  Call for Expo 
  Author Resources 
  Poster Information 
  Reviewer Resources 
  Reviewer Guidelines 
  Area Chair Guidelines 
  Senior Area Chair Guidelines 
  Ethics Reviewer Guidelines 
  Attend | Visa Information 
  Hotels 
  Financial Assistance and Volunteers 
  At the Conference 
  Attending with Children 
  Visiting Vancouver 
  After Dark Networking Event 
  Organizers | NeurIPS Board 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  NeurIPS Foundation 
  Exhibitors | 2024 Exhibitors 
  Information 
  FAQ 
  Conference Site 

  NeurIPS 2023 FAQ for Authors  
 We will update this page as new questions arise. Please check back regularly. If you do not find an answer to your question here, you are welcome to contact the program chairs at neurips2023pcs@gmail.com  , but please make sure that you have read the call for papers  and this document first.  
 Accepted Papers  
 When is the camera-ready deadline?  See Dates https://neurips.cc/Conferences/2023/Dates 
  How do I submit the camera-ready paper?  To edit the Camera Ready file and information, go to the OpenReview page for the paper, and select Edit (top right corner) and then “Camera Ready Version”. 
  Do authors need to register for the conference?  Yes, at least one author per paper must register, see https://neurips.cc/FAQ/AuthorRegistration 
  What is the page limit for the camera ready?        You get 1 extra page, so 10 pages of content. After the 10 pages, you can include (in this order):       acknowledgements, bibliography and appendices. Do not include hard-to-read material like code, data etc. This can go into the supplementary.       IMPORTANT: Please start the appendices on a new page. There’s a possibility that we’ll need to aggregate all papers into a single proceedings file, and we’d like to keep that one without appendices. Having appendices on a new page we’ll allow us to do this automatically. 
  Do you need to include a paper checklist?        No, there was no checklist in the PDF this year, so this is not needed. 
  Can you include the appendix in the same PDF?        Yes, after the acknowledgement and references. You can also include it in the supplementary materials. 
  Can you edit the title, keywords and the abstract?        Yes, as long as they do not substantially differ from the original submission. 
  Can you edit the author list?        You can reorder the author lists freely, but you’d need special permission from the Program Chairs if you want to remove or add an author. 
  How do I upload the poster?  Please see https://neurips.cc/FAQ/PosterInformation 
  Submission process  
 Can the author list be changed?  Changes may be made to the author list until the abstract deadline. After that, authors may be reordered if/when your paper is accepted, but any additions or removals will be extremely rare and must be justified in writing and approved on a case-by-case basis by the program chairs. 
  Do my co-authors need to create an OpenReview account?  Yes. Before the full paper deadline, every co-author needs to create (or update) an OpenReview profile. The information entered in the profile is used for conflict resolution, as discussed in this document  . 
  I don't have a DBLP page or previous publications, how can I complete my OpenReview profile?  It is okay to leave the DBLP and papers empty in this case, but please make sure to add all of your email addresses and add your affiliations under "Education & Career History". Also please fill out this no prior publications form  . 
  I have publications but no DBLP page.  You can import your papers directly into Openreview. 
  I have publications but not in Computer Science. Do I need to upload them?  No. 
  I missed the abstract submission deadline. Can I still submit a full paper?  No. The abstract submission deadline is firm. 
  Can I submit supplementary material after the deadline?  Yes. The deadline for supplementary material (including appendix and source code) is one week after the paper deadline. Check the call for papers for the exact day and time. 
  Can I withdraw my submission?  Yes. You can withdraw your submission at any point in the reviewing process. 
  What exactly should be submitted by the abstract deadline?  The abstract of your paper, which can be edited afterwards up until the full paper deadline. You can also submit the full paper if you wish. 
  Submission format and content  
 Can I include appendices in my main submission file?  No. You can include them in the supplementary materials. 
  I would like to write my paper using Microsoft Word, but I don’t see a template. Can you provide one?  No. The Microsoft Word template has been discontinued. Authors must use the NeurIPS 2023 LaTeX style file. 
  Is there guidance for filling out the NeurIPS paper checklist?  Yes! See this document, which is linked from the CFP: https://neurips.cc/public/guides/PaperChecklist  . You may also be interested in the blog post  from 2021 which explains the motivation behind the checklist and how it was created. 
  Is a "broader impact" statement required and must it fit within the page limit?  You are not required to include a section titled "broader impacts" in your paper. However, you should still consider any potential negative societal impacts of your work. You may include a discussion of these potential negative societal impacts anywhere in the paper (in the intro, in the conclusion, as a stand-alone section, in the supplemental material if appropriate, etc.), but this discussion may not exceed the page limit. See the checklist guidance  and blog post  for more information. 
  What material is allowed beyond the nine-page limit?  The main body of your paper must be contained in the first nine pages of your submission. Only references are not included in this page limit. You may include an appendix in a separate document as part of your supplemental material. 
  What is the policy on comparisons to recent work?  Papers appearing less than two months before the submission deadline are generally considered concurrent to NeurIPS submissions. Authors are not expected to compare to work that appeared only a month or two before the deadline. 
  Are arxiv papers also subject to the policy above?  Yes, we do not distinguish arxiv papers and other published (conference & journal) papers, and the two-month rule applies in the same way. More nuanced judgements, including how to determine the date of publication, should be made by the area chair handling the submission. 
  Dual submissions  
 Can I submit work to NeurIPS that is currently in submission to another archival venue?  The NeurIPS policy on dual submissions explicitly prohibits this. You need to withdraw your submission from the other venue before submitting to NeurIPS. 
  Can I submit work to NeurIPS and then later submit the same work to another archival venue while it is still under review at NeurIPS?  The NeurIPS policy on dual submissions explicitly prohibits this. You need to withdraw your submission from NeurIPS first. 
  Can I submit work that is in submission to, has been accepted to, or has been published in a non-archival venue (e.g. arXiv or a workshop without any official proceedings)?  Yes, as long as this does not violate the other venue's policy on dual submissions (if it has one). 
  Can I submit work to NeurIPS and then later submit the same work to a non-archival venue while it is still under review at NeurIPS?  Yes, as long as this does not violate the other venue's policy on dual submissions (if it has one). 
  Questions related to OpenReview  
 Why haven't I received any emails about my submission?  All emails are sent from noreply@openreview.net. If you are an author and not receiving email, please log into your OpenReview account and make sure that your preferred contact email is up to date. We have heard that some email servers are rejecting email from OpenReview. If you suspect this might apply to your email server, we recommend that you use a different email address. 
  Please visit https://openreview.net/faq  for general questions related to OpenReview. If you experience any technical issues, please contact the OpenReview support team at info@openreview.net  directly. 
  Reviewing/Discussion process  
 When will the reviews be available? When is the rebuttal due? | Please refer to the main conference track | dates | . 
  Will the rebuttals be shown to the reviewers/ACs immediately? | No, the rebuttals will be revealed to the reviewers/ACs at the end of the rebuttal period. 
  Can we upload a revision of our paper during the rebuttal/discussion period? | No revisions are allowed until the camera-ready stage. 
  Can we upload a revision of the supplementary materials during the rebuttal/discussion period? | No. You may revise it for the camera-ready stage. 
  Can the rebuttal include new results? | Yes, however your original submission will serve as the basis for the reviewers' (and ACs') acceptance recommendations. The rebuttals should serve only to clarify the reviewers' and ACs' questions during the discussion period. 
  Can we include an anonymous link in the author rebuttal? | No. Do not use links in any part of the response. The only exception is if the reviewers asked for code, in which case you can send an anonymized link to the AC in an Official Comment (make sure all linked files are anonymized). 
  Reviewers posted last-minute questions, and the reviewer-author discussion has closed. What do we do? | Area chairs are fully aware that authors cannot respond to last-minute questions, so they will take that into account. We cannot extend the author-reviewer discussion period, as many authors, reviewers, and ACs have planned their work according to our schedule, and extensions would cause delay and additional burden for all involved. 
  What is the length limit in the rebuttal phase? | You can submit a rebuttal of up to 6000 characters per review, and one global rebuttal of up to 6000 reviews. These are posted by clicking the "Rebuttal" and "Author Rebuttal" buttons. You can additionally add a one-page PDF with Figures and tables. You can upload this PDF after you click the "Author Rebuttal" button. 
  Where can I see my submitted PDF for the author-rebuttal? | There is a link to the PDF at the end of the global rebuttal. 
  What is the "Official Comment" button for? | The official comment button serves to send messages to specific readers. During the rebuttal phase it will only be possible to use it for sending messages to the AC. During the rebuttal phase, do not use the "Official Comment" for posting rebuttal text that should be read by the reviewers. Use the "Rebuttal" buttons for that. During the discussion phase you will be able to use that button for sending messages to either the reviewres or the AC. Make sure the "readers" of the message are those you intend to read it. 
  Miscellaneous  
 Using different versions of latex can yield PDFs of different lengths. What should I do? | This is documented | here | . You can use any version of latex, as long as your PDF obeys the page limit. 

 Successful Page Load   
   
 NeurIPS uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal information. Our Privacy Policy » | Accept Cookies 

 The NeurIPS Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.  
   
 Useful links  

 Contact  
  1269 Law St, San Diego CA 92109  
  Email