Skip to main content    New Security Paradigms Workshop    

  NSPW Code of Conduct and Guidelines for Speakers   

 The New Security Paradigms Workshop (NSPW) is committed to providing a safe and enjoyable event experience for all event participants, and a welcoming environment for free discussion of ideas. We do not tolerate harassment of event participants in any form. We wish to publicly thank the ACSA organization for allowing us to adapt their Code of Conduct (which is in turn based on the USENIX Code of Conduct) for our use.  
 What constitutes harassment?  
 Harassment includes—but is not limited to—unwelcome conduct or offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, national origin, or religion; deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, unwelcome or unauthorized photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Similarly, encouraging others to engage in such behavior is not permitted, nor are false accusations of harassment.  
 Who is covered under this Code of Conduct?  
 All attendees, speakers, sponsors, exhibitors, staff, and volunteers at our events are required to refrain from harassment. NSPW organizers will enforce this Code throughout the event, and expects cooperation from all participants.  
 NSPW also requests that event participants refrain from using potentially offensive language in social media posts using our event hashtags.  
 Guidelines for Speakers  
 Speakers are responsible for the content of their presentations, but NSPW requests that speakers be cognizant of potentially offensive actions, language, or imagery, and that they consider whether it is necessary to convey their message. If they do decide to include it, NSPW asks that they warn the audience, at the beginning of the talk, and provide them with the opportunity to leave the room to avoid seeing or hearing the material.  
 How should I handle an uncomfortable situation at an event?  
 Interpersonal Behavior:  If it is safe to do so, we encourage you to request that the person stop the unwelcome or harassing behavior. Participants who are asked to stop any such behavior are expected to comply immediately.  
 If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any related concerns, please contact an NSPW organizer or steering committee member immediately. At the start of the workshop as part of the NSPW social contract, the workshop organizers will clearly identify at least two individuals who will be responsible for handling concerns related to this Code of Conduct. You may also email organizers directly; contact information is available at https://www.nspw.org/   
 Talks and Presentations:  NSPW event organizers welcome comments of all kinds about talks and presentations. Attendee comments are taken seriously when planning future events and will be kept in confidence if requested.  
 What happens once a report is made?  
 If an incident of harassment is reported, NSPW organizers will conduct an investigation. If they determine—to the best of their ability, and in their sole discretion—that a participant has violated this Code, they may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender  
  or expulsion from the event with no refund. Under certain circumstances and at their discretion, NSPW may contact hotel security and/or local police. To protect all parties involved, NSPW will generally not make any detailed public statements about Code of Conduct incidents.  
 This is a living document  
 NSPW intends for these policies to meet the needs of our constituents to have a positive event experience, and we welcome comments and suggestions from the community. Please contact NSPW staff onsite or by email if you would like to provide feedback.  

 Main menu  

 Show — Main menu  Hide — Main menu  Home 
  NSPW 2024 | Call for papers 
  Important Dates 
  Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Organizers 
  Past Workshops 
  Proceedings 
  Code of Conduct 
  Login