Skip to main content    New Security Paradigms Workshop    

  NSPW 2023: Call for Papers   

 Segovia, Spain   
  September, 2023   
 Submission deadline:  May 26, 2023 May 19, 2023  23:59 (UTC -11)  
  Format: PDF file (ACM SIG formatting) via Easychair   
 Notification of acceptance: June 30  July 14, 2023  
  Pre-proceedings deadline: August 4, 2023  
  Invitations sent: July 21, 2023  
  Workshop:  September 18 - 21, 2023  
  Final version: October 27, 2023  
 The New Security Paradigms Workshop (NSPW) seeks embryonic, disruptive, and unconventional ideas on information and cybersecurity that benefit from early, in-depth, and constructive feedback. Submissions typically address current limitations of information security, directly challenge long-held beliefs or the very foundations of security, or discuss problems from an entirely novel angle, leading to new solutions. We welcome papers both from computer science and other disciplines that study adversarial relationships and other aspects of security, as well as from practice. The workshop is invitation-only; all accepted papers receive a 1 hour plenary time slot for presentation and  
  discussion. In order to maximize diversity of perspectives, we particularly encourage submissions from new NSPW authors, from Ph.D. students, and from non-obvious disciplines and institutions.  
 In addition to regular submissions presenting new security paradigms, NSPW also has an optional theme each year to encourage submissions in specific areas of interest or importance. The theme for NSPW 2023 is Inclusive Security  .  
 Technology is changing the world we live in and being able to use and/or co-exist with technology safely and securely is becoming essential for individuals, organizations, and communities. The inclusive security theme is appropriate for submissions looking at, for example, how access to all aspects of security (including education, engagement, skills, occupations, tools, and more) can be expanded as well as how systems can be designed to facilitate the safety and security of all those that use and interact with them.  
 Relevant topics for this theme include:  
 Adapting security awareness, skills, and best practice to suit different communities 
  Approaches to preventing technology-mediated or technology-assisted abuse 
  Understanding security practices and experiences across diverse communities and cultures 
  Building and evaluating inclusive security cultures within organizations 
  Inclusive design of security software, hardware, protocols, and policies 
  User studies focusing on the inclusive use (or lack thereof) of security 
  Disability and security, and security accessibility 
  The effectiveness of equality, diversity and inclusion initiatives for cyber security professions 
  Other related topics and interpretations of inclusive security are welcome.  
 NSPW 2023 is scheduled to be held in the Parador de Segovia, Spain. As in the past, this choice of venue is designed to facilitate interactions between the invited attendees throughout the workshop.  
 Submission Instructions  
 NSPW accepts three categories of submissions:  
 Regular Submissions present a new approach (paradigm) to a security problem or critique existing approaches. While regular submissions may present research results (mathematical or experimental), unlike papers submitted to most computer security venues, these results should not be the focus of the submission; instead, the change in approach should be the focus. 
  Theme Submissions are focused on “Inclusive Security”, and should explain the connection with the theme in the justification statement (see below). They follow the format of a regular submission. 
  Panel Proposals describe a debatable topic of interest to the security community that merits significant discussion. Proposals should describe the major perspectives on the chosen topic. They should also present the background of the panelists, explaining how they are the right people to discuss the chosen topic at NSPW. 
  Submissions must be made in PDF format, 6-15 pages, ACM "sigconf" formatting, through EasyChair. Submissions should blind author identity where possible. The LaTeX document option anonymous=true provides a minimum level of protection; however, authors should also avoid referencing their own work in the first person or other obvious de-anonymization in the submission.  
 EasyChair submission: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nspw2023   
 NSPW Submissions must include both a cover page with authors' names, affiliation, and participation statement and a justification statement before or after the abstract.  
 To support double-blind reviewing, the cover page should not be part of the PDF submission, but will be submitted separately on EasyChair. 
  The participation statement (on the cover page) must specify which author(s) will attend upon acceptance/invitation, that all authors will engage in good faith with the feedback given in the review and revision periods, and that all authors will abide by the NSPW code of conduct. 
  The justification statement (included in the PDF submission) briefly explains why the submission is appropriate for NSPW and the chosen submission category. The justification statement will not appear in the final publication. 
  Papers not including both statements risk rejection without review.  
 Organizers and PC members are allowed to submit, but will not be involved in the evaluation of their own papers. All submissions are treated as confidential as a matter of policy. NSPW does not accept previously published or concurrently submitted papers.  
 Given the focus on the development and exploration of new ideas, the process for paper submission, revision, presentation, and publication at NSPW is different from many other security conferences. Accepted papers are shepherded and revised before the workshop; this revised version is then presented and discussed in an hour-long session. After the workshop, the final version is produced, incorporating the discussions and feedback. Acceptance to the workshop is conditional on engagement with this process.  
 The submission, review, and workshop phases of NSPW are all governed by the NSPW code of conduct, https://www.nspw.org/conduct  .  
 Attendance  
 The workshop itself is invitation-only, with typically 30-35 participants consisting of authors of about 10-12 accepted papers, panelists, program committee members, and organizers. One author of each accepted paper must attend; additional authors may be invited if space permits. All participants must commit to a “social contract”: no one arrives late, no one leaves early, no electronic distractions (including laptops, tablets, and mobile devices), attend all sessions of the 2.5 day program, sharing meals in a group setting,  
  and complying with the code of conduct. The workshop is preceded by an evening reception allowing attendees to meet each other beforehand.  
 NSPW is making arrangements for (some) child care during the event. Any potential attendee who would like to take advantage of this or has questions, please email general-chairs@nspw.org  now. We would like to get a general understanding of interest and capacity to assist with planning for the event.  
 Program Committee Co-chairs:   
  Tristan Caufield, University College London, t.caulfield@ucl.ac.uk   
  Matilda Rhode, Airbus, matilda.rhode@airbus.com   

 Main menu  

 Show — Main menu  Hide — Main menu  Home 
  NSPW 2024 | Call for papers 
  Important Dates 
  Program 
  Accepted papers 
  Organizers 
  Past Workshops | NSPW 2023 | Program 
  NSPW 2022 
  NSPW 2021 
  NSPW 2020 
  NSPW 2019 
  NSPW 2018 
  NSPW 2017 
  NSPW 2016 
  NSPW 2015 
  NSPW 2014 
  NSPW 2013 
  NSPW 2012 
  NSPW 2011 
  NSPW 2010 
  NSPW 2009 
  NSPW 2008 
  NSPW 2007 
  NSPW 2006 
  NSPW 2005 
  NSPW 2004 
  NSPW 2003 
  NSPW 2002 
  NSPW 2001 
  NSPW 2000 
  NSPW 1999 
  NSPW 1998 
  NSPW 1997 
  Proceedings 
  Code of Conduct 
  Login