OPODIS 2024    
   
 Home 
  Keynotes 
  CFP 
  Dates 
  Committees 
  Papers 
  Program 
  Venue 
  Travel 
  Registration 

  Call for Papers  
   
 OPODIS is an open forum for the exchange of state-of-the-art knowledge on distributed computing and distributed computer systems. OPODIS aims at having a balanced program that combines theory and practice of distributed systems. OPODIS solicits papers in all aspects of distributed systems, including theory, specification, design, system building, and performance.  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
   
 Distributed computing theory: Impossibility results in distributed computing, Game theory 
  Distributed ledger practice and theory: Blockchains, DAG consensus 
  Cloud and data centers, cloud and edge continuum 
  Communication and mobile networks 
  Parallelism, concurrency, and multicore systems 
    
 Shared and transactional memory, memory management, non-volatile memory 
  Dependable and secure systems 
  Distributed graph algorithms 
  Middleware and operating systems 
  File and storage systems: distributed storage, file systems and database systems 
  Distributed ML: machine learning for systems, systems for machine learning, federated learning 
    
 Distributed data analytics: big data analytics frameworks, data-intensive computing 
  Mobile agents and robots 
  Self-*: self-stabilizing, self-organizing, and autonomous systems 
  Fault tolerance and consistency 
  Decentralized systems and peer-to-peer networks 
  Cyber-physical systems: IoT, smart environments 

 Double-blind review  
 We will use double-blind peer review. All submissions must be anonymous. The purpose of anonymous submissions is to give reviewers the chance to read the paper without being biased by knowing the authors. We will use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double-blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identity of the authors. Moreover, reviewers are not supposed to actively look for the identity of authors, for instance by searching the internet for the paper title. Please feel free to ask the PC Chairs ( opodis2024.pcchairs@gmail.com  ) if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of OPODIS 2024.  
 Submissions  
 Papers are to be submitted electronically through HotCRP (https://crp.info.ucl.ac.be/opodis2024/)  .  
 Submissions must be in English, in pdf format. 
  Submissions must be prepared using the | LaTeX style templates for LIPIcs | , choosing the A4 paper option. 
  Length: a submission must not exceed 15 pages, including everything but the references. Unlimited pages are allowed for references. 
  Paper information: the following information must appear in the first page of the submission: 
  The title of the paper, 
  A list of keywords, 
  An abstract summarizing the contributions of the submission, 
  Whether or not the paper is eligible for the best student paper award. 
  The first page is not a cover page and can include the start of the paper's main text. 
  Appendix: the submission may contain a clearly-marked appendix, which will be read at the discretion of the reviewers. Appendix publication is not guaranteed, and will be decided by the Program Committee. 
    
 The submission must contain a clear presentation of the merits of the paper, including discussion of its importance, prior work, and an outline of key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims. All of the ideas necessary for an expert to fully verify the central claims in the submission, including experimental results, should be included in the submission. A submission must report on original research that has not previously appeared in a journal or conference with published proceedings. It should not be concurrently submitted to such a journal or conference. Any overlap with a published or concurrently submitted paper must be clearly indicated. The Program Chairs reserve the right to reject submissions that are out of scope, of clearly inferior quality, or that violate the submission guidelines. Each of the remaining papers will undergo a thorough reviewing process.  
 Publication  
 OPODIS has post-proceedings published by Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) in gold open access mode. The proceedings become available online, free of charge, after the conference. Preliminary versions of the proceedings will be available to participants at the conference electronically. The camera-ready version of a paper must have the same format and be of the same length as its submitted version.  
 Awards  
 Awards will be given to the best paper and the best student paper (i.e., primarily written by a student). Eligibility for the best student paper award should be clearly indicated on the first page.  
 Registration and presentation  
 For every accepted paper at least one author is expected to register (as a regular registration) for the conference and present the work on-site in Lucca.   

  Important Dates  
 (all dates are " anywhere on earth  ")  
   
 Abstract registration: | Friday, August 23, 2024 | Friday, August 30, 2024 (extended) 
  Submission deadline: | Friday, August 30, 2024 | Friday, September 6, 2024 (extended) 
  Acceptance notification: Wednesday, October 23, 2024 
  Final version due: Friday, November 8, 2024 
  Conference: | Wednesday - Friday, December 11-13, 2024 

  OPODIS'24 is an open forum for the exchange of state-of-the-art knowledge concerning distributed computing and distributed computer systems. All aspects of distributed systems are within the scope of OPODIS, including theory, specification, design, performance, and system building.  
   
 Useful Links  
 IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca 
  OPODIS conference series 
  Lucca Tourist Office 
    
 Contact Us  
 Dr. Letterio Galletta  
  OPODIS 2024 General Chair  
  Italy  
  Email:  letterio.galletta@imtlucca.it   

 Designed by BootstrapMade    

    