Skip to content  Main Navigation  

 General Information  
 Conference overview 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Conference Venue 

 Main Conference  
 Visa and Travel Information 

 Call for Contributions  
 Call for Papers and Submission Instructions 
  Call for Industry Track Papers 
  Call for Demo Papers 
  Call for PhD Forum Contributions 
  Call for WIP Papers 
  Call For Tutorials 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 

 Workshops  
 List of Workshops 

 Dates and Guidelines  
 Important Dates 

 Participate  
 Hotel Information 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 

 Sponsorship  
 Sponsorship Information 

 PerCom 2025  
  
 The 23rd International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2025)   
 March 17 – 21, 2025, Washington DC, USA   ( Walter E. Washington Convention Center  )  
   
  Conference Overview   
 IEEE PerCom, now in its 23rd year, will be held at Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington DC, USA  , from March 17 – 21, 2025, as a physical in-person conference. PerCom is the premier annual scholarly venue in pervasive computing and communications. Pervasive computing is constantly at the forefront of mobile systems research and has found its way into many commercial systems due to tremendous advances in a broad spectrum of technologies and topics such as wireless networking, mobile and distributed computing, sensor systems, ambient intelligence, and smart devices.  
 IEEE Percom 2025 will be held in person. Remote presentations and pre-recorded videos are not allowed unless all authors of an accepted paper are under special circumstances that prevent them from attending the conference in person. Requests for such exceptions will be considered carefully by the organizing committees. We are sympathetic to concerns and sentiments about our in-person focus. We will fully accommodate remote authors/speakers if they have Visa-related travel issues or COVID/health-related travel issues.  

  Sponsors   
  
 Technical Sponsor:  
    
 Technical Sponsors and Student Participation Grant Sponsors:  

 Sponsor of the Mark Weiser Best Paper Award:  
  Elsevier’s Pervasive and Mobile Computing Journal     

 PerCom 2025 @ X (Twitter)  
 Tweets by IEEEPerCom    
  
 PerCom 2025 @ LinkedIn  
 IEEEPerCom 2025 @ LinkedIn    
  
 PerCom 2025 @ Facebook  
   
 PerCom   

 Previous PerComs  
 PerCom 2024 
  PerCom 2023 
  PerCom 2022 

 The 23rd International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2025). To contact us, please write to ieeepercom@gmail.com   

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.   
 Cookie settings  ACCEPT    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT