Skip to content  Main Navigation  

 General Information  
 Conference overview 
  Organizing Committee 
  Steering Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Conference Venue 

 Main Conference  
 Visa and Travel Information 

 Call for Contributions  
 Call for Papers and Submission Instructions 
  Call for Industry Track Papers 
  Call for Demo Papers 
  Call for PhD Forum Contributions 
  Call for WIP Papers 
  Call For Tutorials 
  Call for Artifacts 
  Call for Workshop Proposals 

 Workshops  
 List of Workshops 

 Dates and Guidelines  
 Important Dates 

 Participate  
 Hotel Information 
  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 

 Sponsorship  
 Sponsorship Information 

 PerCom 2025 – Call for Papers and Submission Instructions  
  
 CLICK HERE  to Download the PDF Version  of Call For Papers   
  IEEE PerCom, now in its 23 rd  year, will be held in Washington DC, USA, from March 17 to 21, 2025, as a physical event.  
 PerCom is the premier annual scholarly venue in pervasive computing and communications. Pervasive computing is constantly at the forefront of mobile and ubiquitous systems research and has found its way into many commercial applications due to tremendous advances in a broad spectrum of technologies and topics such as wireless networking, mobile and distributed computing, sensor systems, ambient intelligence, and smart devices.  
 Scope  
 PerCom 2025 solicits research contributions in all areas pertinent to pervasive computing and communications. In particular, PerCom targets contributions in:  
 Advances in pervasive systems and infrastructures: | middleware systems and services; data engineering for pervasive computing; cloud, fog and edge computing; integrations of smartphones and wearables in pervasive experiences; applications of device-to-device coordination. 
  Theories, models, and algorithms: | context modeling & reasoning; adaptive computing; activity & emotion recognition; programming paradigms; applied deep/federated/decentralized machine learning; causal learning; cognitive computing; resource-efficient AI; complex networks; spatio-temporal modeling. 
  Domain-specific challenges and novel applications: | urban/mobile crowdsensing & intelligence; PerCom for healthcare and well-being; cyber-physical PerCom; smart homes and virtual assistants; mixed reality; sports analytics; crime prevention; pervasive nowcasting; assistive and collaborative robotics; pervasive AR/VR; smart vehicles; disaster sensing and management; interactive agents; education and reskilling. 
  Intersections of PerCom with: | IoT and sensor systems; RFID; opportunistic networks; pervasive data science; human-machine interaction and interfaces, cyber-physical systems; 3D networks, embedded and edge AI. 
  New techniques for user-level concerns: | participatory and social sensing; trust, security, privacy, fairness, and ethics; user interface, interaction, and persuasion; online and offline social networking; human-machine collaboration. 
  Technological innovations: | architectures, protocols, and technologies for pervasive communications; energy-harvesting, self-powered, or battery-less systems; mobile and wearable systems; smart devices, natural multimodal interfaces and environments; positioning, navigation, timing, and tracking technologies; and device-free human and environmental sensing. 
  Contributions can be analytical, empirical, technological, methodological, or a combination. Papers reporting strong systems engineering contributions backed by solid and appropriate evaluations are strongly encouraged. The impact of the contributions should be demonstrated in the context of pervasive computing and communications applications.   
 Read Before Submitting   
 Note: accepted papers must be presented in person by one of the authors, in addition to having an associated full registration. Failure to comply with this requirement will result in the exclusion of the paper from the final proceedings, the conference program and from the IEEE Digital Library, and the paper will not be eligible for the Best Paper Award.   
 We also strongly advise authors of submitted papers to be prepared to apply for their US visa as soon as their paper is accepted.   
 Important Dates  (Revised)  
 Paper registration in EasyChair (EXTENDED, FINAL and FIRM)  : Sunday Sep 29, 2024 11.59pm AOE  ( Sun, Sep 22, 2024, 11.59 pm AOE   )  
 Paper submission in EasyChair (EXTENDED, FINAL and FIRM)  : Friday, October 4, 2024, 11.59 pm AOE  ( Fri, Sep 27, 2024, 11.59 pm AOE   )  
 Notification: Friday, Dec 20 2024   
 Camera Ready: early-Feb 2025   
 Best Paper Award and Editorial Follow-Ups   
 The best paper will receive the prestigious Mark Weiser Best Paper Award.  
 Selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions for a special issue of the  Pervasive and Mobile Computing Journal   .  
 Submission Details   
 Paper submission must be done for the main conference and all associated events via EasyChair   . If you do not have an EasyChair account, please, register first and create an account (it’s free) via the following link: register  . The direct submission link for PerCom 2025 is https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=percom2025  ; paper submission will be active from September 5. Select “ Research Track  ” from the list of tracks to submit papers to the main conference.  
 PerCom 2025 will follow a double-blind review process  . As a result, authors must make a good-faith effort to anonymize their submissions. In particular, as in previous PerCom editions, publishing pre-prints of your submitted papers in online archives (e.g., arXiv) prior to submission does NOT disqualify the paper from consideration at PerCom. Moreover, we instruct reviewers NOT to go searching for pre-prints of submitted papers. However, papers that are judged not to have created a suitable double-blind version may be summarily rejected from further consideration.   
 Submitted papers must be unpublished and may not be under consideration elsewhere for publication at any point in the review process  . Also, they must show a significant relevance to pervasive computing and communications. Submitted papers will undergo a rigorous review process handled by the Technical Program Committee. Only electronic submissions in PDF  format will be considered.  
 The IEEE LaTeX and Microsoft Word templates, as well as formatting instructions, can be found here  . Papers must be at most 9 pages of technical content  ( 10pt font, 2-column format  ), including text, figures, tables and appendices, and up to 1 additional page for references  only. Papers that violate the formatting instructions may be summarily rejected from further consideration.   
 Accepted papers will be published in IEEE Xplore.  
  
 TPC Chair and Vice Chairs   
 Archan Misra, Singapore Management University, Singapore  
  Qin (Christine) Lv, University of Colorado Boulder, USA  
  Tadashi Okoshi, Keio University, Japan  
  Delphine Reinhardt, University of Gottingen, Germany  
 To contact us, please write to percom2025tpcchairs@easychair.org  .  
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion   
 PerCom is committed to respecting and adhering to principles of Diversity & Inclusion. Check here  for specific information.  

 PerCom 2025 @ X (Twitter)  
 Tweets by IEEEPerCom    
  
 PerCom 2025 @ LinkedIn  
 IEEEPerCom 2025 @ LinkedIn    
  
 PerCom 2025 @ Facebook  
   
 PerCom   

 Previous PerComs  
 PerCom 2024 
  PerCom 2023 
  PerCom 2022 

 The 23rd International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications (PerCom 2025). To contact us, please write to ieeepercom@gmail.com   

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.   
 Cookie settings  ACCEPT    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   Functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.   

 Performance   Performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.   

 Analytics   Analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.   

 Advertisement   Advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.   

 Others   Others     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.   

 SAVE & ACCEPT