News 
  Call 
  Topics 
  Speakers 
  Program 
  Tutorials 
  Workshops 
  Committees 
  Submission 
  Dates 
  Location 
  Fee 
  Accommodation 

 LNCS 10777 and LNCS 10778 with PPAM 2017 Proceedings are now available online through our webpage!!  
 To see the links please enter a valid password.  
 Password:      
  
  PPAM 2019  
 The next PPAM conference will be held on September 8-11, 2019, in Bialystok, the largest city in northeastern Poland, located close to the world-famous Białowieża Forest.  
  
  PROCEEDINGS OF PPAM 2017 WILL BE RELEASED AS LNCS 10777 AND LNCS 10778  
 The first volume will contain:  
 Main Track 
  Special Session on Parallel Matrix Factorizations 
  The second volume will contain:  
 Workshop on Models, Algorithms and Methodologies 
  for Hybrid Parallelism in New HPC Systems 
  Workshop on Power and Energy Aspects of Computation (PAEC 2017) 
  Workshop on Scheduling for Parallel Computing (SPC 2017) 
  The 7th Workshop on Language-Based ParBallel Programming Models (WLPP 2017) 
  Workshop on PGAS Programming 
  Minisymposium on HPC Applications in Physical Sciences 
  Minisymposium on High Performance Computing Interval Methods 
  Workshop on Complex Collective Systems 
   
  Author's Instructions for Accepted Contributions!!  
 Author's Instructions for Accepted Contributions  are already available!!!  
  
  HOW TO GET TO CONFERENCE VENUE  
 The simplest way to get to conference hotels and conference venue from Lublin Railway Station is to take busses no. 13 or no. 30. BUS no. 13 (stop "Dworzec Gł. PKP 02", direction "Paderewskiego") - get off at stop "Ogród Saski 03" (close to the hotels "Mercure", "Campanile" and Conference Venue, the duration of travel is 15-20 minutes) | see timetable 
  BUS no. 30 (stop "Dworzec Gł. PKP 02", direction "Zbożowa") - get off at stop "Ogród Saski 03" (close to the hotels "Mercure", "Campanile" and Conference Venue, the duration of travel is 10-12 minutes) | see timetable 
  It is also possible to take a taxi. The price is about PLN 20 (about 4.70 EUR).  
  Below is the list of preferred carriers: Radio Taxi Four (Tel. 196-88,81 444 44 44 44) 
  MPT "Radio-Taxi 919" (tel. 191-91,81 744 16 66) 
  TAXI BUTT (Tel. 81 511 11 11 11) 
  Radio Damel Taxi (Tel. 196-26,191-99) 
  We strongly recommend to choose only marked taxi.  
   
  HOW TO GET TO LUBLIN  
 The | Lublin Airport | is located about 10 km SE of Lublin. Among flights there are everyday Lufthansa connection to Munich, Ryanair connections to London and Dublin, and LOT connection to Tel Aviv. 
  There are the following options to get to the city from the Lublin airport:  by buses - MPK and Przewozy24.pl 
  by taxi - the most convinient way, the price is less than 15 Euro | Taxi services at the airport are provided by the licensed taxi company Damel | There is no taxi rank in front of the terminal building. A passenger willing to travel by a recommended taxi service from the airport is requested to approach the desk with a paging system inside the terminal. Your driver will be called in immediately. 
  There are frequent direct trains from Warsaw to Lublin. It is best to use the | on-line rail route planner | (leaving 'Warszawa Centralna' or 'Warszawa Lot. Chopina' arriving 'Lublin'). 
  The conference organizers provide the direct mini-bus transport from/to Warsaw Chopin Airport. 
   
  Busses from/to Warsaw Chopin airport  
 The organizers of PPAM 2017 will provide the bus transport between Warsaw Chopin Airport and Lublin according to the following schedule (see details in the PDF file  ):  
 Saturday Sept. 9 from Airport | 13:30 
  21:00 
  Sunday Sept. 10 from Airport | 14:30 
  17:45 
  Wednesday Sept. 13 from the conference venue to Airport | 14:00 bus for approx. 50 passengers 
   
  The organizers will wait for participants in the arrival hall, Exit 2  
  
  Preliminary program  
 The updated  version of preliminary program  of PPAM 2017 is already available.  
 2017-07-12   
  
  Notifactions with accepting/rejecting decisions  
 The notifactions with accepting/rejecting decisions are planned to be sent to Authors of papers submitted to the PPAM 2017 main track till Friday, June 23. Please excuse us for delay!!!  
  
  PPAM 2017 Proceedings  
 The publication of PPAM 2017 proceedings in LNCS has been approved by Springer.  
  
  PPAM Proceedings  
 Like all editions of PPAM starting from 2001, the proceedings of PPAM 2015 are indexed by Web of Science.  
  
  DEADLINE EXTENDED  
 DEADLINE EXTENDED - May 5, 2017!!!   
  For workshops, minisymposia and special sessions extensions are provided as well!!!  
  
  EasyChair submission system  
 The EasyChair  submission system is avaiable!  

  Call for papers  
 CALL FOR PAPERS  
 PPAM 2017  
 12th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON PARALLEL PROCESSING AND APPLIED MATHEMATICS  
 Lublin, Poland,  
  September 10-13, 2017  
  http://ppam.pl   
 The PPAM 2017 conference, twelfth in a series, will cover topics in parallel and distributed computing, including theory and applications as well as applied mathematics. The focus will be on models algorithms, and software tools which facilitate efficient and convenient utilization of modern parallel and distributed computing architectures, as well as on large-scale applications, including big data and machine learning problems.  
 PPAM is a biennial conference started in 1994, with the proceedings published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Sciences series. In 2017 the PPAM conference will take place in Lublin the largest Polish city east of the Vistula River, an academic and cultural centre, proud of its rich history and picturesque Old Town.  
 The PPAM 2017 conference is organized by Czestochowa University of Technology together with Maria Curie-Skłodowska University (UMCS) in Lublin, under the patronage of Committee of Informatics of Polish Academy of Sciences, in technical cooperation with IEEE Computer Society and ICT COST Action IC1305 "Network for Sustainable Ultrascale Computing (NESUS)".  
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: Parallel/distributed architectures, enabling technologies 
  Cluster and cloud computing 
  Multi-core and many-core parallel computing, GPU computing 
  Heterogeneous/hybrid computing and accelerators 
  Parallel/distributed algorithms: numerical and non-numerical 
  Scheduling, mapping, load balancing 
  Performance analysis and prediction 
  Performance issues on various types of parallel systems 
  Autotuning: methods, tools, and applications 
  Power and energy aspects of computation 
  Parallel/distributed programming 
  Tools and environments for parallel/distributed computing 
  Security and dependability in parallel/distributed environments 
  HPC numerical linear algebra 
  HPC methods of solving differential equations 
  Evolutionary computing, meta-heuristics and neural networks 
  Machine learning and HPC 
  HPC interval analysis 
  Applied Computing in mechanics, material processing, biology and medicine, physics, chemistry, business, environmental modeling, etc. 
  Applications of parallel/distributed computing 
  Methods and tools for parallel solution of large-scale problems, including big data and machine learning applications 
  Neuromorphic computing 
  KEYNOTE SPEAKERS (tentative list)  
  
 Rosa Badia | Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain 
 Franck Cappello | Argonne National Laboratory, USA 
 Cris Cecka | NVIDIA & Stanford University, USA 
 Bronis R. de Supinski | Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, USA 
 Jack Dongarra | University of Tennessee and ORNL, USA 
 Thomas Fahringer | University Innsbruck, Austria 
 Dominik Göddeke | University of Stuttgart, Germany 
 William Gropp | University Illinois Urbana-Champaign, USA 
 Georg Hager | University Erlangen-Nurnberg, Germany 
 Alexey Lastovetsky | University College Dublin, Ireland 
 Satoshi Matsuoka | Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan 
 Karlheinz Meier | University of Heidelberg, Germany 
 Manish Parashar | Rutgers University, USA 
 Jean-Marc Pierson | University Paul Sabatier, France 
 Uwe Schwiegelshohn | TU Dortmund University, Germany 
 Boleslaw K. Szymanski | Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, USA 
 Michela Taufer | University of Delaware, USA 
 Andrei Tchernykh | CICESE Research Center, Mexico 
 Jeffrey Vetter | ORNL & Georgia Tech, USA 
  
 WORKSHOPS, MINISYMPOSIA, SPECIAL SESSIONS  
 Minisymposium on GPU Computing 
  Workshop on Models, Algorithms and Methodologies for Hierarchical Parallelism in New HPC Systems 
  Workshop on Energy Aspects of Computation 
  Workshop on Scheduling for Parallel Computing 
  Workshop on Language-Based Parallel Programming Models 
  Workshop PGAS Programming 
  Special Session on Frameworks, Libraries and Tools for Programming Modern Parallel Applications 
  Workshop on Performance Evaluation of Parallel Applications on Large-Scale Systems 
  Minisymposium on HPC Applications in Physical Sciences 
  Minisymposium on Applied High Performance Numerical Algorithms in PDEs 
  Minisymposium on High Performance Computing Interval Methods 
  Workshop on Complex Collective Systems 
  Special Session on Parallel Matrix Factorizations 
  PAPER SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION  
     
 Original papers are invited for the conference. Authors should submit full papers (draft version, PDF file, together with abstract) using the online submission system before April 21  May 5, 2017  . Regular papers are not to exceed 10 pages (LNCS style). Papers will be refereed and accepted on the basis of their scientific merit and relevance to the conference topics. Abstracts of accepted papers will be available during the conference in form of a brochure. Only papers presented at PPAM 2017 will be included into the proceedings, which will be published after the conference by Springer in the LNCS series  . Full camera-ready versions of accepted papers will be required by November 15, 2017  November 2, 2017  .  
 JOURNAL SPECIAL ISSUES  
 Like the previous PPAM editions, the authors of the best papers selected by the Program Committee will be invited to submit extended versions of their work to special issues of journals with Impact Factor such as Int. Journal of High Performance Computing Applications; Concurrency and Computation: Practice and Experience; and The Journal of Supercomputing.  
 CONFERENCE OFFICE  
 Institute of Computer & Information Science  
  Czestochowa University of Technology  
  Dabrowskiego 73, 42-201 Czestochowa, Poland  
   
  prof. Roman Wyrzykowski   
  Phone: +48 668 476 840  
  Fax: +48 34 3250 589  
  e-mail: roman@icis.pcz.pl    

 IMPORTANT DATES  
  
 Submission of Papers: | April 21  May 5, 2017 
 Notification of Acceptance: | May 31  June 15, 2017 
 Camera-Ready Papers: | November 15, 2017  November 2, 2017 

 Roman Wyrzykowski | Czestochowa University of Technology, Poland  
  CHAIR OF PROGRAM COMMITTEE 
 Ewa Deelman | University of Southern California, USA  
  VICE-CHAIR OF PROGRAM COMMITTEE 

 Designed by Marcin Woźniak