Skip to content  Email      X      Linkedin      YouTube        

 About Expand | SPIRIT Project 
  Consortium 
  Use Cases 
  What’s new Expand | Latest news 
  Events 
  Newsletter 
  Media & promo 
  Synergies 
  Videos 
  OPEN CALLS Expand | OPEN CALL 2 
  OPEN CALL 1 
  Scientific material Expand | Publications 
  Deliverables 
  Presentations 
  Contacts 

 Search         

 Email      Twitter      Linkedin        

 Toggle Menu         

 QoMEX 2023  
 « All Events   

   This event has passed. 
    
 20/06/2023  –  22/06/2023   
   
 The 15th International Conference on Quality of Multimedia Experience  
 Towards sustainable and inclusive multimedia experiences  
 The 15th International Conference on Quality of Multimedia Experience (QoMEX 2023) will be held from June 20 to 22, 2023 in Ghent, Belgium. It will bring together leading experts from academia and industry to present and discuss current and future research on multimedia quality, quality of experience (QoE) and user experience (UX). This way, it will contribute to excellence in developing multimedia technology, towards user well-being, and it will foster the exchange between multidisciplinary communities.  
 SPIRIT Participation in QoMEX 2023  
 SPIRIT’s partners from imec/ UGent and the University of Klagenfurt will present three scientific publications  showcasing the advancements carried out within the SPIRIT framework on Tuesday 20th of June  in the “Poster & Demos 1” from 16:30 to 17:30 CET and on Wednesday 21 the of June  in the “Oral Session 4” from 09:00 to 10:30 CET.  

    Add to calendar      
 Google Calendar 
  iCalendar 
  Outlook 365 
  Outlook Live 

 Event Navigation  
 «  Lecture @SII40 
  IBC 2023 » 

 Search        
   
 Upcoming Events  
  
 Dec  4     
 December 4  - December 6     
 Immersive Tech Week 2024   

 View Calendar    

 SEH’s INU-100 Connects 3D Camera with High-Performance Computer   

 SPIRIT Project uses SEH device server Video conferences and meetings... Read More → SEH’s INU-100 Connects 3D Camera with High-Performance Computer     

 SPIRIT Open Call 2 Workshop: slides and recording now available!   

 On 4 November 2024, the SPIRIT consortium held a highly... Read More → SPIRIT Open Call 2 Workshop: slides and recording now available!     

 Funded by the European Union (SPIRIT, 101070672). Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union. Neither the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them. This work has received funding from the Swiss State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation (SERI).  

 Designed by  

 © 2024 SPIRIT project | All rights reserved  

 Email      X      Linkedin      YouTube        

 Privacy policy 
  Cookie policy 

 Scroll to top      Scroll to top      Our website uses cookies. Some of these cookies are essential to the operation of the website itself and are used by default. Some other cookies are used to compile statistics on how you and others use our website. Such cookies are only placed and collected with your consent. For more information on how we use cookies, please refer to our cookie policy   .   
 Accept   
 Reject     
 Privacy policy   

 About  Toggle child menu  Expand | SPIRIT Project 
  Consortium 
  Use Cases 
  What’s new  Toggle child menu  Expand | Latest news 
  Events 
  Newsletter 
  Media & promo 
  Synergies 
  Videos 
  OPEN CALLS  Toggle child menu  Expand | OPEN CALL 2 
  OPEN CALL 1 
  Scientific material  Toggle child menu  Expand | Publications 
  Deliverables 
  Presentations 
  Contacts 

 Search         

 Toggle Menu Close        
 Search for:     Search