Home 
  About 
  Use Cases | Use Case 1 
  Use Case 2 
  Use Case 3 
  Use Case 4 
  Partners 
  News & Events 
  Library 
  Contact 
   
 Select Page     

   « All Events   
 This event has passed. 
    
 RTNS 2023  
 June 7, 2023  - June 8, 2023   
   
 «  ITS European congress 
  ARTS23 » 

 The 31st International Conference on Real-Time Networks and Systems   
   
    Add to calendar      
 Google Calendar 
  iCalendar 
  Outlook 365 
  Outlook Live 

 Details  
 Start:  June 7, 2023   End:  June 8, 2023      

 «  ITS European congress 
  ARTS23 » 

 AI-based CCAM: Trustworthy, Explainable, and Accountable  

 Follow 
  Follow 
  Join our newsletter    

 AI-based CCAM: Trustworthy, Explainable, and Accountable   

 Join our newsletter    
   
 Follow 
  Follow 

 © 2023 AIthena Project  

 Privacy Policy   

 design by: bigus.studio    

 Subscribe to the AIthena Newsletter  
 *  indicates required   
 Email Address *   

 Name *    

 Title and Organization *   

 Email Permissions   
 Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:  
  Email    You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.  
   
 We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp’s privacy practices here.   

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.   
 Cookie settings  ACCEPT    

 Manage consent    
    Close   Privacy Overview  
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   

 Necessary   Necessary    
 Always Enabled    
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.  
  
 Cookie | Duration | Description 
 cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional   functional     
   
 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.  

 Performance   performance     
   
 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.  

 Analytics   analytics     
   
 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.  

 Advertisement   advertisement     
   
 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.  

 Other   other     
   
 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.  

 Save & Accept