   

 Home 
  Call for Papers 
  Registration 
  Important Dates 
  Keynotes 
  GuideLines 
  Past Events 

 SINCONF 2024  
 17th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks  
 FULLY ON-LINE MODE   
 University of Technology Sydney, 15 Broadway Ultimo, NSW Australia (Host)  
 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Gaziantep, Türkiye (Co-Host)  
 IEEE Record # 63213 | Scopus | IEEE Xplore  
 For Full Paper Submission Due Date, please refer to Call for Papers document  
 Program + Join the Conference     

 Announcement  

 Due to ongoing high travel costs to and from Australia, and visa difficulties for some delegates, the organising committee has decided to make SIN’24 an on-line event  . All sessions will be broadcast via Zoom and all delegates will present live via zoom. There will be ample opportunity for questions and interaction with presenters and other delegates via chat rooms. The IEEE digital conference proceedings will be available for download at the beginning of the conference.  

 Topics of Interest  

 Authors are solicited to contribute to the conference by submitting articles that illustrate research results, project outputs, surveys and industrial experiences that describe significant advances in the following areas, but are not limited to:  
   
 Network Defence  
 Tools and development platforms  

 Malware Analysis  
 Security and privacy in social networks  

 Security in space science  
 Key management and distribution  

 Security in Mobile and IoT devices  
 Security in embedded systems and IoT  

 Cloud and system security  
 Security-aware software engineering  

 Security using Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Federated learning, and Artificial Intelligence  
 Security in cyber-physical systems, Security in Blockchain  

 Web and application security  
 Security education and innovative curriculum  

 Security in biometric systems  
 Privacy and trust management  

 Symmetric and asymmetric key cryptography  
 Computational intelligence techniques in security  

 Vehicular and Intelligent System Security  
 Security in Embedded Systems  

 Security ontology, models, protocols & policies  
 Standards, guidelines, and certification  

 Information assurance, security, and public policy  
 Interoperability, service levels, and quality issues  

 About Us  

 The 17th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks (SIN-2024) provides an excellent international forum for sharing knowledge and results in theory, methodology, and applications of Security in information and networks. Papers, special sessions, tutorials, and workshops addressing all aspects and issues of security in information and networks are being pursued. The conference invites significant contributions from researchers and industrial working of developing cryptographic algorithms, security schemes, cryptanalysis, application security, system security, cloud security, IoT security, and network security. The conference aims to provide a platform for researchers and practitioners from academia and industry to meet and share cutting-edge advancements in information and network security.  

 About the Host:  The University of Technology Sydney (UTS) is a vibrant young global university located in a vibrant young global city. It’s distinctiveness lies at the intersection of technology, creativity and innovation. The university is considered among the top universities in the world by both the QS (90th) and Times Higher Education (148th) global rankings. UTS is widely known for its innovative learning and teaching approach, which integrates the best of online and face-to-face experiences. Students benefit from an immersive career-focused education, coupled with strong links to industry. They’re prepared for tomorrow, in a way which is relevant today.  

 The university’s inner-city campus has recently been transformed through a $1.5 billion investment, which has delivered four award winning buildings, including internationally-renowned architect Frank Gehry’s first Australian venture. Imbued with collaborative spaces and technological capabilities, the distinctive campus is a physical embodiment of UTS’ progressive traits. UTS research spans a range of disciplines, including health, data sciences, sustainability, applied economics, social futures, robotics, civil engineering, future work, microbiology, and quantum computation. One hundred per cent of UTS’ broad fields of research are benchmarked by the Australian Government at world standard or above, while almost 80 per cent of UTS research is assessed at having a ‘high’ impact beyond the academic – the highest proportion in the country. Above all, UTS believes in the value of real-world experience and innovation for its students, and making a positive impact on the world around it.  

 Call for Paper  

 Download Call for Papers Document   

 Workshop, Special Session and Tutorial Proposals  

 Download Call for Workshop, Special Session and Tutorial Proposals   
  
  DroneSense-AI 2024  
 The 1st Workshop on Artificial Intelligence for Networked Drone and Sensor Applications In conjunction with SINCONF 2024- 17th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks Date & Venue: 2 December 2024. Fully On-line.  
 Download Call for Papers   

 Proposal/Paper Submission  

 Authors are invited to submit papers of no more than 8 pages in double-column format using the standard IEEE PES Conference template at https:// www.ieee.org/ conferences/ publishing/ templates.html  . The papers must clearly state the objectives of the work, its significance in advancing the state of the art, and the methods and specific results in sufficient detail. The submission should include appropriate key equations, figures, tables, and references. Papers not conforming to these requirements will be rejected without review.  
 All submissions will go through a single-blind peer review process to ensure confidentiality and fair review. 
  Presented papers will be submitted to IEEE Xplore for publication. 
  Submissions should be made via EDAS through the below button. 

 Submit a Paper    

 Registration Costs  
  
 Registration category | Cost 
 IEEE life member | $AU390 
 Student IEEE member | $AU390 
 Student | $AU490 
 Full IEEE member | $AU590 
 Full | $AU690 
  
 Prices are in Australian dollars.  
  Current exchange rates are $AU1.0 = $US 0.66 = Euro 0.60.  
  
  Click on the below button to get more information. Registration Page    

  IEEE Financial disclosure  
 SIN2024 is financially sponsored by ISCITA (ABN 78580581267). ISCITA is a not for profit association formed in 2011 by Prof. Eryk Dutkiewicz.  Current office holders are Prof. Eryk Dutkiewicz.  (Chair), Prof Xiaojing Huang  (Vice-Chair), Prof. Ren Ping Liu  (Vice-Chair), Dr Ying He  (Secretary) and Dr Diep Nguyen  (Treasurer). ISCITA was formed to act as a fianncial and contracting entity for international Engineering and Science conferences in Australia. ISCITA fills a role that Australian Universities no longer want accepting the risk associated with running a major international event but which international societies like IEEE insist is undertaken by a not-for-profit organisation.  
 Click here to get more information   

 Important Dates  

 Submission Site Opens  
 20th April 2024     

 Full paper submission (Extended) Final Due date  
 30th September 2024    
  31st October 2024    

 Author Notification  
 15th October 2024   
  (Papers submitted by the due date 30th September)   
  15th November 2024   
  (Papers submitted by the due date 31st October)    

 Conference  
 2nd - 4th December 2024    

 Keynotes  

     Prof. Sridevan Parameswaran   
 Head of School and Professor, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering    
   
 more info    
   
     Dr. Ian Oppermann   
 Co-founder ServiceGen, Industry Professor, UTS | MBA, Digital Transformation Business Strategy University of London ServiceGen    
   
 more info    
   
     Dr. Vanessa Teague   
 Associate Professor (Adj.), College of Engineering and Computer Science ANU College of Engineering, Computing and Cybernetics    
   
 more info    
   
     Prof. Willy Susilo   
 Head of school of Computing and Information Technology    
   
 more info    

 Dr Vanessa Teague  
 PhD 2004, Stanford University, "Combining Cryptography and Game Theory" Associate Professor (Adj.), College of Engineering and Computer Science ANU College of Engineering, Computing and Cybernetics  
 more info: https://researchers.anu.edu.au/researchers/teague-v    
 Research interests :  I'm a cryptographer living and working on Wurundjeri land in Southeastern Australia (near Melbourne). I am interested in cryptographic protocols that support a free and democratic society. I work on openly-available research and open source software for supporting democratic decisionmaking and empowering ordinary people to make choices about their own data.  
 Some highlights and favourite papers are:  
 Cryptographic analysis of e-voting systems 
  Auditing complex elections 
  Privacy and open data 
  Exposure Notification and contact tracing 
  Verifiable voting from overseas voting centres 
  Outside ANU 

 Close    

 Professor Sridevan Parameswaran  
 Head of School and Professor, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering  
 more info: https://www.sydney.edu.au/engineering/about/our-people/academic-staff/sri-parameswaran.html    
 Biography:  Sri Parameswaran is a Professor and the Head of the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Sydney. Prior this, he was a Professor in the School of Computer Science and Engineering at the Universtiy of New South Wales and has also held the position of Acting Head of School at the School of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of New South Wales from 2019 to 2020. He has also served as the Program Director for Computer Engineering and Post Graduate Research Coordinator at the University of New South Wales, and was previously an academic at the University of Queensland. Sri Parameswaran has held visiting academic positions at Kyushu University in Japan and the University of California, Irvine, and worked as a consultant at NEC Research Labs in Princeton and the Asian Development Bank. He is currently a member of the Australian Research Council College of Experts.  
   
 Close    

 Distinguished Professor  
 Willy Susilo  
 Head of school of Computing and Information Technology  
 more info: https://scholars.uow.edu.au/willy-susilo    
 Biography:  Willy Susilo is a Distinguished Professor, an IEEE Fellow, an IET (Institution of Engineering and Technology) Fellow, and an ACS (Australian Computer Society) Fellow at the School of Computing and Information Technology Faculty of Engineering and Information Sciences in University of Wollongong, Australia. In 2023, he has been awarded a prestigious ARC Australian Laureate Fellowship. He is the director of Institute of Cybersecurity and Cryptology (iC2), School of Computing and Information Technology, University of Wollongong. Willy is an innovative educator and researcher. Currently, he is the Head of School of Computing and Information Technology at UOW (2015 - now). Prior to this role, he was awarded the prestigious Australian Research Council Future Fellowship in 2009. He was the former Head of School of Computer Science and Software Engineering (2009 - 2010) and the Deputy Director of ICT Research Institute at UOW (2006 - 2008). He is the Editor in Chief of the Computers Standards and Interface (Elsevier) and Information (MDPI) journal. He has served as an Associate Editor in IEEE Transactions in Information Forensics and Computing and he is currently serving as an Associate Editor in IEEE Transactions in Dependable and Secure Computing. Willy obtained his PhD from the University of Wollongong in 2001. He has published more than 500 research papers in journals and conference proceedings in cryptography and network security. He has served as the program committee member in dozens of international conferences. In 2016, he was awarded the Researcher of the Year award at UOW, due to his research excellence and contributions. His work on the creation of short signature schemes has been well cited and it is part of the IETF draft. In 2019, he was awarded the "Supervisor of the Year" award at UOW, due to his excellent supervision and mentoring experience. In 2020, he was awarded the "Vice Chancellors Award for Global Strategy" for his contribution to the University's internationalisation and global strategy.  
   
 Close    

 Ian Oppermann  
 Co-founder ServiceGen, Industry Professor, UTS | MBA, Digital Transformation, Business Strategy University of London ServiceGen  
 more info: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ianoppermann/?originalSubdomain=au    
 Biography:  Dr. Ian Oppermann is a founding director of ServiceGen, Government's Strategic Partner for Trusted Service Transformation. Ian is also an Industry Professor at University of Technology Sydney (UTS). From 2015 until 2023, Ian was the NSW Government’s Chief Data Scientist helping transform the way NSW understands and uses data and AI. Ian has 30 years experience in the ICT sector and has led organizations with more than 300 people delivering products and outcomes that have impacted hundreds of millions of people globally. He has held senior management roles in Europe and Australia as Director for Radio Access Performance at Nokia Global Head of Sales Partnering (network software) at Nokia Siemens Networks, and then Divisional Chief and Flagship Director at CSIRO. Ian is considered a thought leader in the area of the Digital Economy and is a regular speaker on “Big Data”, broadband enabled services and the impact of technology on society. He has contributed to 6 books and co-authored more than 120 papers which have been cited more than 3500 times. Ian has an MBA from the University of London and a Doctor of Philosophy in Mobile Telecommunications from Sydney University. Ian is a Fellow of the Institute of Engineers Australia a Fellow of the IEEE, a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering, a Fellow of the Royal Society of NSW a Fellow and Immediate Past President of the Australian Computer Society, and a graduate member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Ian is also president of the Australia National Committee of the IEC and president of the JTC1 strategic advisory committee in Australia.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Sridevan Parameswaran  
 Keynote-1: Day-1, Monday, 2nd December 2024, 9.15 AM- 10.00 AM  
  Topic: Side channel Attacks, Remote Power Attacks and Countermeasures  
  Professor Sridevan Parameswaran, The University of Sydney, Australia  
   
 Deep devastation is felt when privacy is breached, personal information is lost, or property is stolen. Now imagine when all of this happens at once, and the victim is unaware of its occurrence until much later. This is the reality, as an increasing number of electronic devices are used as keys, wallets and files. Security attacks targeting embedded systems illegally gain access to information or destroy information. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is used to protect many of these embedded systems. While mathematically shown to be quite secure, it is now well known that AES circuits and software implementations are vulnerable to side channel attacks. Side-channel attacks are performed by observing properties of the system (such as power consumption electromagnetic emission, etc.) while the system performs cryptographic operations. In this talk, differing power-based attacks are described and various countermeasures are explained. A countermeasure titled Algorithmic Balancing is described in detail. Implementation of this countermeasure in hardware and software is described. Since process variation impairs countermeasures we show how this countermeasure can be made to overcome process variations. In the next part of the talk Remote power attacks are described and novel sensors are demonstrated which enable stealthy deployment of attacks on Cloud based FPGAs (such as the Amazon Cloud FPGA).  
 Brief Bio:  Sri Parameswaran is the Head of School of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Sydney. Prior to that he was a Professor in the School of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of New South Wales. He also served as the Program Director for Computer Engineering. His research interests are in System Level Synthesis Low power systems, High Level Systems, Security, Genomic Systems and Network on Chips. He served as the Editor in Chief of the IEEE Embedded Systems Letters and has served on the editorial boards of IEEE Transactions on Computer Aided Design, ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems the EURASIP Journal on Embedded Systems and the Design Automation of Embedded Systems. He has served on the Program Committees of Design Automation Conference (DAC), Design and Test in Europe (DATE), the International Conference on Computer Aided Design (ICCAD), the International Conference on Hardware/Software Code-sign and System Synthesis (CODES-ISSS), and the International Conference on Compilers, Architectures and Synthesis for Embedded Systems (CASES). Sri Parameswaran is a Fellow of the IEEE.  
   
 Close    

 Dr. Ian Oppermann  
 Keynote-2: Day-2, Tuesday, 3rd December 2024, 9.00 AM- 9.45 AM  
  Topic: Establishing Trustworthy Data Sharing and Use Frameworks  
  Dr. Ian Oppermann, University of Technology Sydney  
   
 Data is the lifeblood of the modern economy. It impacts, enables and personalises how we work, play and engage socially and is also crucial for the operation of government and the economy. Banks and financial services companies can be described as data and digital services organisations with some bricks and mortar operations. Value comes from creating, using, protecting and sharing data. Use of data is a very wide and vague topic incorporating analysis, storage, aggregation, dissemination and deletion. The value of data is unleashed through sharing. The challenge within any sharing or use relationship is “can I trust the data or data product you have tried to share with me?”. When that data product is a chart or an analytical insight it is easier to apply tests on source of origin, governance and methods of analysis. When the data product is the output of complex AI systems there is little in the way of frameworks to test the image, video, voice message or other generated result. This keynote seeks to outline frameworks which help answer important questions about data and products derived from data: How can I determine if data is fit for the purposes, I plan to use it for? How can I provide guidance / restrictions / prohibitions for future uses of the products I create from this data? How can I enforce restrictions / prohibitions for future uses of the products I create from data? How can I determine if a data product has been manipulated in ways that I did not expect?  
 Brief Bio:  Dr Ian Oppermann is a Digital Economy thought leader, a highly-cited researcher, and a regular speaker about big data, broadband enabled services and the impact of technology on society. Ian is an Associate Industry Professor in the Faculty of Engineering & IT at UTS and the co-founder of ServiceGen. From 2015 to 2023, Ian was the NSW Government’s Chief Data Scientist working within the Department of Customer Service, where he chaired the 11-member NSW Artificial Intelligence Advisory Committee that is advising the State Government on how it should use the technology. The committee also developed a world-first AI assurance framework for government projects. Ian has nearly 30 years’ experience in the Information and Communication Technology sector and has led large organizations that deliver products and services that have reached millions of people around the world. He has held senior management roles in Europe and Australia, including Director for Radio Access Performance at Nokia, Global Head of Sales Partnering (network software) at Nokia Siemens Networks, and Divisional Chief and Flagship Director at the CSIRO. He has contributed to six books and co-authored more than 120 papers, which have been cited more than 4000 times. Ian is a Fellow of the Institute of Engineers Australia, the IEEE, the NSW Royal Society, the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering, and is a Fellow and past President of the Australian Computer Society. He is also a graduate member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, president of the Australia National Committee of the IEC, and president of the JTC1 strategic advisory committee in Australia.  
 Ian has an MBA from the University of London and a PhD in Mobile Telecommunications from the University of Sydney.  
   
 Close    

 Dr. Vanessa Teague  
 Keynote-3: Day-2, Tuesday, 3rd December 2024, 9.45 AM- 10.30 AM  
  Topic: Election verification for computer scientists  
  Dr. Vanessa Teague, CEO, Thinking Cybersecurity Pty. Ltd  
   
 In this talk we will discuss some good ideas for election verification and evidence as well as some recent examples of practical failures. We'll discuss the state of election security in Australia and possibly the USA, and think about what technologists can do to improve the situation.  
 Brief Bio:  Dr Vanessa Teague is an Associate Professor (Adjunct.) at the ANU College of Engineering, Computing and Cybernetics. Dr Teague is a cryptographer living and working on Wurundjeri land in southeastern Australia (near Melbourne). She is interested in cryptographic protocols that support a free and democratic society. She works on openly-available research and open-source software for supporting democratic decision making and empowering ordinary people to make choices about their own data. Dr Teague’s research focuses primarily on cryptographic methods for achieving security and privacy, particularly for issues of public interest such as election integrity and the protection of government data. She was part of the team (with Chris Culnane and Ben Rubinstein) who discovered the easy re-identification of doctors and patients in the Medicare/PBS open dataset released by the Australian Department of Health. Joint work with Andrew Conway has identified several errors in deployed official Australian STV vote counting software, most of which was corrected as a consequence. She has co-designed numerous protocols for improved election integrity in e-voting systems, and co-discovered serious weaknesses in the cryptography of deployed e-voting systems in New South Wales, Western Australia and Switzerland.  
   
 Close    

 Prof. Willy Susilo  
 Keynote-4: Day-3, Wednesday, 4th December 2024, 9.00 AM- 9.45 AM  
  Topic: Cloud Computing Security: Past, Present and Future  
  Professor Willy Susilo, University of Wollongong  
   
 Cloud computing is considered as one of the most prominent paradigms in the information technology industry, since it can significantly reduce the costs of hardware and software resources in computing infrastructure. This convenience has enabled corporations to efficiently use cloud storage as a mechanism to share data and cloud computing as a mechanism to outsource computing. One of the most important works in the area of cloud computing is how to provide security protections. The work in the cryptography literature has been very rich in this area, as it has been studied in the past two decades. In this lecture, we will revisit the topics that researchers have been studying. Specifically, we will provide an overview on what research topic that was studied, and currently being studied in the literature. We provide a comprehensive understanding of cloud computing research based on the published papers spanning from 2007 to 2023. Furthermore, we also discuss the gap between theory and the implementation of the proposed solutions.  
 Brief Bio:  Willy Susilo is a Distinguished Professor at the School of Computing and Information Technology, Faculty of Engineering and Information Sciences at the University of Wollongong (UOW), Australia. He holds the most prestigious Australian Laureate Fellowship awarded by the Australian Research Council. He is the director of Institute of Cybersecurity and Cryptology, School of Computing and Information Technology, UOW. Recently, he was awarded the 2024 NSW Premier's Prizes for Science and Engineering due to his research work. He is an IEEE Fellow, an IET Fellow, an ACS Fellow, an AAIA Fellow and an AIIA Fellow. Previously, he was awarded the prestigious Australian Research Council Future Fellowship in 2009. He has published more than 500 papers in journals and conference proceedings in cryptography and network security. In 2016, he was awarded the ``Researcher of the Year” at UOW, due to his research excellence and contributions. He is the Editor-in-Chief of the Information journal and the Special Content Editor of the Elsevier’s Computer Standards and Interfaces. He is also serving as an Associate Editors in several international journals, including IEEE Transactions. He has also served as the program committee member of several international conferences.  
   
 Close    

 Guidelines  
   
 Presentation guidelines  
 After assessing several options the committee has decided that all on-line presentations will be made live via Zoom (https://zoom.us/). Please ensure that you can use zoom and that your country is not blocking international access to Zoom.  
 SIN2024 will have three Zoom rooms, one for each conference stream, each room is paired to a physical room at the conference venue.  
 All on-site sessions will be made available on-line via Zoom so the on-line audience has maximum access to the on-site conference.  
 The on-site and the on-line Zoom sessions will not  be recorded.  
 Click here to see more details.   
  
  Session Chair Guidelines  
 Proceed as normal. 
  You room coordinator will give you your printed session sheets a the start of the session with abstracts and presenter bios (if provided by the presenter). 
  The room coordinator will manage the report sheet (presenter sign-off after presentation). 
  You are responsible for: | Introducing the session 
  Introducing each speaker 
  Keeping to time | Presentations should start at the scheduled time (not before), even if the previous presenter finishes early. 
  In case of “no show”, the session chair should call a break until then next scheduled presentation time. 
  Prompting questions 
  Thanking the speaker 
  The session will be broadcast live via zoom. Zoom questions will come via audio. 
  See Session Chair Instructions page.   

  Room Coordinator instructions  
 See full room coordinator instructions   

 Hosted By  

 Partner Institutions  

 Hasan Kalyoncu University, Türkiye 
  CES-Lab, Tunisia 
  Edinburgh Napier University, United Kingdom 
  Indian Institute of Technology, Jammu, India 
  Istanbul Technical University, Turkey 
  Macquarie University, Australia 

 Conference Committee  
   
 Conference Chairs  
 Priyadarsi Nanda, University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
  Atilla Elci, Hasan Kalyoncu University, Türkiye 
  Conference Co-Chairs  
 Sushmita Ruj, University of New South Wales, Australia 
  Manoj S. Gaur, Indian Institute of Technology, Jammu, India 
  Program Chair  
 Arun Somani, Iowa State University, USA 
  Program Co-Chairs  
 Manoranjan Mohanty, University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
  Yoshikazu Miyanaga, Chitose Institute of Science and Technology, japan 
  Hoang Dinh, University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
  Local Arrangements Chair  
 Peter Beadle, Academic Event Services 
  Conference Sponsorship Chair  
 Xu Wang, University of Technology Sydney 
  Finance Chair  
 Diep Nguyen, University of Technology Sydney 
  Technical Program Committee  
 Qiang Wu, University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
  Diep Nguyen, University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
  Wenjing Jia, University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
  Masimo Piccardi, University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
  Priyanka Singh, University of Queensland, Australia 
  Sandeep Chaurasia, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Manoj Kumar Bohra, Manipal University Jaipur, India 
  Parvez Faruki, AVPTI Rajkot, India 
  Omar Cheikhrouhou, ISIMA,Tunisia 
  Naghmeh Moradpoor, Edinburgh Napier University, United Kingdom 
  Andrei Petrovski, Robert Gordon University, United Kingdom 
  Berna Ors Yalcin, Istanbul Technical University, Turkey 
  Theodoros Spyridopoulos, Cardiff University, Wales 
  Philipp Reinecke, Cardiff University, United Kingdom 
  Ludmila Babenko, Southern Federal University, Russia 
  Maxim Anikeev, Fraunhofer Institute for Secure Information Technology, Germany 
  Alexander Chefranov, Eastern Mediterranean University, TRNC 
  Hossain Shahriar, University of West Florida, USA 
  Jaideep Vaidya, Rutgers University, USA 
  Mehmet Orgun, Macquarie University, Australia 
  Josef Pieprzyk,CSIRO, Australia, and Polish Academy of Sciences, Poland 
  Behnam Rahnama, Painverse Inc., Canada 
  Jaidhar CD, National Institute of Technology, Karnataka, India 
  Ramesh Babu Batula, Malaviya National Institute of Technology, Jaipur, India 
  Umesh Ch. Pati, National Institute of Technology, Rourkela, India 
  Sriram Sankaran, Amrita University, India 
  Yoshioka Masaharu, Hokkaido University, Japan 
  Muhammad Ikram, Macquarie University, Australia 
  Deepak Kumar, University of Cumberland, USA 
  Khaled Shabnam, Saudi Electronic University, Saudi Arabia 
  Ajay Lotan Thakur, Intel Corp Canada & Open Networking Foundations, Canada 
  Anmol Kumar, IIT Patna, India 
  Clementine Griti, INSA Lyon, France 
  Rajath Karangara, Intraedge, USA 
  Muthukumaran Vaithianathan, Samsung Semiconductor inc., USA 
  Ashish B Mathewes, Travancore Engineering College, India 
  Sujata Pal, IIT Ropar, India 
  Yazeed Alzahrani, Prince Sattam Bin Abdulaziz University, Saudi Arabia 
  Ahmad Kamal Ramli, Universiti Teknologi Mara, Malaysia 
  Vikash Kumar Singh, VIY-AP University, India 
  Ohood Alrohili, Taibah University, Saudi Arabia 
  Hadeel Alhosaini, University of Jedah, Saudi Arabia 
  Haitham Assiri, Jezan University, Saudi Arabia 
  Advisory Committee  
 Erol Gelenbe, Polish Academy of Sciences & University Cote d'Azur. 
  Imed Romdhani, Edinburgh Napier University, UK. 
  Anis Koubaa, Prince Sultan University, KSA. 
  Faouzi Zarai, ENET’Com, Tunisia. 
  Bart Preneel, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium 
  Bülent Örencik, Beykent University, Turkey 
  Cetin Kaya Koc, University of California Santa Barbara, USA 
  Edward Dawson, Queensland University of Technology, Australia 
  Elisa Bertino, Purdue University, USA 
  N. Balakrishnan, IISc Bangalore, India 
  Willy Susilo, University of Wollongong, Australia 
  Alexander Shelupanov, Tomsk State University for Control Systems and Radio Electronics, Russia 
  Publicity Chairs  
 Abeer Alalmaie, Middle East 
  Umesh Chandra Pati, India and neighbouring countries 
  E-presence, Website and Informatics Support  
 Amin Partow, Painverse Inc., Canada 
  Hanieh Nasirpour, Painverse Inc., Canada 

 Past Events & Special issues  
   
 Previous SIN Conf events and their proceedings (see below for special issues and books):  
  
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 20-21 November 2023, Jaipur, Rajasthan India (SIN 2023) | Proceeding | @IEEE Xplore. 
   
  International Conference on Secutity of Information and Networks, 11–13 November 2022 Sousse, Tunisia (SIN 2022) | Proceeding | @IEEE Xplore. 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 15–17 December 2021 Edinburgh, Scotland and Gaziantep, Turkey (SIN 2021) | . Proceeding | @IEEE Xplore. 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 4-7 November 2020 Istanbul, Turkey (SIN 2020) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL. 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 12-15 September 2019 Sochi, Krasnodar Region, Russia (SIN 2019) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL. | Photo Gallery 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 10-12 September 2018 Cardiff University, Main Building, Cardiff (SIN 2018) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 13-15 October 2017 Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India MNIT, Jaipur, India (SIN 2017) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 20-22 July 2016, New Jersey, USA (SIN 2016) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 8-10 September 2015, Sochi, Russia (SIN 2015) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 9-11 September 2014, Glasgow, United Kingdom (SIN 2014) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 26-28 November 2013, Aksaray, Turkey (SIN 2013) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 22-27 October 2012, Jaipur, India (SIN 2012) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 14-19 November 2011, Sydney, Australia (SIN 2011) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 7-11 September 2010, Taganrog, Rostov Region Russia (SIN 2010) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 6-10 October 2009, Gazimagusa, TRNC, North Cyprus (SIN 2009) | . Proceeding | @ACM DL | . 
   
  International Conference on Security of Information and Networks, 8-10 May 2007, Gazimagusa, TRNC North Cyprus (SIN 2007) | . Proceeding | @Trafford Publishing | . 

  sinconf@sinconf.org   
   
  Privacy   
   
 Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved  

  