SLE 2018   Sun 4 - Fri 9 November 2018 Boston, Massachusetts, United States    
 co-located with SPLASH 2018    

 Toggle navigation        
 Attending | Venue: Boston Park Plaza Hotel 
  SPLASH 2018 
  Dining 
  Welcome 
  Awards 
  Registration 
  Support 
  Sponsoring 
  Visa 
  Conduct 
  Program | SLE Program 
  Your Program 
   Sun 4 Nov 
  Mon 5 Nov 
  Tue 6 Nov 
  Wed 7 Nov 
  Thu 8 Nov 
  Fri 9 Nov 
  Track/Call 
  Organization | SLE 2018 Committees 
  Track Committees 
  Keynote Speaker 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Artifact Evaluation Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   SLE 2025 
  SLE 2024 
  SLE 2023 
  SLE 2022 
  SLE 2021 
  SLE 2020 
  SLE 2019 
  SLE 2018 
  SLE 2017 
  SLE 2016 
  SLE 2015 
  SLE 2013 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  SPLASH 2018  ( series  ) /  SLE 2018 ( series  ) /  SLE 2018  
   
 About 
  Program 
  Accepted Papers 
  Artifact Evaluation 
  SLEBoK 
  Call for Papers 
  The ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Software Language Engineering (SLE) is devoted to the principles of software languages: their design, their implementation, and their evolution.  
 With the ubiquity of computers, software has become the dominating intellectual asset of our time. In turn, this software depends on software languages, namely the languages it is written in, the languages used to describe its environment, and the languages driving its development process. Given that everything depends on software and that software depends on software languages, it seems fair to say that for many years to come, everything will depend on software languages.  
 Software language engineering  (SLE) is the discipline of engineering languages and their tools required for the creation of software. It abstracts from the differences between programming languages, modelling languages, and other software languages, and emphasizes the engineering facet of the creation of such languages, that is, the establishment of the scientific methods and practices that enable the best results. While SLE is certainly driven by its metacircular character (software languages are engineered using software languages), SLE is not self-satisfying: its scope extends to the engineering of languages for all and everything.  
 Like its predecessors, the 11th edition of the SLE conference, SLE 2018, will bring together researchers from different areas united by their common interest in the creation, capture, and tooling of software languages. It overlaps with traditional conferences on the design and implementation of programming languages, model-driven engineering, and compiler construction, and emphasizes the fusion of their communities. To foster the latter, SLE traditionally fills a two-day program with a single track, with the only temporal overlap occurring between co-located events.  
 SLE 2018 is to be held on November 5th and 6th 2018, co-located with SPLASH  and GPCE  in Boston, USA.  
 Community website: | http://www.sleconf.org/2018 
  Conference website: | https://conf.researchr.org/track/sle-2018/papers 
  Submission website: | https://sle18.hotcrp.com 
  Proceedings are available online  .  
 Supporters   
   
   Gold Sponsor   
   Gold Sponsor   

 Dates    

   Program Display Configuration  
   
   Time Zone   
   
 The program is currently displayed in (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  .   Use conference time zone: (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey    Select other time zone   (GMT-12:00) AoE (Anywhere On Earth)  (GMT-11:00) Midway Island, Samoa  (GMT-09:00) Hawaii-Aleutian  (GMT-10:00) Hawaii  (GMT-09:30) Marquesas Islands  (GMT-09:00) Gambier Islands  (GMT-08:00) Alaska  (GMT-07:00) Tijuana, Baja California  (GMT-08:00) Pitcairn Islands  (GMT-07:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-06:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-07:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan  (GMT-07:00) Arizona  (GMT-06:00) Saskatchewan, Central America  (GMT-05:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  (GMT-05:00) Easter Island  (GMT-05:00) Central Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-04:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)  (GMT-05:00) Cuba  (GMT-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco  (GMT-04:00) Caracas  (GMT-03:00) Santiago  (GMT-04:00) La Paz  (GMT-03:00) Faukland Islands  (GMT-03:00) Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil  (GMT-04:00) Atlantic Time (Goose Bay)  (GMT-04:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)  (GMT-03:30) Newfoundland  (GMT-03:00) UTC-3  (GMT-03:00) Montevideo  (GMT-03:00) Miquelon, St. Pierre  (GMT-03:00) Greenland  (GMT-03:00) Buenos Aires  (GMT-02:00) Brasilia, Distrito Federal, Brazil  (GMT-02:00) Mid-Atlantic  (GMT-01:00) Cape Verde Is.  (GMT-01:00) Azores  (UTC) Coordinated Universal Time  (GMT) Belfast  (GMT) Dublin  (GMT) Lisbon  (GMT) London  (GMT) Monrovia, Reykjavik  (GMT+01:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna  (GMT+01:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague  (GMT+01:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris  (GMT+01:00) West Central Africa  (GMT+02:00) Windhoek  (GMT+02:00) Athens  (GMT+02:00) Beirut  (GMT+02:00) Cairo  (GMT+02:00) Gaza  (GMT+02:00) Harare, Pretoria  (GMT+02:00) Jerusalem  (GMT+03:00) Minsk  (GMT+02:00) Syria  (GMT+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg, Volgograd  (GMT+03:00) Nairobi  (GMT+03:30) Tehran  (GMT+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat  (GMT+04:00) Yerevan  (GMT+04:30) Kabul  (GMT+05:00) Ekaterinburg  (GMT+05:00) Tashkent  (GMT+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi  (GMT+05:45) Kathmandu  (GMT+06:00) Astana, Dhaka  (GMT+07:00) Novosibirsk  (GMT+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)  (GMT+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta  (GMT+07:00) Krasnoyarsk  (GMT+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi  (GMT+08:00) Irkutsk, Ulaan Bataar  (GMT+08:00) Perth  (GMT+08:45) Eucla  (GMT+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo  (GMT+09:00) Seoul  (GMT+09:00) Yakutsk  (GMT+10:30) Adelaide  (GMT+09:30) Darwin  (GMT+10:00) Brisbane  (GMT+11:00) Hobart  (GMT+10:00) Vladivostok  (GMT+11:00) Lord Howe Island  (GMT+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia  (GMT+11:00) Magadan  (GMT+11:00) Norfolk Island  (GMT+12:00) Anadyr, Kamchatka  (GMT+13:00) Auckland, Wellington  (GMT+12:00) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is.  (GMT+13:45) Chatham Islands  (GMT+13:00) Nuku'alofa  (GMT+14:00) Kiritimati     

   The GMT offsets shown reflect the offsets at the moment of the conference  .     
   
 Time Band   
   
 By setting a time band, the program will dim events that are outside this time window. This is useful for (virtual) conferences with a continuous program (with repeated sessions).  
  The time band will also limit the events that are included in the personal iCalendar subscription service.   Display full program    Specify a time band   -      

  Save    

  Close    

 ×    You're viewing the program in a time zone which is different from your device's time zone change time zone     

 Mon 5 Nov   
  
 Displayed time zone: Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  change      

 10:30 - 12:00 | Parsing SLE 2018   at Studio 1   
  Chair(s): Tijs van der Storm  CWI & University of Groningen 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Declarative Specification of Indentation Rules: A Tooling Perspective on Parsing and Pretty-Printing Layout-Sensitive Languages   SLE 2018   
 Luis Eduardo de Souza Amorim  Delft University of Technology, Netherlands  , Michael J. Steindorfer  Delft University of Technology  , Sebastian Erdweg  TU Delft  , Eelco Visser  Delft University of Technology    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 11:00   
 30m    
 Talk | GLL Parsing with Flexible Combinators   SLE 2018   
 L. Thomas van Binsbergen  Royal Holloway University of London  , Elizabeth Scott  Royal Holloway University of London  , Adrian Johnstone     
  File Attached 
 11:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Morbig: A Static Parser for POSIX Shell   SLE 2018   
 Yann Régis-Gianas  IRIF, University Paris Diderot and CNRS, France / INRIA PI.R2  , Nicolas Jeannerod  IRIF, Université de Paris  , Ralf Treinen  IRIF 

 13:30 - 15:00 | Parsing / Composition SLE 2018   at Studio 1   
  Chair(s): Eelco Visser  Delft University of Technology 
 13:30   
 20m    
 Talk | Input-Driven Regular Expressions (Vision Paper) Vision / New Idea      SLE 2018   
 Alexander Sakharov  Synstretch 
 13:50   
 30m    
 Talk | Modular Language Composition for the Masses   SLE 2018   
 Manuel Leduc  Univ Rennes, Inria, CNRS, IRISA  , Thomas Degueule  Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica  , Benoit Combemale  University of Rennes 1    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 14:20   
 20m    
 Talk | Storm: A Language Platform for Interacting and Extensible Languages (Tool Demo) Tool Demo      SLE 2018   
 Filip Strömbäck  Linköping University    
  DOI 
 14:40   
 20m    
 Talk | Languages as First-Class Citizens (Vision Paper) Vision / New Idea      SLE 2018   
 Matteo Cimini  University of Massachusetts Lowell 

 15:30 - 17:30 | Validation & Verification SLE 2018   at Studio 1   
  Chair(s): Marsha Chechik  University of Toronto 
 15:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Continuous Model Validation using Reference Attribute Grammars   SLE 2018   
 Johannes Mey  Technische Universität Dresden  , René Schöne  Technische Universität Dresden  , Görel Hedin   , Emma Söderberg  Lund University  , Thomas Kühn  Technische Universität Dresden  , Niklas Fors  Lund University  , Jesper Oqvist  Lund University  , Uwe Aßmann  TU Dresden, Germany    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print   Media Attached 
 16:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Migrating Business Logic to an Incremental Computing DSL: A Case Study   SLE 2018   
 Daco Harkes  Delft University of Technology  , Elmer van Chastelet  Delft University of Technology  , Eelco Visser  Delft University of Technology    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 16:30   
 20m    
 Talk | An Industrial Case Study in Compiler Testing (Tool Demo) Tool Demo      SLE 2018   
 Vadim Zaytsev  Raincode Labs 
 16:50   
 20m    
 Talk | Messir, a Text-first DSL-based Approach for UML Requirements Engineering (Tool Demo) Tool Demo      SLE 2018   
 Benoît Ries  University of Luxembourg  , Alfredo Capozucca  University of Luxembourg  , Nicolas Guelfi  University of Luxembourg    
  DOI 

 Tue 6 Nov   
  
 Displayed time zone: Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey  change      

 08:30 - 10:00 | Keynote: Rinard SLE 2018   at Studio 1 
 08:30   
 15m    
 Day opening | Awards   SLE 2018   
 Friedrich Steimann  Fernuniversität  , Tanja Mayerhofer  TU Wien  , Matthew Roberts  Macquarie University  , Romina Eramo  University of L'Aquila 
 08:45   
 75m    
 Talk | A New Approach for Software Correctness and Reliability Keynote      SLE 2018   
 Martin C. Rinard  Massachusetts Institute of Technology 

 10:30 - 12:00 | Types & Constraints SLE 2018   at Studio 1   
  Chair(s): Ralf Laemmel  Facebook London 
 10:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Constraint-based Run-time State Migration for Live Modeling   SLE 2018   
 Ulyana Tikhonova  CWI  , Jouke Stoel  CWI  , Tijs van der Storm  CWI & University of Groningen  , Thomas Degueule  Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica 
 11:00   
 30m    
 Talk | The Next 700 Unit Checkers   SLE 2018   
 Oscar Bennich-Björkman  Uppsala University  , Steve McKeever  Uppsala University 
 11:30   
 30m    
 Talk | A Practical Type System for Safe Aliasing   SLE 2018   
 Dimi Racordon  University of Geneva, Centre Universitaire d'Informatique, Geneva, Switzerland  , Didier Buchs  University of Geneva, Centre Universitaire d'Informatique, Geneva, Switzerland 

 13:30 - 15:00 | Grammars & Metamodelling SLE 2018   at Studio 1   
  Chair(s): Thomas Degueule  Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica 
 13:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Facet-Oriented Modelling: Open Objects for Model-Driven Engineering   SLE 2018   
 Juan de Lara  Universidad Autónoma de Madrid  , Esther Guerra  Universidad Autónoma de Madrid  , Jörg Kienzle  McGill University, Canada  , Yanis Hattab  McGill University 
 14:00   
 30m    
 Talk | Analysing Meta-Model Product Lines   SLE 2018   
 Esther Guerra  Universidad Autónoma de Madrid  , Juan de Lara  Universidad Autónoma de Madrid  , Marsha Chechik  University of Toronto  , Rick Salay  University of Toronto 
 14:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Translating Grammars to Accurate Metamodels   SLE 2018   
 Arvid Butting  Software Engineering RWTH Aachen University  , Nico Jansen  Software Engineering, RWTH Aachen University  , Bernhard Rumpe  RWTH Aachen University  , Andreas Wortmann  RWTH Aachen University 

 15:30 - 17:30 | Grammars & Metamodelling / Workbenches SLE 2018   at Studio 1   
  Chair(s): Juan de Lara  Universidad Autónoma de Madrid 
 15:30   
 30m    
 Talk | Deriving Fluent Internal Domain-Specific Languages from Grammars   SLE 2018   
 Arvid Butting  Software Engineering RWTH Aachen University  , Manuela Dalibor  Software Engineering, RWTH Aachen University  , Gerrit Leonhardt  Software Engineering, RWTH Aachen University  , Bernhard Rumpe  RWTH Aachen University  , Andreas Wortmann  RWTH Aachen University 
 16:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Fostering Metamodels and Grammars Within a Dedicated Environment for HPC: The NabLab Environment (Tool Demo) Tool Demo      SLE 2018   
 Benoît Lelandais  CEA/DAM/DIF, France  , Marie-Pierre Oudot  CEA/DAM/DIF, France  , Benoit Combemale  University of Rennes 1 
 16:20   
 20m    
 Talk | Migrating Custom DSL Implementations to a Language Workbench (Tool Demo) Tool Demo      SLE 2018   
 Jasper Denkers  TU Delft  , Louis van Gool  Océ Technologies B.V.  , Eelco Visser  Delft University of Technology    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 16:40   
 20m    
 Talk | Bacatá: A Language Parametric Notebook Generator (Tool Demo) Tool Demo      SLE 2018   
 Mauricio Verano Merino  Technische Universiteit Eindhoven  , Jurgen Vinju  Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica / Technische Universiteit Eindhoven / SWAT.engineering BV  , Tijs van der Storm  CWI & University of Groningen 
 17:00   
 20m    
 Talk | Shape-Diverse DSLs: Languages without Borders (Vision Paper) Vision / New Idea      SLE 2018   
 Fabien Coulon  University of Toulouse / Obeo  , Thomas Degueule  Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica  , Tijs van der Storm  CWI & University of Groningen  , Benoit Combemale  University of Rennes 1    
  Pre-print 

 Unscheduled Events  
  
 Not scheduled   
  Talk | GPCE Keynote: How to Make Sparse Fast Keynote      SLE 2018   
 Saman Amarasinghe  MIT 
 Not scheduled   
  Day opening | Opening   SLE 2018   
 David J. Pearce  Victoria University of Wellington  , Friedrich Steimann  Fernuniversität  , Tanja Mayerhofer  TU Wien 

 Accepted Papers  
  
 Title 
 Analysing Meta-Model Product Lines  SLE 2018   
 Esther Guerra  , Juan de Lara  , Marsha Chechik  , Rick Salay 
 An Industrial Case Study in Compiler Testing (Tool Demo) Tool Demo     SLE 2018   
 Vadim Zaytsev 
 A Practical Type System for Safe Aliasing  SLE 2018   
 Dimi Racordon  , Didier Buchs 
 Awards  SLE 2018   
 Friedrich Steimann  , Tanja Mayerhofer  , Matthew Roberts  , Romina Eramo 
 Bacatá: A Language Parametric Notebook Generator (Tool Demo) Tool Demo     SLE 2018   
 Mauricio Verano Merino  , Jurgen Vinju  , Tijs van der Storm 
 Constraint-based Run-time State Migration for Live Modeling  SLE 2018   
 Ulyana Tikhonova  , Jouke Stoel  , Tijs van der Storm  , Thomas Degueule 
 Continuous Model Validation using Reference Attribute Grammars  SLE 2018   
 Johannes Mey  , René Schöne  , Görel Hedin  , Emma Söderberg  , Thomas Kühn  , Niklas Fors  , Jesper Oqvist  , Uwe Aßmann    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print   Media Attached 
 Declarative Specification of Indentation Rules: A Tooling Perspective on Parsing and Pretty-Printing Layout-Sensitive Languages  SLE 2018   
 Luis Eduardo de Souza Amorim  , Michael J. Steindorfer  , Sebastian Erdweg  , Eelco Visser    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 Deriving Fluent Internal Domain-Specific Languages from Grammars  SLE 2018   
 Arvid Butting  , Manuela Dalibor  , Gerrit Leonhardt  , Bernhard Rumpe  , Andreas Wortmann 
 Facet-Oriented Modelling: Open Objects for Model-Driven Engineering  SLE 2018   
 Juan de Lara  , Esther Guerra  , Jörg Kienzle  , Yanis Hattab 
 Fostering Metamodels and Grammars Within a Dedicated Environment for HPC: The NabLab Environment (Tool Demo) Tool Demo     SLE 2018   
 Benoît Lelandais  , Marie-Pierre Oudot  , Benoit Combemale 
 GLL Parsing with Flexible Combinators  SLE 2018   
 L. Thomas van Binsbergen  , Elizabeth Scott  , Adrian Johnstone    
  File Attached 
 GPCE Keynote: How to Make Sparse Fast Keynote     SLE 2018   
 Saman Amarasinghe 
 Input-Driven Regular Expressions (Vision Paper) Vision / New Idea     SLE 2018   
 Alexander Sakharov 
 Languages as First-Class Citizens (Vision Paper) Vision / New Idea     SLE 2018   
 Matteo Cimini 
 Messir, a Text-first DSL-based Approach for UML Requirements Engineering (Tool Demo) Tool Demo     SLE 2018   
 Benoît Ries  , Alfredo Capozucca  , Nicolas Guelfi    
  DOI 
 Migrating Business Logic to an Incremental Computing DSL: A Case Study  SLE 2018   
 Daco Harkes  , Elmer van Chastelet  , Eelco Visser    
  Link to publication   DOI   Pre-print 
 Migrating Custom DSL Implementations to a Language Workbench (Tool Demo) Tool Demo     SLE 2018   
 Jasper Denkers  , Louis van Gool  , Eelco Visser    
  Link to publication   DOI 
 Modular Language Composition for the Masses  SLE 2018   
 Manuel Leduc  , Thomas Degueule  , Benoit Combemale    
  DOI   Pre-print 
 Morbig: A Static Parser for POSIX Shell  SLE 2018   
 Yann Régis-Gianas  , Nicolas Jeannerod  , Ralf Treinen 
 Opening  SLE 2018   
 David J. Pearce  , Friedrich Steimann  , Tanja Mayerhofer 
 Shape-Diverse DSLs: Languages without Borders (Vision Paper) Vision / New Idea     SLE 2018   
 Fabien Coulon  , Thomas Degueule  , Tijs van der Storm  , Benoit Combemale    
  Pre-print 
 Storm: A Language Platform for Interacting and Extensible Languages (Tool Demo) Tool Demo     SLE 2018   
 Filip Strömbäck    
  DOI 
 The Next 700 Unit Checkers  SLE 2018   
 Oscar Bennich-Björkman  , Steve McKeever 
 Translating Grammars to Accurate Metamodels  SLE 2018   
 Arvid Butting  , Nico Jansen  , Bernhard Rumpe  , Andreas Wortmann 

 Call for Papers  
  
 Topics of Interest   
 SLE 2018 solicits high-quality contributions in areas ranging from theoretical and conceptual contributions, to tools, techniques, and frameworks in the domain of software language engineering. Topics relevant to SLE cover generic aspects of software languages development rather than aspects of engineering a specific language. In particular, SLE is interested in contributions from the following areas:  
 Software Language Design and Implementation | Approaches to and methods for language design 
  Static semantics (e.g., design rules, well-formedness constraints) 
  Techniques for specifying behavioral / executable semantics 
  Generative approaches (incl. code synthesis, compilation) 
  Meta-languages, meta-tools, language workbenches 
  Software Language Validation | Verification and formal methods for languages 
  Testing techniques for languages 
  Simulation techniques for languages 
  Software Language Integration and Composition | Coordination of heterogeneous languages and tools 
  Mappings between languages (incl. transformation languages) 
  Traceability between languages 
  Deployment of languages to different platforms 
  Software Language Maintenance | Software language reuse 
  Language evolution 
  Language families and variability 
  Domain-specific approaches for any aspects of SLE (design, implementation, validation, maintenance) 
  Empirical evaluation and experience reports of language engineering tools | User studies evaluating usability 
  Performance benchmarks 
  Industrial applications 
  Types of Submissions   
 Research papers:  These should report a substantial research contribution to SLE or successful application of SLE techniques or both. Full paper submissions must not exceed 12 pages excluding bibliography. 
  Tool papers:  Because of SLE’s interest in tools, we seek papers that present software tools related to the field of SLE. Selection criteria include originality of the tool, its innovative aspects, and relevance to SLE. Any of the SLE topics of interest are appropriate areas for tool demonstrations. Submissions must provide a tool description of 4 pages excluding bibliography, and a demonstration outline including screenshots of up to 6 pages. Tool demonstrations must have the keywords “Tool Demo” or “Tool Demonstration” in the title. The 4-page tool description will, if the demonstration is accepted, be published in the proceedings. The 6-page demonstration outline will be used by the program committee only for evaluating the submission. 
  New ideas / vision papers:  New ideas papers should describe new, non-conventional SLE research approaches that depart from standard practice. They are intended to describe well-defined research ideas that are at an early stage of investigation. Vision papers are intended to present new unifying theories about existing SLE research that can lead to the development of new technologies or approaches. New ideas / vision papers must not exceed 4 pages excluding bibliography. 
  Workshops:  Workshops will be organized by SPLASH. Please inform us and contact the SPLASH organizers if you would like to organize a workshop of interest to the SLE audience. Information on how to submit workshops can be found at the SPLASH 2018 Website  .  
 Artifact Evaluation   
 For the third year SLE will use an evaluation process for assessing the quality of the artifacts on which papers are based to foster the culture of experimental reproducibility. Authors of accepted papers are invited to submit artifacts. For more information, please have a look at the Artifact Evaluation  page.  
 Submission   
 Format   
 Submissions have to use the ACM SIGPLAN Conference Format “acmart”  ; please make sure that you always use the latest ACM SIGPLAN acmart LaTeX template  , and that the document class definition is \documentclass[sigplan,screen]{acmart}  . Do not make any changes to this format!  
 Using the Word template is strongly discouraged.  
 Ensure that your submission is legible when printed on a black and white printer. In particular, please check that colors remain distinct and font sizes in figures and tables are legible.  
 SLE follows a single-blind review process. Thus, you do not have to blind your submission.  
 All submissions must be in PDF format.  
 Concurrent Submissions   
 Papers must describe unpublished work that is not currently submitted for publication elsewhere as described by SIGPLAN’s Republication Policy  . Submitters should also be aware of ACM’s Policy and Procedures on Plagiarism  . Submissions that violate these policies will be desk-rejected.  
 Submission Site   
 Submissions will be accepted at https://sle18.hotcrp.com/  .  
 Reviewing Process   
 All submitted papers will be reviewed by at least three members of the program committee. Research papers and tool papers will be evaluated concerning novelty, correctness, significance, readability, and alignment with the conference call. New ideas / vision papers will be evaluated primarily concerning novelty, significance, readability, and alignment with the conference call.  
 For fairness reasons, all submitted papers must conform to the above instructions. Submissions that violate these instructions may be rejected without review, at the discretion of the PC chairs.  
 Awards   
 Distinguished paper: | Award for most notable paper, as determined by the PC chairs based on the recommendations of the programme committee. 
  Distinguished reviewer: | Award for distinguished reviewer, as determined by the PC chairs. 
  Distinguished artifact: | Award for the artifact most significantly exceeding expectations, as determined by the AEC chairs based on the recommendations of the artifact evaluation committee. 
  Publication   
 All accepted papers will be published in the ACM Digital Library.  
 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE:  The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
 Contact   
 For additional information, clarification, or answers to questions, please contact the organizers by email: sle2018@googlegroups.com  .  

 Artifact Evaluation  
   
 SLE will, for the third year, use an evaluation process for assessing the quality of artifacts on which papers are based. The aim of this evaluation process is to foster a culture of experimental reproducibility and to provide a peer review process for artifacts as well as papers.  
 Authors of papers accepted for SLE 2018 will be invited to submit artifacts. Any kind of artifact that is presented in the paper, supplements the paper with further details, or underlies the paper can be submitted. This includes, for instance; tools, grammars, metamodels, models, programs, algorithms, scripts, proofs, datasets, statistical tests, checklists, surveys, interview scripts, visualizations, annotated bibliographies, and tutorials.  
 The submitted artifacts will be reviewed by a dedicated Artifact Evaluation Committee (AEC). Artifacts that live up to the expectations created by the paper will receive a badge of approval from the AEC. The approved artifacts will be invited for inclusion in the electronic conference proceedings published in the ACM Digital Library. This will ensure the permanent and durable storage of the artifacts alongside the published papers fostering the repeatability of experiments, enabling precise comparison with alternative approaches, and helping the dissemination of the author’s ideas in detail.  
 The AEC will award the artifact that most significantly exceeds the expectations with a Distinguished Artifact Award.  
 Participating in the artifact evaluation and publishing approved artifacts in the ACM Digital Library is voluntary. However, we strongly encourage authors to consider this possibility as the availability of artifacts will greatly benefit readers of papers and increase the impact of the work. Note that the artifact evaluation cannot affect the acceptance of the paper, because it only happens after the decision about acceptance has been made.  
 The artifact evaluation process of SLE borrows heavily from processes described at artifact-eval.org  and from previous experience in SLE, ECOOP, and ICSCME. The process is detailed in the below.  
 Submission   
 If and when your paper has been accepted for SLE 2018, you will be invited by the AEC chairs to submit the artifacts related to your work. This invitation will contain detailed instructions on how to submit your artifacts.  
 An artifact submission comprises the following components:  
 Paper: Preliminary PDF version of the accepted SLE 2018 paper. The paper will be used to evaluate the consistency of the accepted paper and the submitted artifact, as well as to assess whether the artifact lives up to the expectations created by the paper. 
  Authors of the artifact: This list may include people who are not authors of the accepted paper, but contributed to creating the artifact. 
  Abstract: A short description of the artifact to be used for assignments of artifacts to AEC members. 
  Artifact: An archive file ( | gz | , | xz | , or | zip | ) containing everything needed for supporting a full evaluation of the artifact. The archive file has to include at least the artifact itself and a text file | README.txt | that contains the following information: | An overview of the archive file documenting the content of the archive. 
  A setup / installation guide giving detailed instructions on how to setup or install the submitted artifact. 
  Detailed step-by-step instructions on how to reproduce any experiments or other activities that support the conclusions given in the paper. 
  If multiple artifacts relate to an accepted SLE paper, all artifacts should be collected in one archive and submitted together in one single submission. For instance, if a tool has been developed, a tutorial has been authored with detailed instructions on how to use the tool, and user studies have been performed for evaluating the tool’s properties, the tool, the tutorial, and the raw data collected in the user study should be packed in one archive file and submitted together in one single submission to the SLE 2018 artifact evaluation.  
 When preparing your artifact, consider that your artifact should be as accessible to the AEC as possible. In particular, it should be possible for the AEC to quickly make progress in the investigation of your artifact. Please provide some simple scenarios describing concretely how the artifact is intended to be used. For a tool, this would include specific inputs to provide or actions to take, and expected output or behavior in response to this input.  
 For artifacts that are tools, it is recommended to provide the tool installed and ready to use on a virtual machine for VirtualBox, VMware, SHARE, a Docker image, or a similar widely available platform.  
 Please use widely supported open formats for documents (e.g., PDF, HTML) and data (e.g., CSV, JSON).  
 Evaluation Process   
 Submitted artifacts will be evaluated by the AEC concerning the following criteria. Artifacts should be:  
 consistent with the paper, 
  as complete as possible, 
  well documented, and 
  easy to (re)use, facilitating further research. 
  Each submitted artifact will be evaluated by at least two members of the AEC. Thereby, the artifacts will be treated confidentially, as with the submitted paper.  
 Artifacts that pass the evaluation will receive an “Artifact Evaluated - Functional” badge and be invited for inclusion in the electronic conference proceedings published in the ACM Digital Library. Artifacts that will be included in the ACM Digital Library or that will be made permanently available in another publicly accessible archival repository will also receive the “Artifact Available” badge. Detailed definitions of these badges and the respective evaluation criteria may be found at the ACM Artifact Review Badging site.  
 The evaluation consists of two steps:  
 Kicking-the-tires: Reviewers will check the artifact’s integrity and look for any possible setup problems that may prevent it from being properly evaluated (e.g., corrupted or missing files, VM won’t start, immediate crashes on the simplest example, etc.). In case of any problems, authors will be given a 48-hour period (September 14-15) to read and respond to the kick-the-tires reports of their artifacts and solve any issues preventing the artifact evaluation. 
  Artifact assessment: Reviewers evaluate the artifacts and decide on the approval of the artifact. 
  Notification about the outcome of the artifact evaluation and reviews including suggestions for improving the artifacts will be distributed about one week before the deadline for the final version of the research paper, such that the outcome can be mentioned in the paper and the final artifact can be uploaded for inclusion in the ACM Digital Library.  
 Important Dates   
 August 31, 2018: Artifact submission 
  September 14, 2018: Kick-the-tires author response 
  October 10, 2018: Artifact notification 
  Artifact Evaluation Chairs:   
 Romina Eramo | , University of L’Aquila, Italy 
  Matthew Roberts | , Macquarie University, Australia 
  Artifact Evaluation Committee   
 to be announced  
 Further Information   
 For further information on the artifact evaluation of SLE 2018, feel free to contact the artifact evaluation chairs with an e-mail to matthew.roberts@mq.edu.au  or romina.eramo@univaq.it   
   
 SLEBoK  
   
 The Software Language Engineering Body of Knowledge (SLEBoK) is a community-wide effort to provide a unique and comprehensive description of the concepts, tools and methods developed by the SLE community.  
 The SLEBoK workshop is a continuation of efforts from the SLEBoK Dagstuhl Seminar of 2017, as well as earlier brainstorming events like the SL(E)BOK workshop at SLE 2012. To get more information about the workshop visit the workshop’s web page  .  

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Mon 5 - Tue 6 Nov 2018  
  SLE Conference 
 Sun 4 Nov 2018  
  SLE Workshops 
 Fri 12 Oct 2018   
  Deadline for Artifact-Related Paper Updates 
 Wed 10 Oct 2018   
  Artifact Notification 
 Fri 5 Oct 2018   
  Camera Ready Deadline 
 Fri 14 Sep 2018   
  Artifact Kick-the-Tires Evaluation Author Response 
 Fri 31 Aug 2018   
  Artifact Submission 
 Fri 24 Aug 2018   
  Author Notification 
 Fri 6 Jul 2018   
  Paper Submission 
 Fri 29 Jun 2018   
  Abstract Submission 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://sle18.hotcrp.com/     
   
 Keynote Speaker    
   
 Martin C. Rinard    
 Massachusetts Institute of Technology   
 United States 
    
 Organizing Committee    
   
 David J. Pearce General Chair    
 Victoria University of Wellington   
 New Zealand 
  Tanja Mayerhofer PC Co-Chair    
 TU Wien   
 Austria 
  Friedrich Steimann PC Co-Chair    
 Fernuniversität   
 Germany 
  Romina Eramo Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair    
 University of L'Aquila   
 Italy 
  Matthew Roberts Artifact Evaluation Co-Chair    
 Macquarie University   
 Australia 
  Andrei Chiş Publicity Chair    
 feenk   
 Switzerland 
    
 Program Committee    
   
 Anya Helene Bagge Committee Member    
 University of Bergen   
 Norway 
  Andrew Black Committee Member    
 Portland State University   
 United States 
  Erwan Bousse Committee Member    
 TU Wien   
 France 
  Marco Brambilla Committee Member    
 Politecnico di Milano   
 Italy 
  Ruth Breu Committee Member    
 QE LaB   
 Austria 
  Walter Cazzola Committee Member    
 Università degli Studi di Milano   
 Italy 
  Marsha Chechik Committee Member    
 University of Toronto   
 Canada 
  Tony Clark Committee Member    
 Sheffield Hallam University   
 United Kingdom 
  Juan de Lara Committee Member    
 Universidad Autónoma de Madrid   
 Spain 
  Thomas Degueule Committee Member    
 Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica   
 France 
  Juergen Dingel Committee Member    
 Queen's University   
 Canada 
  Tom Dinkelaker Committee Member    
 Ericsson, Germany   
 Germany 
  Sebastian Erdweg Committee Member    
 TU Delft   
 Netherlands 
  Bernd Fischer Committee Member    
 Stellenbosch University   
 South Africa 
  Esther Guerra Committee Member    
 Universidad Autónoma de Madrid   
 Spain 
  Daco Harkes Committee Member    
 Delft University of Technology   
 Netherlands 
  Robert Hirschfeld Committee Member    
 HPI, University of Potsdam   
 Germany 
  Michael Homer Committee Member    
 Victoria University of Wellington   
 New Zealand 
  Dimitris Kolovos Committee Member    
 University of York   
 United Kingdom 
  Ralf Laemmel Committee Member    
 Facebook London   
 Germany 
  Marjan Mernik Committee Member    
 University of Maribor   
 Slovenia 
  Gunter Mussbacher Committee Member    
 McGill University   
 Canada 
  James Noble Committee Member    
 Victoria University of Wellington   
 New Zealand 
  Bruno C. d. S. Oliveira Committee Member    
 The University of Hong Kong   
 China 
  Christoph Reichenbach Committee Member    
 Lund University   
 Sweden 
  Jan Oliver Ringert Committee Member    
 Tel Aviv University   
 Germany 
  Bernhard Rumpe Committee Member    
 RWTH Aachen University   
 Germany 
  Markus Schordan Committee Member    
 Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory   
 United States 
  Anthony Sloane Committee Member    
 Macquarie University   
 Australia 
  Emma Söderberg Committee Member    
 Lund University   
 Sweden 
  Mark van den Brand Committee Member    
 Eindhoven University of Technology   
 Netherlands 
  Tijs van der Storm Committee Member    
 CWI & University of Groningen   
 Netherlands 
  Eelco Visser Committee Member    
 Delft University of Technology   
 Netherlands 
  Eric Walkingshaw Committee Member    
 Oregon State University   
 United States 
  Andreas Wortmann Committee Member    
 RWTH Aachen University   
 Germany 
  Vadim Zaytsev Committee Member    
 Raincode Labs   
 Belgium 
    
 Artifact Evaluation Committee    
   
 Arvid Butting Committee Member    
 Software Engineering RWTH Aachen University   
 Germany 
  Anna Eilertsen Committee Member    
 University of Bergen, Norway   
 Norway 
  Abel Gómez Committee Member    
 Universitat Oberta de Catalunya   
 Spain 
  Marcel Heinz    
 University of Koblenz-Landau, Germany 
  Ludovico Iovino Committee Member    
 Gran Sasso Science Institute, L'Aquila, Italy 
  Sven Keidel Committee Member    
 Delft University of Technology, Netherlands   
 Netherlands 
  Thomas Kühn Committee Member    
 Technische Universität Dresden   
 Germany 
  Manuel Leduc Committee Member    
 Univ Rennes, Inria, CNRS, IRISA   
 France 
  Andrea Mauri Committee Member    
 Delft University of Technology, Netherlands   
 Netherlands 
  Jesper Oqvist Committee Member    
 Lund University 
  Juri Di Rocco    
 Università di L'Aquila   
 Italy 
  Michele Tucci Committee Member    
 University of L'Aquila, Italy 
  Luis Eduardo de Souza Amorim Committee Member    
 Delft University of Technology, Netherlands   
 Netherlands 

 x  Wed 4 Dec 13:50    

  SLE 2018   
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 Tracks  
 SLE 2018    

 Attending  
 Venue: Boston Park Plaza Hotel   
  Dining   
  Welcome   
  Awards   
  Registration   
  Support   
  Sponsoring   
  Visa   
  Code of Conduct    
 Sign Up    

  