TechDebt 2025   Sun 27 - Mon 28 April 2025 Ottawa, Ontario, Canada    
 co-located with ICSE 2025    

 Toggle navigation        
 Call for Papers | TechDebt 2025 
  Technical Papers 
  Journal First 
  Junior Program Committee 
  Attending | Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre) 
  Keynotes 
  ICSE 2025 
  Registration 
  Hotels 
  Visa and Travel Authorization 
  Travelling to Ottawa 
  Getting Around Ottawa 
  Food at ICSE2025 
  Code of Conduct 
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan 
  Fun Activities 
  Mentoring Program 
  Organization | TechDebt 2025 Committees 
  Organizing Committee 
  Track Committees 
  Technical Papers 
  Junior Program Committee 
  Contributors 
  People Index 
  Search 
  Series | Series 
   TechDebt 2025 
  TechDebt 2024 
  TechDebt 2023 
  TechDebt 2022 
  TechDebt 2021 
  TechDebt 2020 
  TechDebt 2019 
  TechDebt 2018 
  Sign in 
  Sign up 

  ICSE 2025  ( series  ) /   TechDebt 2025  ( series  ) /  Technical Papers TechDebt 2025   
   
 About 
  Call for Papers 
  Technical Debt stands as a pivotal metaphor in the realm of software evolution, representing development shortcuts taken for expediency that cause the degradation of internal software quality. A critical element of the technical debt metaphor is its ability to bridge the communication gap between technical and non-technical stakeholders within software development teams. The International Conference on Technical Debt (TechDebt) is the flagship conference dedicated to discuss how to identify, address, and manage technical debt in software projects. This premier event unites leading researchers and practitioners in software engineering to explore diverse strategies for managing various forms of technical debt, share experiences and best practices, and identify the most pressing challenges faced by both industry and academia.  
 The 8th International Conference on Technical Debt will be held in April 2025 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. As the previous editions, TechDebt will be co-located with the 47th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE 2025).  
   
 Call for Papers  
  
 Motivation   
 Technical Debt stands as a pivotal metaphor in the realm of software evolution, representing development shortcuts taken for expediency that cause the degradation of internal software quality. A critical element of the technical debt metaphor is its ability to bridge the communication gap between technical and non-technical stakeholders within software development teams. The International Conference on Technical Debt (TechDebt) is the flagship conference dedicated to discuss how to identify, address, and manage technical debt in software projects. This premier event unites leading researchers and practitioners in software engineering to explore diverse strategies for managing various forms of technical debt, share experiences and best practices, and identify the most pressing challenges faced by both industry and academia.  
 The 8th International Conference on Technical Debt will be held in April 2025 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. As the previous editions, TechDebt will be co-located with the 47th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE 2025).  
 Topics   
 The TechDebt conference warmly invites research and practical contributions to its Technical Track. The topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 Investigations on Specific Technical Debt Types   
 Specific technical debt types (e.g., test debt, build debt, architectural debt) 
  Less studied kinds of technical debt (e.g., requirement, documentation, security debt) 
  Other types of debt (e.g., social debt, process debt) 
  Debt in specific domains (e.g., AI-based systems, mobile applications) 
  Case Studies and Practical Experiences   
 Case studies on successful and unsuccessful technical debt management practices 
  Case studies on the remediation of technical debt in real-world projects 
  Experiences from industry on managing and paying down technical debt 
  Empirical evidence on the effectiveness of technical debt management tools and approaches 
  Tools and Approaches for Managing Technical Debt   
 Tools, demos, and libraries to identify, assess, and manage technical debt 
  Methods and frameworks for identifying, monitoring, and managing technical debt 
  Decision frameworks for prioritizing debt items against features and other debts 
  Estimation of technical debt principal and interest 
  Quality assurance practices to minimize and address technical debt 
  Human and Organizational Factors   
 Human factors in managing technical debt (e.g., team dynamics, communication challenges) 
  Stakeholder perspectives and concerns about technical debt 
  The impact of organizational culture and processes on technical debt accumulation and repayment 
  Emerging Trends in Technical Debt Research   
 Use of artificial intelligence and machine learning for technical debt management 
  Software visualization techniques for technical debt identification and monitoring 
  New trends in technical debt for AI-driven systems and mobile applications 
  The role of software economics in shaping technical debt decisions 
  Position and Vision Papers   
 Position and vision papers offering novel perspectives on technical debt 
  New conceptual frameworks and metrics to study technical debt and its evolution 
  Paper categories   
 We invite submissions of papers to the Technical Track in any areas related to the theme and goal of the conference in the following categories:  
 Research Papers (up to 10 pages, plus 2 pages for references only) | : Innovative and significant original research in the field 
  Experience Papers (up to 10 pages, plus 2 pages for references only) | : Experiences, case studies, challenges, problems, and solutions gathered from industrial contexts. 
  Short Papers (up to 5 pages, plus 2 pages for references only) | : Early stages of research, new ideas, visions, and/or reflections; or technical debt-related tools. 
  All submissions must not exceed their page limit for the main text, inclusive of all figures, tables, appendices, etc. Two more pages containing only references are permitted. All submissions must be in PDF.  
 Upon acceptance, papers will be included in the 8th International Conference on Technical Debt proceedings.  
 Evaluation criteria   
 Submissions must be original and unpublished work. Each paper submitted to the main Technical Track will undergo a rigorous review process by at least three members of the program committee.  
 Novelty | : The novelty and innovativeness of contributed solutions, problem formulations, methodologies, theories, and/or evaluations, i.e., the extent to which the paper is sufficiently original with respect to the state-of-the-art. 
  Rigor | : The soundness, clarity, and depth of a technical or theoretical contribution, and the level of thoroughness and completeness of an evaluation. 
  Relevance | : The significance and/or potential impact of the research on the field of software engineering. 
  Verifiability and Transparency | : The extent to which the paper includes sufficient information to understand how an innovation works; to understand how data was obtained, analyzed, and interpreted; and how the paper supports independent verification or replication of the paper’s claimed contributions. Any artifacts attached to or linked from the paper will be checked by one reviewer. 
  Presentation | : The clarity of the exposition in the paper. 
  Reviewers will carefully consider all of the above criteria during the review process, and authors should take great care in clearly addressing them all. The paper should clearly explain and justify the claimed contributions. The weighting and relevance of the above criteria vary for paper types, e.g., a vision paper is primarily evaluated on novelty and relevance and not verifiability.  
 Junior PC   
 TechDebt 2025 proudly introduces a Junior Program Committee (Junior PC), which operates alongside the main program committee to enhance the review process and mentor the next generation of researchers. Composed of early-career scholars, the Junior PC reviews a subset of papers under the guidance of experienced mentors. The feedback they provide offers additional input to authors, enriching the TechDebt review process while ensuring high-quality reviews and supporting the growth of future leaders in the field of technical debt.  
 Submission process   
 TechDebt 2025 uses a doubly anonymous reviewing model for the Technical Track. Therefore, all submissions to this track have to fulfill the doubly-anonymous reviewing requirements  (refer to the ICSE Q&A  for more details). Any submission that does not comply with these requirements may be desk-rejected without further review.  
 Papers must be submitted electronically via the TechDebtConf2025 HotCRP site.  
 Submission site  : https://techdebt2025.hotcrp.com  .  
 Submissions must conform to the IEEE conference proceedings template, specified in the IEEE Conference Proceedings Formatting Guidelines (title in 24pt font and full text in 10pt type, LaTeX users must use \documentclass[10pt,conference]{IEEEtran}  without including the compsoc  or compsocconf  options).  
 Link: https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html   
 Open Science policy   
 Openness in science is key to fostering progress via transparency, reproducibility, and replicability. While all submissions will undergo the same review process independent of whether or not they disclose their analysis code or data, we strongly encourage authors to make data available upon submission (either privately or publicly) and especially upon acceptance (publicly). If the authors cannot disclose industrial or otherwise non-public data, they should provide an explicit (short) statement in the paper.  
 Accepted papers and attendance expectations   
 After acceptance, the list of paper authors cannot be changed under any circumstances, and the list of authors on camera-ready papers must be identical to those on submitted papers. After acceptance, paper titles can not be changed except by permission of the Program Co-Chairs, and only then when referees recommend a change for clarity or accuracy with paper content.  
 If a submission is accepted, at least one author of the paper is required to register for TechDebt 2025 and present the paper.  
 Important dates   
 Abstract deadline: Nov 8, 2024 
  Paper deadline: Nov 15, 2024 
  Author notification: Jan 10, 2025 
  Camera ready deadline: Jan 31, 2025 
  Mentoring Program   
 Authors can make use of the Mentoring Program  to offer mentorship to help bring new researchers to the community and assist those who would like to improve their papers by getting independent advice to ensure that papers are consistent with the existing technical debt body of work, focus on critical open challenges, and are accessible to everyone. Check out the Mentoring Program here  .  

 Important Dates   AoE (UTC-12h)     

 Fri 10 Jan 2025  
  Notification 
 Wed 5 Feb 2025  
  Camera Ready 
 Fri 22 Nov 2024  
  Papers 
 Fri 15 Nov 2024   
  Abstract 

 Submission Link   
   
   https://techdebt2025.hotcrp.com     
   
 Program Committee    
   
 Maria Teresa Baldassarre PC Co-Chair    
 Department of Computer Science, University of Bari   
 Italy 
  Roberto Verdecchia PC Co-Chair    
 University of Florence   
 Italy 
  Alexander Chatzigeorgiou PC Member    
 University of Macedonia   
 Greece 
  Antonio Martini PC Member    
 University of Oslo, Norway   
 Norway 
  Apostolos Ampatzoglou PC Member    
 University of Macedonia   
 Greece 
  Carolyn Seaman PC Member    
 University of Maryland Baltimore County   
 United States 
  Christoph Treude PC Member    
 Singapore Management University   
 Singapore 
  Clemente Izurieta PC Member    
 Montana State University   
 United States 
  Ehsan Zabardast PC Member    
 Blekinge Institute of Technology   
 Sweden 
  Fiorella Zampetti PC Member    
 University of Sannio, Italy   
 Italy 
  Francesca Arcelli Fontana PC Member    
 University of Milano-Bicocca 
  Giuseppe Lami PC Member    
 Institute of Information Science and Technologies "A. Faedo" - CNR   
 Italy 
  Graziela Simone Tonin PC Member    
 INSPER 
  Ipek Ozkaya PC Member    
 Carnegie Mellon University   
 United States 
  Jan Bosch PC Member    
 Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden 
  Justine Gehring PC Member    
 Moderne 
  Klara Borowa PC Member    
 Warsaw University of Technology   
 Poland 
  Klaus Schmid PC Member    
 University of Hildesheim   
 Germany 
  Marion Wiese PC Member    
 Universität Hamburg, MIN Fakultät, FB Informatik   
 Germany 
  Markus Borg PC Member    
 CodeScene   
 Sweden 
  Mohamed Soliman PC Member    
 Paderborn University   
 Germany 
  Neil Ernst PC Member    
 University of Victoria   
 Canada 
  Nyyti Saarimäki PC Member    
 University of Luxembourg   
 Luxembourg 
  Paris Avgeriou PC Member    
 Univ. of Gronningen   
 Netherlands 
  Rafael Capilla PC Member    
 Universidad Rey Juan Carlos   
 Spain 
  Rick Kazman PC Member    
 University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa 
  Rodrigo Spinola PC Member    
 Virginia Commonwealth University   
 United States 
  Ronnie de Souza Santos PC Member    
 University of Calgary   
 Canada 
  Sávio Freire PC Member    
 Federal Institute of Ceará   
 Brazil 
  Valentina Lenarduzzi PC Member    
 University of Oulu   
 Finland 

 x  Wed 4 Dec 13:53    

  TechDebt 2025   
  using conf.researchr.org  ( v1.67.1  )  
   Support page    
     
 TechDebt 2025  
 Technical Papers   
  Journal First   
  Junior Program Committee    

 Attending  
 Venue: Rogers Centre, Ottawa (formerly Shaw Centre)   
  Keynotes   
  Registration   
  Hotels   
  Visa and Travel Authorization Information for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Travelling to Ottawa   
  Getting Around Ottawa   
  Food at ICSE2025   
  Code of Conduct for ICSE 2025 and its Co-Located Events   
  Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Plan for ICSE 2025   
  Fun Activities    
 Sign Up    

  