UAI 2023    

 Conference   Local Information  Tutorials  Workshops  Accepted Papers  Award-winning Papers  Keynote Speakers  Important Dates  Code of Conduct  Registration  Scholarships  Top Reviewers  Schedule  Hotel & Local Accommodation    
 For Authors   Call for Papers  Call for Tutorials   Call for Workshops   Submission Instructions   Conflicts of Interest  Subject Areas  Camera-ready Instructions  Presentation Instructions    
 Organization   Organizing Committee  Area Chairs  Program Committee  Reviewing Instructions  AUAI    

 UAI 2023 - Call for Papers  

  The Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence ( UAI  ) is one of the premier international conferences on research related to learning and reasoning in the presence of uncertainty. The conference has been held every year since 1985. The upcoming 39th edition ( UAI 2023  ) will be an in-person conference with virtual elements taking place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA from 31 July to 4 August 2023.  
 We invite papers that describe novel theory, methodology and applications related to artificial intelligence, machine learning and statistics. Papers will be assessed in a rigorous double-blind peer-review process, based on the criteria of technical correctness, novelty, clarity of writing, and potential impact. Authors are strongly encouraged to make code and data available.  
 All accepted papers will be presented in poster sessions and spotlight presentations (physically or remotely). Selected papers will have longer presentations and an assigned discussant to foster debate. All accepted papers will be published in a volume of Proceedings of Machine Learning Research (PMLR)  .  
 Deadlines and other relevant dates can be found under important dates  .  
 Important dates for authors:  
   
 17 February 2023 (23:59 Anywhere on Earth, AoE): Paper submission deadline 
  11-20 April 2023: Author response and discussion period 
  8 May 2023: Author notification 
  Papers should be submitted on OpenReview at https://openreview.net/group?id=auai.org/UAI/2023/Conference  . Please see Submission Instructions  for more details on how your manuscript should be formatted.  
 We are looking forward to building an exciting program and we aim to make the most of the advantages that a hybrid conference can create. If you have any particular positive or negative experiences that you would like to share with us, please do not hesitate to email us.  
 If you are interested in giving a tutorial or organising a workshop at UAI 2023, please contact the tutorial chairs ( uai2023chairs+tutorials@gmail.com  ) or workshop chairs ( uai2023chairs+workshop@gmail.com  ) by 10 March 2023.  
 Relevant dates:  
   
 31 July: Tutorials 
  1-3 August: Main conference 
  4 August: Workshops 
   
  Robin Evans and Ilya Shpitser  
  UAI 2023 Program Chairs  
  uai2023programchairs@gmail.com   

  Sponsors