Skip to content  Search         
   
 Swarm Computing booklet    

 Email     [email protected]    X       Linkedin            YouTube         

 The Project Expand | About TaRDIS 
  The consortium 
  Use Cases 
  What’s New Expand | News 
  Blog 
  Newsletter 
  Events 
  Press releases 
  Library Expand | GitLab repository 
  Public deliverables 
  Scientific publications 
  Presentations 
  Videos 
  Promo materials 
  Contacts 

 Search         

 Email      Twitter      Linkedin      YouTube        

 Toggle Menu         

 « All Events   
 UCC 2023  

   This event has passed. 
    
 04/12/2023  –  07/12/2023   
   
 The 16th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing (UCC 2023)  
 The IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing (UCC) is a premier annual conference series aiming to provide a platform for researchers from both academia and industry to present new discoveries in the broad area of Cloud and Edge utility computing and applications.  
 Previous events were held in Shanghai, China (Cloud 2009), Melbourne, Australia (Cloud 2010 & UCC 2011), Chennai, India (UCC 2010), Chicago, USA (UCC 2012), Dresden, Germany (UCC2013), London, UK (UCC 2014), Limassol, Cyprus (UCC 2015), Shanghai, China (UCC 2016), Austin, USA (UCC 2017), Zurich, Switzerland (UCC 2018), Auckland, New Zealand (UCC 2019), Leicester, UK (UCC 2020), Leicester, UK (UCC 2021), and Vancouver, USA (UCC 2022).  
 UCC 2023 will be held in conjunction with the 10th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Big Data Computing, Applications and Technologies (BDCAT 2023) in Taormina, Messina, Italy.  
 More info    
       Add to calendar      
 Google Calendar 
  iCalendar 
  Outlook 365 
  Outlook Live 

 Event Navigation  
 «  EBDVF 2023 
  HiPEAC 2024 » 

  Follow us  
 X 
  LinkedIn 
  YouTube 

  Latest news  

 PTB-FLA-Babel Stack gets rolled-out to the public: PTB-FLA got the plug-in adapter for Babel   

 Python Testbed for Federated Learning Algorithms (PTB-FLA) is in simple terms a lightweight... Read More → PTB-FLA-Babel Stack gets rolled-out to the public: PTB-FLA got the plug-in adapter for Babel     

 The TaRDIS story – halfway through the project   

 Dr. Carla Ferreira, NOVA University Lisbon, Coordinator TaRDIS project, talks in this video about the TaRDIS project, its goals and components and what technological challenges... Read More → The TaRDIS story – halfway through the project     

 TARDIS ( Trustworthy And Resilient Decentralised Intelligence For Edge Systems  ) project is funded by the EU’s Horizon Europe   program under Grant Agreement number 101093006  . Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union. Neither the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them.  
  This work has received funding from the Swiss State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation (SERI)   .  

 Designed by  

 © 2024 TaRDIS project | All rights reserved  

 Email      X      Linkedin          YouTube        

 Cookie policy 
  Privacy policy 

 Scroll to top      Scroll to top      Our website uses cookies. Some of these cookies are essential to the operation of the website itself and are used by default. Some other cookies are used to compile statistics on how you and others use our website. Such cookies are only placed and collected with your consent. For more information on how we use cookies, please refer to our cookie policy  .   
 Accept   
 Reject     
 Privacy Policy   

 The Project  Toggle child menu  Expand | About TaRDIS 
  The consortium 
  Use Cases 
  What’s New  Toggle child menu  Expand | News 
  Blog 
  Newsletter 
  Events 
  Press releases 
  Library  Toggle child menu  Expand | GitLab repository 
  Public deliverables 
  Scientific publications 
  Presentations 
  Videos 
  Promo materials 
  Contacts 

 Toggle Menu Close        
 Search for:     Search