   
 International Conference on Visual Analytics and Data Visualization   
   
   ICVADV-2025  

 4-6, March 2025  

 Important Dates   
  Paper Submission Deadline:  5 December, 2024    
 Acceptance Intimation:   2 January, 2025  
 Registration Deadline:   5 February, 2025  
 Conference Dates:   4-6, March 2025  

 organized by     
    
 Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering,    
 Francis Xavier Engineering College    
 Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu, India   

 Home 
  Committee 
  ICVADV-2025 | Participant Registration 
  Submit a Paper 
  Plenary-Speakers 
  Calls 
  Publication 
  Links | Event Location 
  Contact 
  Important Dates 

 Conference Date  
   
 0  Days  
   
 0  Hrs  
   
 0  Mins  
   
 0  Secs  

 Conference Overview  
   
 In this digital age, data plays a crucial role Businesses/organizations across the globe are striving to analyze the data and identify the trends. Data evaluations also give organizations new insights to questions that they hadn’t even thought of. This creates a positive impact on discovering new business opportunities. Data visualization and visual analytics are two such ways to gain better insights into data. Though often used interchangeably, these two terms are inherently different as are their approaches to data. This International Conference on Visual Analytics and Data Visualization (ICVADV-2025) covers all research, development, and application aspects of Visual Analytics and Data Visualization. This international conference event intends to serve as a platform for discussing the recent advances in algorithms, methods, theory, and applications of visual analytics and data visualization. The conference encourages the discussion on recent findings in the design and utilization of data analytics and visualization tools.  
 College Information  
   
 The Francis Xavier Engineering College popularly known as FX Engineering College, was established in the year 2000 with the vision to empower budding engineers in technical and entrepreneurial training and to contribute to the socio-economic augmentation of the nation.The college is located the heart of the city of Tirunelveli heralded worldwide as the Oxford of South India, and is well connected by Road, Rail and Air. Students of FX Engineering College are given the opportunity to pursue first-rate and advanced technical education regardless of background, gender or financial constraints. The necessity to promote most advantageous learning and service is well harmonized and clearly expressed by allowing students to successfully plan their education and competently achieve the education they need. Curricular and co-curricular programs form an integral part of the curriculum and help students to have commanding incorporation of theory and practical knowledge. Each individual is motivated to increase the gravity of responsibility and be committed to serve the nation. The college is full of opportunities where students' talents can thrive and it systematically transforms a graduate to a future ready professional. The institution is open to the exchange of ideas, where discovery, creativity, and personal and professional development can flourish. It is a responsive, student-oriented institution that is committed to the creation, dissemination, and acquisition of knowledge through teaching, research and service  
 Department Information  
   
 The department of Electronics & Communication Engineering was one among the three courses offered since the inception of the institute in 4/10/2000, with an intake of 60 students. Upto the year 2001, the UG course was affiliated to M.S.University, Tirunelveli. From the year 2002 the affiliation stands permanent to Anna University, till date.  
 The department offers academic programmes at the Under Graduate and Post Graduate level with the state-of-the art facilities. The teaching-learning programme of the department is not only confined to conventional classroom teaching exercises but also includes the exclusive online mode, taking full advantage of the sources of study and platforms available on the internet. Even in the COVID-19 pandemic situation, it was a walk in the park for a 360 degree transition to online mode for all academic activities, without any delay.  

  