Calls | Research Tracks | Crowdsourcing and Human Computation 
  Economics, Monetization, and Online Markets 
  Fairness, Accountability, Transparency, and Ethics on the Web 
  Search 
  Security, Privacy, and Trust 
  Semantics and Knowledge 
  Social Network Analysis and Graph Algorithms 
  Systems and Infrastructure for Web, Mobile Web, and Web of Things 
  User Modeling and Personalization 
  Web and Society 
  Web Mining and Content Analysis 
  Special Track | Web4Good 
  History of the Web 
  The Creative Web 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  PhD Symposium 
  Posters and Demos 
  Industry 
  Web Developer and W3C 
  Test of Time Award 
  Proceedings 
  Special Days | Health Day 
  Knowledge Graph Day 
  Entrepreneur Day 
  Satellite Events | W4A | W4A 2023 
  W4A 2023 Call for Paper 
  Web Sci2023 
  Provenance Week 
  Program | Live Stream of TheWebConf 
  Program Overview 
  Keynote 
  Workshops 
  Tutorials 
  Accepted Papers 
  Accepted Posters 
  Detailed Program 
  ACM A.M. Turing Award Lecture 
  BBQ and Live Music 
  Attendees | Visa Letter 
  Registration 
  Venue and Hotel 
  Travel Information 
  Student Travel Award 
  Virtual Participation Award 
  Important Dates 
  About | The Web Conference 
  Organizing Committee 
  Sponsors 
  Code of Conduct 

 CFP: The Creative Web  
 Track chairs:  
 Marieke van Erp | ( KNAW Humanities Cluster, NL) 
  Albert Meroño-Peñuela | (King’s College London, UK) 
  Contact  
 creative2023@thewebconf.org   A large variety of content has been published on the World Wide Web since its invention at CERN by Sir Tim Berners-Lee in 1989. Initially conceived as a platform to publish and consume hypertext in a distributed fashion, the Web has never stopped growing in content in various forms and media —text, images, sound, music, video, data, and a large et cetera. Traditionally these forms and media have been the natural spaces of human creativity, imagination and invention.  
 Many of these have transcended the limitations of their original ecosystems in isolation, becoming creative works in ways that would have been impossible without the Web as a collaboration, cooperation, and publication platform. More and more often, we see the Web as a facilitator of creative work not just between collaborating humans, but also between humans and machines.  
 Much attention has been given to the information content of the Web. This track investigates the creative aspects of this content on the Web. The track consists of two strands: a research strand and (focusing on the scientific study of Web creativity systems) an art works strand (focusing on the creative output of such systems). Through the submissions and session at the conference we hope to gain more insights into the following:  
 What is creativity on the Web? 
  In what forms does creativity on the Web manifest? 
  How do we value creativity on the Web? 
  How do we facilitate creativity on the Web? 
  How do communities gather and leverage the Web for creativity? 
  What properties do Web-based creative sociotechnical systems have? 
  Topics include but are not limited to:  
 Human-machine creativity on the Web 
  Artificial Intelligence, creativity and the Web 
  Multimodality 
  Ownership, provenance, and IPR (NFTs?) 
  Sustainability of creative works 
  Value 
  Web enabled co-creation 
  Contributions  
 We invite two types of contributions:  
 For the research strand, we invite original papers that describe original and unpublished research work. Research strand contributions should be between 4 and 8 content pages, including all figures and tables, but exclude supplementary material and references; 
  For the art strand, we invite 2-page extended abstracts that describe art projects that use the Web either as a source, publication method or reflect on the Web. We encourage contributors to reflect on the connection between their art work and the central questions and/or topics of the track. Submissions to the art strand must include a presentation format section with a description of how their contribution can be accessed or experienced (e.g. a live concert, a video recording, a printed painting, etc.), and the author’s plans for showing their work in the track exhibition space. 
  Accepted research papers and art work descriptions will be published by ACM in the conference proceedings. Research papers will be published in the research volume, while art work descriptions will be published in the companion volume.  
 Submissions will be handled via Easychair, at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=thewebconf2023  for research strand papers (make sure to select “Creativity on the Web”); and at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=thewebconf2023iwpd  for art work description papers (make sure to select “Creativity on the Web - Art”).  
 Review procedure  
 All submissions will be peer-reviewed and evaluated on the basis of originality, relevance, quality, and technical, sociological, or creative contribution. Research papers will be reviewed according to their relevance, method, and scientific rigour. Art abstracts will be reviewed according to their significance, originality and use of Web creativity.  
 Please carefully verify that when submitting your contribution, that it is related to creativity and the Web. Ensure the connection to a topic or topics within the track is evident on the first page of your paper. This is important because your paper will be assessed early on regarding its relevance to the conference and its relevance to the track-specific CFP of the track that you submitted to, and will be rejected with minimal feedback (“desk rejected”) if it does not fit that track.  
 Formatting the submissions  
 Submissions must adhere to the ACM template and format published in the ACM guidelines at https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template. Please remember to add Concepts and Keywords. Please use the template in traditional double-column format to prepare your submissions. For example, word users may use Word Interim Template, and LaTeX users may use sample-sigconf template.  
 For overleaf users, you may want to use  
 https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/association-for-computing-machinery-acm-sig-proceedings-template/bmvfhcdnxfty.  Submissions for review must be in PDF format. They must be self-contained and written in English. Authors are requested to use spell checking and grammar checking tools. Submissions will be subjected to plagiarism-checking software.  
 Publication policy  
 Accepted papers will require a further revision in order to meet the requirements and page limits of the camera-ready format required by ACM. Instructions for the preparation of the camera-ready versions of the papers will be provided after acceptance.  
  All accepted papers will be published by ACM in the conference proceedings together with the research track papers and will be available via the ACM Digital Library. To be included in the proceedings, at least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference and present the paper there.  
 Important dates  
 Full paper: 6 February 2023 
  Acceptance notification: 6 March 2023 
  Camera-ready version: 20 March 2023 
  All submission deadlines are end-of-day in the Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone  

  The Web Conference @ Austin  
 The Web Conference 2023 is organized by the School of Information at The University of Texas at Austin